 
Orient Electric Limited - a CK Birla Group Company  CIN No.: L31100OR2016PLC025892 
240, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020, India    Tel +91 11 40507000    Fax +91 11 40507004 
Regd. Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751012   investor@orientelectric.com   www.orientelectric.com 
May 16, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: ORIENTELEC 
 
Department of Corporate Services -Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
   Scrip Code: 541301 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated January 21, 2022, filed in terms of the provisions of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
regarding participation of the management of the Company in an Earnings Call, to discuss the 
Audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, 
scheduled for Wednesday, May 11, 2022 at 10:00 AM (IST). 
 
In this regard, transcript of the aforementioned Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, 
the said transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Orient Electric Limited 
 
 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Hitesh 
Kumar Jain
Digitally signed by 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Date: 2022.05.16 
17:38:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Orient Electric Limited Q4FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH KHANNA - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO, ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
MR. SAIBAL SENGUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHRUV JAIN – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Orient Electric Limited 4QFY22 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Ambit Capital.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes, should you need assistance 
during the conference, call the signal operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Thank you. And over to 
you sir. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Good morning everyone. Welcome to Orient Electric’s 4QFY22 Earnings Call. From the 
Management side today we have with us Mr. Rakesh Khanna - Managing Director & CEO and 
Mr. Saibal Sengupta - Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. And over to you sir, for your opening 
remarks. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Good morning, everyone. This is Rakesh Khanna. Thank you all for joining us for our full year 
end and quarter results discussion. I hope everyone is keeping in good health. We are not letting 
our guards down and all precautions are taken to ensure employee well-being. 
FY22 posed several challenges to the business intermittently due to Covid disruptions and 
geopolitical disturbances. Despite that, we have managed to navigate through these upheavals. 
The company delivered an overall resilient performance for the FY22 and posted an aggregate 
revenue of 21% year-on-year, under challenging demand and operational conditions. As 
lockdowns receded and vaccinations permuted, people's lives started to return to normal 
gradually. As a result, customer sentiments improved and we experienced encouraging revival 
for the demand for electrical durables. 
For Q4FY22 our channel partners, traditional stock filling of fans and coolers for ongoing 
summer season fell short of expectations. Negative sentiments arising from Omicron wave 
caused them to postpone their buying decisions. On the other hand, our Lighting and Switchgear 
segment has been performing very well and witnessed good momentum. With a double digit 
growth both in top-line and bottomline, this segment delivered creditable performance. Clearly, 
our strategic efforts in the recent past are yielding great traction within this segment. 
FY22 was another great example showcasing our abilities for leveraging our brand capital and 
our distribution strengths. We are continuously implementing exciting market activation 
programs and expanding our geographical reach via our vast distribution network. 
FY22 further witnessed beginning of OEL’s footprint into Southern parts of India and the 
Eastern parts of India. On the distribution front, we have integrated its digital initiatives into its 
overall distribution framework, which is increasing the adoption on ground and started giving 
market insights. The company transitioned its distribution approach for its fan segment in the 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
target markets of Orissa and Bihar, with the direct to dealer approach from its traditional 
approach of selling via master distributors. This approach is assisting in increasing Orient’s 
market share in these underpenetrated areas. 
The main area of concern for FY22 and Q4 was relentless inflation in commodity prices. As you 
all know, the increase in commodity prices has kept margins under pressure since Q1FY22 and 
continued until year end. However, during Q4FY22, the company decided on taking aggressive 
price increases on the back of steep cost increase to protect the gross margins. 
Besides the favorable swings in consumer luminaires  and switches, enabled higher gross 
margins. All this has maintained the overall gross margin of the company and a steady state 
quarter-on-quarter at around 28%. 
While currently raw material prices are holding due to global demand supply situation, inflation 
is expected to continue over the medium term. Therefore, gradual price revisions and systematic 
cost reductions is being actively worked upon to cushion the inflationary impact. 
The ECD segment which is home to over appliances and finish business is a significant purchaser 
of such affected commodities and was therefore impacted the most. The Lighting and Switchgear 
segment, which is less connected with the vagaries of commodities remains minimally impacted. 
On the expenses front, our other operating costs also saw an upward trend during Q4 and FY22. 
As operations resumed normal pre-Covid levels ancillary costs, such as distribution, marketing, 
and travel which were essential to drive business growth came back into the system.  
Looking at our working capital, as of 31st March ’22 it has increased by 17 days from a 
disproportionately eroded days in the previous fiscal year levels. However, due to better working 
capital management, the working capital days has steadily been improving from 47 days in 
Financial Year 2020 to 28 days in Financial Year 2022. Readiness of stocks in anticipation of 
seasonal demand, coupled with negative sentiments of price increase and high challenge 
inventory resulted in higher yearend inventory. We expect the overall working capital 
requirements to continue reducing gradually over the years. 
The revenue from our Electrical Consumer Durables segment grew overall by an impressive 
19% year-on-year for the full Financial Year ‘22 period even though it dropped by 11% year-
on-year in the 4th Quarter of Financial Year ’22. The negative sentiment surrounding the 
Omicron wave and the Eastern European conflict during the quarter ended March ‘22 kept the 
demand for ECD segments stagnant until mid-March. However, secondary sales continued 
unabated as anticipated, which resulted in inventory drawdown on the distributors front as well 
as helped maintaining market shares. With concerns of Omicron variant reducing we hope that 
the Quarter 1 would be more optimistic and the demands will pick up. 
In ECD segment, exciting new products were introduced by consumer insights. Company 
expanded the BLDC range fans with models like i-Tome, i-Falcon, Eco-Tech Pro. New range 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
was introduced in decorative fans portfolio with models like Jazz Art and Falcon Deco. Glassline 
water heaters and modular metal coolers were introduced in the appliances categories. 
Our Lighting and Switchgear business has been picking up very well due to multiple years of 
strategic efforts. With every passing year, this segment has been increasing the share of the 
Company's total revenue. For FY22 I am pleased to inform that its share in total revenue now 
stands at 27%. FY22 for the Lighting and Switchgear business grew impressively. For the 
quarter this segment delivered strong growth of 15% YoY. The B2C segment continued to 
display encouraging traction, led by consumer lamps and luminaire enjoying robust demand 
from home, small offices and showrooms. In the B2B segment, both private and government 
business inquiries have increased and order bookings have started. Greater attention is being 
given to the tender business within the infrastructure sector. Multiple bids are being sought after 
by NHAI highways, Street Light National Program, the Railways and by the smart cities. The 
government's push on many of these projects makes the outlook for tender segment of the 
business look promising. 
Furthermore, we are very optimistic about facade lighting range with proven designing strengths 
and enhanced the capability to deliver, which has resulted in prestigious installations like the 4-
kilometer-long Dwarkadhish Bridge, the Bhakra Nangal Dam and the Aligarh Smart City. 
Besides, during the year a bouquet of new products were launched like Emergency LED Batten, 
decorative lights and others. 
It is encouraging to see our switchgear business gaining traction and spreading its wings with 
portfolio expansion and channel expansion into domestic and international markets. Company's 
new range of switches catering to mass premium segment is being well received by channels 
and consumers alike and volumes continue to pick up pace each month. 
Going forward the change in product mix, channel mix, gradual price hikes, easing of 
commodity prices and new product launches should allow us to improve our margins from 
present levels in the medium term. 
We have taken our focus at projects to speed up Sanchay which is our cost reduction program 
for a total cost outing. Ecommerce to establish Orient as a front runner in this growing channel 
and GTM for gaining shares in trade channel. We prepare ourselves for the coming omni-channel 
phygital future. 
We are initiating the project of Greenfield plant in Hyderabad, which is expected to be 
commissioned towards the end of Financial Year ‘23. This will help us expand our premium 
product portfolio within ECG division, further improving the quality of our earnings over time. 
As I mentioned in my earlier calls, we have continued to invest in our long term strategic plans, 
cost control measures, improved efficiency in production, enhancing trade partnerships, and 
empowering channel partners, which will enable us to grow faster than the market. Most 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
importantly, company continues to reinforce its consumer centricity ethos with tangible actions 
to fold up our vision and deliver sustainable growth. This will keep Orient as a highly relevant 
player in the years to come. On this note, I hand it back to you Dhruv. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with a question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
My first question is on Orissa and Bihar we have adopted this direct dealer approach. So, is it 
possible to sort of elaborate a bit in terms of key positive trends that we are seeing here and 
whether this model is replicable in other states? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
We have taken up these two markets for going direct. As I have always maintained that we have 
a very strong base of master distributors who bring phenomenal strength to us in the states, where 
they have been, the presence has been since even generations and the kinds of relationships that 
they enjoy is phenomenal. However, there are states where we have seen that there is 
underpenetration for various reasons. And in these states we have decided that we will go direct 
to the to the market. 
Both the states are showing very encouraging results. And it's a little early to make a statement 
about how it will finally shape up. But all I can tell you is that within the last six months that we 
have actively started setting up these states the results are very encouraging and we are happy 
with our decision. 
Going forward, I will not like to make any clear statement about it, but I can assure you that 
wherever the penetration is low, we will take a view on that and if required, we will make a 
complete change in the go-to-market strategy in that state. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
My last question is, you mentioned the market share gains in Southern states in fans. So, is it 
possible to sort of quantify a bit in terms of how has been the market share gains and has been 
increase in the channel footprint? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Unfortunately, there is no good syndicated data that I can rely on and make that statement. What 
I can tell you is that of the total growth that we have achieved a significant part of the growth 
has come from South markets. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And how has been the increase in the channel footprint? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
The channel footprint Bhargav, earlier also I maintained that channel footprint we do not 
measure by the number of retail counters we open because our reach is already very large. What 
is important is how many direct number of counters are we now started influencing and how are 
we ensuring that our influence on the counter is steadily increasing and the direct reach is 
increasing. So, our direct reach is continuously increasing. And we are adding in the range of 
10% to 20% in every state in terms of the number of direct reach to the retailers. 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question is to understand broadly, if we see the headline performance of ACD seems to 
be much softer than the other players who have reported results and your comments also on the 
March uptake from channel has not been too encouraging. So, if you can give us some inputs in 
terms of how has the demand panned out in the last 45 days of the summer period, especially 
April/May? And is the channel inventory as well as the inventory which the company has been 
stocking has that been eased out? Also, if you could give us some flavor in terms of overall in 
the fan segment where there has been under recovery on the cost side, what has been the kind of 
price actions and by when do we expect to recoup our margins in this portfolio? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Let me answer it in two parts, first is the margin and second is the volume. If you would have 
noticed, we have been able to implement price increases significantly more than the competition 
during this particular quarter. And we believe that it's important to finally be able to pass on the 
cost increase to the consumer, because from the consumer side, I don't think there is much 
reluctance considering the fact that it has a small share of the consumer’s wallet and the 
consumer’s total domestic spend. 
However, there are competitive pressures which will influence our decision and timing on the 
price increases. With that, we have to also see how the lag in price increase with respect to 
competition happens. We took a lead during Quarter 4 in terms of price increase with respect to 
competition, we sustained it. We believe going forward in Quarter 1, this pressure will ease out 
and overall price increases will happen in the industry. However, April onwards we are seeing 
the traction building up much more stronger. 
And what we also measured is the secondary growth that is the real sale to the consumer. And 
the real sale to the consumer through our market checks has been happening unabated. And that 
gives us confidence that it is in the interest of the entire industry that the costs are passed on to 
the consumer. So, currently, we see a traction building up April/May and the price increases 
should happen and also the commodity should start easing, some of the commodities we are also 
seeing has started easing but it's still volatile. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, I will just follow on the last participant question. Can you able to quantify the price hike in 
the fan, and as well as contribution of a premium fan, for a quarter and the year? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, the price hike during the year has been in the range of 15% to 18% with a cost increase, 
which has been in the range of 18% to 20% and that actually tells the difference in the gross 
margin that has happened. As of now, we need to increase, if we have to go back to our margins, 
it is very simple that you understand how much of percentage increase we should get to regain 
the desired margins that has historically been the Orient’s and the industry margins. 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Praveen Sahay: 
And the premium fan. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
The premium fans is again, it's a moving target as to what we decide as a premium and industry 
still not with a single definition of premium. Because most of the industry talks about premium 
from Rs. 3,500 onward fans or Rs. 3,000 onwards fans, whereas as the prices keep on increasing, 
the categories that start moving into price bands keep on changing, and therefore it appears that 
the premium is growing. Actually speaking, the premium is the top-end fans as we define and 
we start from our Aero Series onwards, which we call the premium fans. That's in the range of 
10%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question, that is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis 
Bank. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
I am sorry, I am just trying to add up things here. So, what we took a call, what I have been able 
to understand from your opening remarks, is we took a call of not sacrificing gross margin at 
different product levels, and you increased prices rather than chasing for growth, at least at the 
primary level. Secondary, as you said the growth was still taking place, which led to the lower 
inventory in the channel, is that correct? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes, Nitin. 
Nitin Arora: 
So, the external environment in Q1 would not be indifferent, right, I mean, in the medium term, 
the competitive intensity would be there. And again, if our call is maintaining the gross margin, 
then you would go for price hike and reduce the inventory part, or let's say, look for a lower 
volume growth. So, I just wanted to understand, is industry growing very significantly higher, 
that's where the confidence is coming that things will eventually fall in place from Q1 onwards. 
If you can help us on the industry growth wise, even category wise, like you mentioned about a 
switchgear or fans and plus the rating change, which is coming up, do you see a pre-buy there, 
that's why the confidence is coming. Just if you can articulate that better it will be helpful. Thank 
you, sir. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
A brilliant question, Nitin, I must say. I have confidence in the industry and this space. And this 
particular industry and space has always shown a lot of wisdom in terms of protecting the 
margins and the shareholder’s wealth. And therefore, I am reasonably confident that in some 
time the cost will get passed on and the margins across the industry will come in place. 
Yes, you are right. There is always a lag between different players, because it's an independent 
call and one or the other player has to take a lead. But again, if you will see the historical 
movements, the fact that so much of price increase has happened across the industry, all players 
have moved with a lag of one month plus or minus that has happened, and it will continue to 
happen. I don't think that situation will happen where one player takes the price increase and 
everybody else doesn't that's not likely to happen. 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
And our response to the market will also be aligned to how the overall industry is moving. And 
we will ensure that while we protect our margins, we always keep our eyes on the volume also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Rahul Gajare from 
Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I just have one question, could you discuss your capacity utilization in the fans, and the capacity 
that you will add at your new Hyderabad facility, and which and other products that you have 
planned at this new facility? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Rahul, currently our capacity utilization is of course more than 100%, and we are really 
stretching on our capacity. We are forced to go outsource some of the fans as of now. The 
capacity in the new Hyderabad factory will start with at the average level of around 4 lakh fans 
per month, which will steadily increase. We will also move the capacities between different 
factories to ensure that there is a right balance between all the three factories. And it will also be 
catering to the increased demand. We are going to be looking at new models, new lines, a lot of 
automation, lot of improvement in quality, getting to international levels for the European 
markets etc., where we need very high level of finish. So, this new factory is going to be in the 
direction of future growth.. 
Rahul Gajare: 
And you are going to start with 4 lakhs, but what is the peak capacity that you are thinking about? 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Just a small clarification, what Mr. Khanna mentioned just now about the capacity of 4 lakhs. 
Let me tell you the utilization today this 100% is at the peak levels, and you would appreciate 
that it normally swings in-between peak and lean, the lean comes down to 40% to 50% level. 
And yes, whatever these 4 lakhs per fan is only the starting position, it will always be a graded 
upswing of capacity building. And to start with this is the peak capacity that was out. 
Rajul Gajare: 
4 lakhs is going to be the capacity. 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Devansh Nagotia from SIMPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Devansh Nagotia: 
In terms of, I mean, the distributor arrangement that we mentioned of how we have changed in 
Orissa and Bihar. I think we had similar issues with Gujarat probably one or two years back. So, 
just trying to understand what is the overall thought process between having a master distributor 
and doing a go-to market? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Devansh, I am not sure which issues you are talking about in Gujarat. Gujarat has been very 
stable. It has been performing well for us. We have a very strong distributor over there. And 
during the sad demise of one of our distributors, the switchover was very smooth to one of earlier 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
distributors. And it continues to have a very strong relation in the market. So, I am not really 
sure on which particular aspect you are talking about. 
But let me tell you one thing that whichever market we find that the current distributor is not 
able to deliver the results that we want, we are open to make a change. We will ensure that we 
get full penetration in the market as desired. If we get a very strong master distributor, we will 
take a very strong master distributor, but since these are very few people in the market, who 
have that kind of strength. We will go directly in the markets where we believe that’s better for 
the market. 
Devansh Nagotia: 
And I mean how does, let’s say since you mentioned these underpenetrated areas is where we 
are trying to go-to market and how would like say margins and working capital fair, as in having 
a distributor and going directly, some direction if you can give. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
First thing, it's not going to effect on the working capital, working capital is likely to remain 
similar, not much change. In fact, in the new markets, we are entering with far higher discipline 
because we are starting on a clean slate. So, we are starting with much superior discipline. So, 
we believe that our working capital is likely to improve in these markets. 
And in terms of market penetration, because we are going directly, access to the market and to 
the retailers is closer, that will also, hopefully help us to build much stronger relation and build 
market shares. As I said, the initial six months have been very encouraging. We are very happy 
with the performance in the East markets. 
Devansh Nagotia: 
And in terms of margin, let’s say when we are not paying the distributor margin, master 
distributor margin, and the cost for us to actually go and distribute at retail level. So, how does 
that balance happen? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
It's likely to remain neutral. Because the distributors, they take up a lot of cost, which we will 
start incurring directly. However that margin is saved. It's likely to remain neutral, a little plus 
minus we will see how it goes. The idea is not about cutting the cost and cutting corners here or 
there. The idea is about improving the distribution; improving the spread and reach, the quality 
of distribution, quality of service. That's the idea. 
Devansh Nagotia: 
If you can just elaborate on the new product launches that you mentioned, especially in terms of 
Cooler and Appliance category. What is the strategy on these new launches and the thought 
process that we have at the moment. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Devansh, we have always been known for the innovative launches that we have been bringing. 
Product portfolio is very important and to constantly keep on exciting the customer with new 
products, new finish is very important. One of the areas where we are working hard to quickly 
expand the portfolio is in power efficient fans. This is a category which is going to swing 
phenomenally in some time, on both sides, be it in terms of the range, the looks and the feel and 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
performance of these fans. The market is changing very fast. And this is where we are bringing 
in very quickly new models. 
Metal cooler is another area where we are confident but that's going to give us results. And 
therefore that's one area where we are trying to bring in more models, although we are being 
very cautious about slowly bringing in new models and ensuring that they get established well. 
Lighting is an area where we are constantly expanding be it in façade, be it in street light, be it 
in professional light, we are constantly expanding there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aakash Javeri: 
In your opening remarks you mentioned about expanding your BLDC range of fans. And using 
the previous participants answer you mentioned that one big segment for you would be power 
efficient fans. So, my question was it, do you see the fan market turning entirely to BLDC in the 
coming years? And the follow-up question to that would be how has the cost of technology 
evolved over the last few years for fan? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, Aakash, we all know that BEE rating is likely to become mandatory in some time, although 
government started aggressively, but for some reason they have been little slow. But since the 
main circular has already come, it's a matter of time that it will happen. As the awareness in 
consumers starts going up and we also know that consumers are very quickly becoming aware 
about the environment, about power efficiency, green world etc., etc. So, the swing is happening 
and happening at a very fast pace. Therefore it's important that we expand quickly in this 
particular segment. How much will shift, it depends on how quickly the cost of the BLDC fan 
keeps on coming down. A significant part of the BLDC fan cost is in the electronics. 
Electronics historically have always got into cost reduction at a very fast speed as soon as the 
scale starts building up. And there is a very good chance that the same graph will be seen in this 
category also, and the cost will start coming down. And that's when this swing will happen. But 
it's a matter of time and difficult to predict how fast that swing will be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Vasa from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Vasa: 
So, as you informed that BEE ratings are expected to be applicable in the country very soon. So, 
according to you, what is the significant benefit which can come to the organized players at the 
cost of unorganized ones. So, do you foresee a scenario where in the unorganized market which 
is mainly operating on the price and lower price bracket that will be hit hard or how do you see 
this rating change impact on the unorganized peers or especially this smaller and local ones. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
See slowly, we are seeing that the cost gap between the unorganized and organized is reducing, 
and that's one of the reasons why organized, unorganized are finding it difficult to stay in the 
market. The consumer also is becoming more involved in this particular category. There was a 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
time when consumer was not involved in this category and it was just a product right up in the 
ceiling and not able to be seen, but now the consumer is more careful, the ceiling heights are 
coming down, the fans are more visible, they want right brands, they want right quality, they are 
careful about the power consumption, they are careful about the noise. And if all the quality has 
to be delivered, an organized player is able to deliver it at much lower cost as compared to 
unorganized. So, that's where I think the swing will start happening. 
Nirav Vasa: 
And in the initial launch of BLDC motor fans, according to you, what is the cost increase because 
of this BLDC thing? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
See, we know is that a normal fan when used to cost around Rs. 1,200, the BLDC fan used to 
cost to the customer Rs. 3,000. So, it was more than twice the price. Today it has come down to 
nearly one and a half times the price, and it can steadily come down to 1.2, 1.3 times the cost. 
So, that's how it is working. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
I had a question on lighting. So, you mentioned in your Investor Presentation that lighting 
business grew by about 10% this quarter. So, I just wanted to understand what would be the 
price hikes that you would have taken? And if you could just break that up into the mix change 
that would have happened in also the raw materials things like price hikes. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, Dhruv, in lighting the price hikes have been fairly nominal, not much of price hike has 
happened because while the commodity price went up, there were good work done by the team 
in terms of the circuits. And the new technology that comes in, helps us to really bring down the 
cost in the circuits, and not much of a price hike had to be taken in lighting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amber Singhania from Nippon India, AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Amber Singhania: 
My question pertains to the BLDC answers which you have said earlier. Just one clarification, 
the earlier timeline of July ‘22 for BEE rating, does that mean that that is not there anymore? 
And there will be a new timeline which will be coming in, that is one. 
And secondly, so just wanted to understand from the BLDC perspective, how do you see the 
markets panning out in terms of, do you see that replacement demand will come in this segment 
significantly, because what I understand, please correct me if I am wrong, the fan is not a serious 
energy guzzler. So, the incentive for people who are already having fans to replace with a BLDC 
fans is not significantly higher at this juncture. So, how do you see that segment panning out? Is 
there any color from the government side that the government agencies will start replacing 
faster? Or how things will pan out on that and what is your view, if you can share some light on 
that? 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Amber, the first thing is on the government deadline of July, not likely to happen because 
government has to give technically around six months notice. But now since we are already in 
May, it looks very difficult that July will happen. However, we are still waiting to hear from the 
government. Most likely a new timeline will come, that's my personal understanding. 
The second is fan power guzzler, actually speaking in domestic area fans is the second biggest 
power guzzler in houses. We used to feel that it’s air conditioners but air conditioners, heaters 
are not as much power guzzlers because fan runs full time. And that's why it consumes a lot of 
electricity. 
The normal payback of a good power efficient fan is one, one and a half year that's it. So, the 
payback is very fast. Having said that, will everybody replace? Not very likely. Does the 
induction fan has its own advantage? Yes, they are a lot more rugged in that sense. But overall 
as the awareness starts spreading, and as the new generation coming up, is more sensitive 
towards the environment, the swing is happening, the swing will happen. How fast we all will 
see. 
As far as we are concerned, we are ready with the full BLDC range. We have a very strong 
induction fan range and we are capable of responding whichever way the market will move. 
Amber Singhania: 
Okay, and is there any support from the government side or the institution, you think might shift 
faster to BLDC in terms of replacing because they are all old fans in the offices and the homes 
and all. So, is there any support which is committed by the government or given an indication 
on that line? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Government has always improved these by insisting on the Star guidelines. And in all products 
we have seen government has come out with Star guidelines, and thereafter leaves it to consumer 
awareness and preference to move into more power efficient production. And that's what is likely 
to happen in fans also. 
Amber Singhania: 
Just one last thing is, the current capacities of the old fans, is it fungible towards BLDC over a 
period of time when the industry moves faster to the BLDC side? Is it fungible or do we need to 
put up there complete and separate capacity for that? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
You see, this particular industry is not very capital intensive. So, the shifts are not very 
expensive. It's fairly easy to shift. So, these costs are not huge. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Balasubramanian from 
Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
In terms of market share, you are gaining market share from existing players in terms of market 
growth? 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes of course, when we say we are gaining market share, this is from existing players. The 
market is spread out, we have a lot number of existing players in the market. And while you 
would see that some of the players are becoming stronger and emerging stronger and some of 
the players have kind of lost out. So, yes, we are gaining at the cost of existing players. Some of 
them are unorganized, some of them are organized. It's a mix of all. 
Balasubramanian: 
In price hike you have mentioned 15% to 18% across the products, how you are related with 
your peers, how much you like your peers have implemented price hikes --? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
You see the peers is also in the similar range. This particular quarter, the peers hike would be 
much lesser and that can be seen from the published results where the gross margins have got 
either hit or got protected. That's where it's a good way to make a check as to how much price 
hikes have been there by one player versus the other. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line that Shubham Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubham Agarwal: 
So, just a small question with respect to the exports. Could you just comment how is the exports 
been this year in FY22? And given that you are already operating at 100% capacity or more than 
that, should we expect exports to broadly be stable for FY23 as well at the same level? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, you have two questions, one is about the capacity and second about the exports. About the 
capacity as Saibal clarify, the capacity when I see 100% plus utilization, it is during the peak 
time. There are times when the capacity utilization is not 100%. 
The second is about the export. We continue to be the largest exporter. There are markets which 
are doing well for us, and there are markets which have faced headwinds, markets like Sudan, 
markets like Sri Lanka, they have had geopolitical issues and we are all aware and those are the 
headwinds. There are markets which are disturbed because of the Eastern Europe disturbance so 
that's also one of the restrictions. But given all that we expect the export to remain stable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Just wanted to understand in terms of our long term growth journey, if I see in last two years 
from Rs. 1,600 crores of top-line we have reached around Rs. 2,500 crores. And from the current 
base to take it to Rs. 4,500 crores or Rs 5,000 crores of business, what kind of steps the company 
would need to take, in terms of new category, new geography? What do you think how long will 
it take to, you know, to reach to those kinds of numbers to us? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Naushad, yes, you are right, we are as excited about the future growth and we have huge plans. 
Unfortunately, I will not be able to share all the plans with you, they remain confidential because 
of the various reasons. But I can tell you we are very excited about the journey. And we are very 
positive that the future is very good for Orient Electric. 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
I will tell you a few things which I have always said. In fans, we are not the number one and 
there is no reason why we should not be the best in the market because we have the best 
manufacturing facility, we are the largest exporter which means that we manufacture the best 
fans at the lowest cost. We have a great brand and great heritage. We have a fantastic distribution 
structure and therefore our ability to grow and reach to market shares comparable to the leader 
is very high. And that growth we should go for. 
In lighting, the size of lighting industry is more than one and a half times that of fans industry. 
We are fairly small in lighting and there is a phenomenal opportunity to grow there. Switches, 
switchgears and other related products, we are very small here, but it's a fantastic market and we 
are gaining phenomenally good traction in this area. Appliances is very large. Ecommerce is 
coming up at a very fast pace. And that gives a phenomenal opportunity for us to grow at a very 
high rate. 
So, if I have to look at all the growth opportunities in front of us, it is very exciting. And I find 
no reason why we should not be reaching these numbers reasonably fast. I will not be able to 
give you any timelines or any numbers around it, for reasons as stated earlier. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
But given our existing categories, you see reaching Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 5,000 of top-line is not a 
difficult task for us. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Naushad, I gave you all the mathematics, just put the mathematics on table and you will find 
that these numbers are so much achievable. And that's what makes the whole organization so 
excited about the journey ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Connected to this question only, qualitatively if you see your next three, four years journey, do 
you think it can be more exciting than what you have experienced in past four or five years or 
how do you see your next three, four years in terms of your excitement towards the business and 
growth? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Naushad our journey, a few years back has been very exciting, because that has brought us here. 
Last two years because of COVID, yes, there has been a very strong headwind. But as the 
COVID headwinds go away, we believe that the journey ahead will be very exciting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Dhanuka from Ncubate Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Dhanuka: 
Just one question in terms of the air coolers, how are you seeing the demand and in terms of the 
inventory, which was a challenge in the kind of channel last year. Has those inventory been out? 
And do you see a normal year for FY22/FY23 in terms of booking for the next year? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
I am hopeful Harsh. The entire trade has actually gone into kind of a shell, because after nearly 
three years, the summers did not happen well. But this year, as the summer continues to be 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
promising, I expect the shift in the trade to return back and the entire booking process to be full 
during the period July onwards for the whole year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I also have a question connected to air coolers. Could you give us a sense on the size of the 
market? How shift from unorganized to organized has picked up? Which are the brands which 
have you know gained market share? And specifically for your company in ECD, how much is 
the sales of air cooler contributing? And what is your market share in the air cooler market? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
First thing I don’t think I would want to talk about the competition and which player is doing 
what in this call. But we all are aware that the cooler market is highly polarized in favor of one 
or two top leaders who garner a significant share. The rest of the players have not, had started 
their journey around three years back, but since that time COVID has been hitting, and the entire 
cooler trade has not really gained traction. We expect the market to start opening up now and 
given one, two good summers the whole landscape can shift significantly, in favor of the new 
players also. 
As far as we are concerned, we continue to remain hopeful. We will continue to build on coolers 
as a business. And this year itself we are seeing the traction to be coming back. In terms of 
unorganized that continues to be in the range of around 75% or so of the market remains 
unorganized, which also gives us an opportunity that the future for organized players is will be 
good. However, a lot of work needs to be done in this particular space because it's not easy to 
compete with unorganized given their cost structure versus the organized cost structure. And 
organized players have to bring the cost down to meet that unorganized market. So, I think it has 
its own challenges, but the opportunity is large. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Nikhil Kale from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kale: 
My question was, we understand that the organized, unorganized market in fans is now maybe 
15% to 20%. So, larger organized players now have kind of gathered quite a bit of market share. 
So, growth going forward would be largely driven by premiumization and ESP increases, is that 
understanding correct? And also given that the headroom to gain market share from unorganized 
players has now kind of gone down, would it be fair to assume that even margins could be under 
pressure given increasing competition? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
First thing, the growth is not going to come at the cost of unorganized play. I think the excitement 
that I talked about in this space is that the growth will come from the consumers themselves, the 
reason being the very strong shift in consumer preference, awareness and involvement in the 
product category. 
The replacement cycle, which at one time used to be 25 years or so, today, people are willing to 
replace the fan every time they are refurbishing the house. It’s a huge shift. The kind of the 

 
Orient Electric Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
growth in the decorative segment, in the BLDC segment, in the premium segment is 
disproportionately high. And therefore, I believe that in the coming few years, the growth will 
continue to be high in fans, as a segment. 
And on the margins, I find no reason for margins to go down because this particular space and 
industry has always ensured that the margins for the industry across are protected. There is a 
competitive pressure, but it has never been at the cost of margins. And I remain very confident 
about this industry. And therefore the margin should not get hit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question, I now hand the conference over to 
the Management for their closing comments. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Thank you so much. Thank you Ambit team for organizing this. And I would like to thank all 
the participants for continuing to show your interest in Orient Electric. I can assure you on behalf 
of the entire senior leadership of Orient Electric that we remain very excited and committed 
towards this business. And we all see a very beautiful future ahead of us. It's an exciting space. 
The space is evolving very fast. It's growing fast, and it poses great and tremendous opportunities 
in front of us. Thank you once again for keeping faith in us. See you next quarter. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
