 
 
 
  Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
Corporate Headquarters 
M A Road, Srinagar 190001 
Kashmir, India 
CIN: L65110JK1938SGC000048 
T +91 (0)194 248 3775 
F +91 (0)194 248 1928 
W www.jkbank.com  
E board.sectt@jkbmail.com 
 
 
Board Secretariat 
            Ref:-JKB/BS/F3652/2022/36 
            Date: 17th May, 2022 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza  5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1  G-Block   
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (E)  Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: J&KBANK 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001    
Scrip Code:532209 
 
 
SUB:-   Transcript of Conference Call held on May 12, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In furtherance to our letter No. JKB/BS/F3652/2022/031 dated May 10, 2022 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings call held on  May 12, 2022 by 
the Bank in relation to the financial results of the Bank for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2022. 
 
The Transcript / Audio of the Call can also be accessed on the Bank’s website at the following link: 
 
https://www.jkbank.com/investor/analystInteraction/investorConferenceCalls.php 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination.  
 
Thanking you 
 
 Yours faithfully  
 
     For Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
         
       
 
    (Mohammad Shafi Mir)  
     Company Secretary   
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“J&K Bank Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BALDEV PRAKASH – MD & CEO, J&K BANK 
MS. RAJNI SARAF – CFO, J&K BANK 
MR. ASHUTOSH SARIN – CREDIT HEAD, J&K BANK 
MR. ALTAF KIRA – HEAD (RISK), J&K BANK 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED. 
 
 
 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to J&K Bank Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”and then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Hi. Thanks, Inba. Hello, and good evening to everyone. Welcome to the J&K Bank Q4 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. 
I would like to thank the management team for giving us the opportunity to host the Q4 FY22 
Earnings Call. From the management team we have with us today, Mr. Baldev Prakash – MD 
and CEO, and his entire top management team. 
We’ll start the call with brief opening remarks on FY22 and Q4 FY22 numbers. And then new 
MD and CEO will lay down his strategy. And then we'll open the floor for Q&A. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Baldev sir for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Baldev Prakash: 
Thank you, Renish. And a very good afternoon and warm welcome to all the participants for the 
investor brief of the J&K Bank for March 2022. Along with me, my CFO – Rajni Saraf; 
Ashutosh Sarin – Credit Head; and Mr. Altaf Kira – Head of Risk are there. 
As this is my first interaction with you after having assumed the role and responsibility as 
Managing Director and CEO of the J&K Bank, I would like to briefly introduce myself at the 
outset. 
My name is Baldev Prakash. I'm a career Banker with over 3 decades of service in the largest 
public sector Bank that is State Bank of India, where after joining as a Probationary Officer in 
1991, I have had the experience of working in various roles including the Branch Head, Regional 
Head, and the Module Head in GM Network. And before joining my duties here in J&K Bank, 
I was discharging my duties as Chief General Manager of Digital and Transaction Banking at 
SBI corporate office, Mumbai. 
Now moving over to my current assignment as MD and CEO of J&K Bank that I assumed on 
30th December ’21, I would like to share with you my preliminary understanding of the 
institution, its unique characteristics, strengths, opportunities, and challenges. As I have to 
present the findings of the diagnostics carried out by me since my joining the institution, my 
vision and strategic plan to further capitalize on the strength, reinforce the financial soundness 
while addressing the concerns, this presentation may take a little extra time, which may curtail 
the time for question-and-answer session. I would request you’re a patient listening from you 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
please. Backed by a rich legacy of over 8 decades, the Bank has carved out a special position for 
itself in the financial landscape of J&K and Ladakh. The brand recognition and the recall of the 
Bank in this geography is unparalleled, and is truly a household name, convincingly maintaining 
the market leadership tag with over 65% of the market share. UT government ownership further 
enhances the brand value and credibility of the Bank. J&K Bank has assumed strategic and 
systemic importance for the UTs of J&K and Ladakh as the major provider of finance, especially 
to agriculture and allied activities, and MSME to keep the wheels of economy turning and 
helping entrepreneurs to realize their economic pursuits. 
The Bank enjoys captive clientele of government employees and pensioners, who in addition to 
maintaining their salary accounts with the Bank also significantly contribute to lucrative and 
healthy personal finance segment as borrowers. Owing to the extensive outreach of the Bank 
over the length and breadth of the twin UTs, it has been able to build an unmatched liability 
franchise which continues to grow with every passing day, a CASA share ranking among the 
best in industry and extremely stable retail deposit component confers a cost edge to the Bank, 
which has all along been reflected in comparatively better NIMs, which could be further 
leveraged in the competitive pricing of loans. 
Designation as agency Bank for government Banking transactions of J&K and Ladakh and lead 
Bank responsibilities in 12 of of the 20 districts of J&K also provides additional armory to the 
Bank for maneuvering the tide to its advantage. The average household debt in J&K compares 
favorably with the neighboring states being significantly lower than Himachal and Haryana or 
national average thus offering ample opportunities for further financial deepening, especially in 
the agriculture, high density farming, allied agriculture activities like dairy, sheep farming, 
fisheries and apiculture, housing, tourism, infra, mini hydro and unconventional power projects, 
etc. With low penetration of financial services, the area offers significant opportunities for other 
financial services like insurance, assets & wealth management, depository services, broking, etc. 
The Bank has adequate infrastructure and footprint across the geography to capitalize on these 
opportunities. These growth avenues exist in the business-as-usual phenomenon in this 
geography. However, going forward, there is expected to be a big add on effect as an outcome 
of the ambitious initiatives of the J&K Government to attract sizeable domestic as well as foreign 
investment in the sectors like real estate, horticulture, tourism, healthcare, and other 
infrastructure.  
The area which would require special focus is the NPA management where all the avenues for 
effecting recovery shall have to be vigorously pursued to ensure worthwhile recovery and 
unlocking of valuable capital. 
The Bank has been recording abnormal SMA figures though the slippages from the portfolio has 
been restricted. This area of concern also needs to be addressed directly through concerted 
campaigns sensitizing the borrowers to maintain financial discipline and a better repayment 
record, which would entail benefits like better rating and pricing, easy access to enhanced 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
financing or add-on and complementary facilities, etc, while also putting in place the deterrents 
for delinquencies.  
Growing business in the rest of India geography and evolving strategies for making the outside 
of J&K branches to adequately contribute to the bottom line of the Bank is on the top of our 
agenda. We can replicate our success stories in agri lending and personal finance in J&K in 
select markets in the rest of India and complement the business volumes by taking exposure to 
small and mid-corporate good rated borrowers and public sector units. 
Increasing share of non-fund business and augmenting our non-interest revenue streams is being 
strategized and duly incorporated in our business plans, supplementing the revenue streams with 
adequate tabs on the controllable expenditure shall result in improving efficiency of the 
resources and finally, moderation of the cost to income ratio to the desired level. Here I would 
like to state that the cost to income ratio of the Bank in J&K and Ladakh is in the lower 40s 
while the drag is coming from the rest of India business which needs to be specifically addressed. 
Capital adequacy is another area that we need to focus on. We are figuring at the lower end of 
the spectrum when it comes to CRAR, especially common equity Tier 1. The Bank augmented 
its capital by Rs. 1,100 crore during the financial year ‘22 by way of preferential allotment of 
Rs. 500 crore to the promoters, Rs. 150 crore raised via ESPS, Rs. 93 crore via QIP and Rs. 360 
crore as Tier 2 bonds. The response to the QIP was below the expected level, owing to the 
geopolitical strife which dampened the market sentiment. 
Now, I would like to briefly take you through the initiatives that have either been rolled out 
during the quarter 4 of financial year ‘22 and the ones on the anvil for launch. The Board of 
Directors has been reconstituted with induction of more independent directors having expertise 
in finance, accountancy, information technology. Compliance with all the regulatory 
prescriptions with regard to Board and Committees thereof is ensured including the chairing of 
the Board meeting by an Independent Director, thus splitting off post of Chairman and Managing 
Director has been achieved. Delegation of powers has been reviewed and the committee 
approach for taking material decisions has been adopted in line with industry best practices. 
Succession planning of the top management level is currently underway to ensure desired 
focused attention and oversight of all the verticals and business lines for achievement of the 
corporate objectives in each and every segment while avoiding any conflict of interest. We have 
also placed President level functionaries to oversee and drive credit and business operations 
while maintaining proximity with the operating levels at regional levels for rest of India and 
Jammu region. We have also operationalized 3 clusters offices in rest of India in Lucknow, 
Mohali, and Bangalore for driving business growth at these centers.  
We also conducted a strategic conclave to identify the potential future leader and to evolve 
strategies through collective thinking for addressing the areas of concern. The annual business 
plan for financial year ’22 - ‘23 was formulated well before the start of the financial year and 
promptly communicated to the operating levels to ensure a head start. We have reviewed the 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
business model in the rest of India and have put in a plan seeking to leverage the network 
efficiently while aiming to gain traction in business growth, more sweating for increased 
productivity with improved profitability. While the majority of the branches in rest of India shall 
focus on Retail, MSME and FOREX business while some designated corporate business units 
would focus on increasing volumes through good rated small and mid-size corporates and PSUs. 
The strategy has already started yielding results as for the first time after a number of consecutive 
quarters of degrowth, the rest of India credit portfolio has grown by over 6% on a Q-on-Q basis 
during Q4 of financial year ’22. A process of monthly business and recovery reviews has been 
institutionalized to ensure that the growth momentum is consistently maintained every day, 
every week, every month, and every quarter. We have rolled out 2 special OTS schemes targeting 
NPA accounts of up to Rs. 15 lakh and 15 lakh to 5 crore, respectively. The response so far has 
been very good and we are expecting to resolve NPAs amounting to over Rs. 200 crore under 
these schemes during the current quarter. In addition, we have redoubled our efforts to pursue 
recovery of NPAs vigorously. By employing all available avenues, we are targeting to bring 
down gross NPA of the Bank to around 6% level by the end of the year. 
Friends, our treasury operations which had been shifted to Srinagar on experimentation basis has 
been relocated at the commercial hub, Mumbai to reinstall market connect, vibrancy and profit 
center orientation.  
The fresh capital infusion during the financial year supplemented by ploughing back of the profit 
has resulted in capital buffers improving to 180 basis points over the regulatory minimum. 
However, we are looking forward to further augment the capital base during the current financial 
year maybe after putting in a couple of good quarterly results which shall improve the pricing 
and attractiveness of the Bank stock. The J&K UT government has earmarked Rs. 200 crore in 
the annual 2023 budget for infusion of further capital in the Bank. However, instead of increasing 
the promoter stake, we would like to increase the public holding.  
On the IT and digital front, we are on the cusp of completing rollover to advanced core Banking 
solution, Finacle 10, total centralization and automation of account opening and loan processing, 
loan appraisal for all personal loans, full automation of EWS framework while we have already 
migrated to an advanced version of mPAY, which is our mobile payment app. Automatic 
auditing, upgrading of MIS with real time dashboards as part of a decision support system and 
improved internal control to name a few. We are targeting to achieve a digital to total transaction 
ratio of 85% to 90% by the year end, thereby gaining higher operational excellence, reducing 
costs to serve, and releasing more resources for marketing assignments.  
We also took some tough calls during the last quarter to reduce the stress in the balance sheet 
and also on the profit and loss to pave way for a better and sustained performance going forward. 
For classification of NPAs, we recognized even the non-financial infirmities like pending stock 
statement submission, audited financials that cause delay in renewal of such loans, though not 
being 90 days past to on financial obligations. Earlier during the financial year, the Board of the 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Bank had approved creating a corpus aggregating to Rs. 319.36 crore on voluntary basis for 
pension liabilities on account of medical allowance and variable pay though this was not 
mandated under AS15. The board had approved funding this corpus over a period of 5 years 
starting from financial year 21-22. The Bank had made contributions of Rs. 48 crore toward this 
fund during the first 3 quarters of financial year ‘22. We took a call to fully fund the corpus 
during this year itself, thus providing the remainder of Rs. 271 crore fully during the quarter 4 
so that we are not precluded from declaration of dividends in the financial year ‘23 and beyond, 
when we are envisaging better results and resumption of dividend payments to our shareholders.  
Coinciding with the reformative business processes initiated within the Bank, we are witnessing 
some positive changes in the overall business environment. The pandemic is ebbing. Economic 
activity is gaining traction. J&K UT is receiving a huge number of tourists and a good season 
seems to be in offing - overall a promising start for the financial year 2023.  
My focus during the first few months at the helm of this Bank was on revamping the structure, 
the business model, growth strategies and firmly put in place a framework that can lead this 
institution to truly realizing its potential by capitalizing on its unique attributes and core 
competencies. 
I will now briefly run through the financial numbers of the Bank in Q4 and financial year ended 
March 22: 
The Bank has clocked a YoY growth of 6% in deposits and 5% in advances. The growth in Q4 
has been promising with deposits growing at 5% Q on Q and advances 3% Q on Q. The demand 
deposits have grown at an impressive rate of 14% during the quarter 4, but the highlight is the 
6% Q on Q growth in the loan book and rest of India after witnessing countless consecutive 
quarters of degrowth. 
Our CASA at 56.56% is among the best in the industry, which lends us a cost edge as our cost 
of deposit is 3.65% for the year. Despite providing for some exceptional items, as I mentioned 
earlier, we have been able to register Rs. 500 crore plus profit figures for the financial year 
delivering a 16% YoY growth after 7 years of muted profitability. Our NIM remained stable and 
at a healthy level of 3.5%. 
On the asset quality, we have improved our gross NPA to 8.67% that is 100 basis points down 
from the previous year. Likewise, there has been improvement in net NPA from 2.95% in ‘21 to 
2.49% as on March 22, and the provision coverage ratio from 81.97% to the current level at 
84.26%. And capital adequacy has also improved by 103 basis points over last year to 13.23% 
providing a headroom for the growth.  
Anticipating improvement in the operating environment, our guidance for the year ‘22- ‘23 will 
be deposit growth of about 12% to 15%, advances growth of about 15% with J&K UT growing 
at about 20%. Net recovery is in the range of Rs. 1,000 crore, credit cost of below 1%. 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
We acknowledge your support and trust and we expect it to continue in the coming days. I'm 
looking forward to more interactions with the analysts and investors in the days to come. We are 
also contemplating to host an investor and analyst meet during the second or third quarter 
wherein we would like you to personally feel and observe the business environment in our home 
turf to gauge the systemic relevance of the Bank for the twin UTs of J&K and Ladakh which in 
turn confers on it a value proposition which needs to be acknowledged and unlocked.  
We can take some questions regarding the strategic plan as I have will presented. 
For any queries regarding the numbers, you can always contact our investor relation department, 
and we shall be glad to respond to it. We always look forward to your guidance and advice for 
improving our working. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We'll take the first question from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, there's just a couple of things, okay. So, one is that we all are aware about our full liability 
franchise in J&K. But when it comes to the asset side, we have our own learning curve on the 
asset side. So, briefly, if you can throw some light, let's say, on the asset side which product will 
be your focus product going ahead and which geographies you will target to grow that product, 
sir? 
Baldev Prakash: 
Good question. Renish, actually, all the segments like agriculture, retail as well as MSME will 
be on our focus and the stages we have decided that already we have with Phone Pe Loan which 
is a digital loan for the employees of department only of J&K government. So, now, the Phone 
Pe Loan facility that a digital loan has been rolled out to all the government departments and 
going forward in a month or so, we will be rolling out to all corporates of the J&K government. 
So, that is one and then going forward, we will be approaching the Ladakh UT also so that the 
employees of that UT also are covered under this scheme. And the effort is that all the retail 
loans are done through digital mode only. And we are going forward, we are now very 
aggressively working for the AMTs, advances monitoring team because as of now, as you know, 
that the assets in the MSMEs are basically spread out and the credit risk is spread out across 
geographies. So, from 1st of June, all the teams will be specialized teams will be headed by the 
relationship manager and the team will be owning a number of accounts of 30 to 35, and it will 
be supported by the Credit Support Officer. So, these teams will be exclusively responsible for 
maintenance, growth, and audit related issues of the MSME, which will give us definitely edge 
and it will further improve the quality of our portfolio. 
Renish Bhuva: 
 And sir, any growth numbers would you like to guide for. 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Baldev Prakash: 
As I've already told, we are looking for around 12% to 15% growth as far as the deposits is 
concerned, and we are looking for around 15% of growth in advances during the current year 
and in the J&K UT, we are expecting a growth of 20% in advances. 
Renish Bhuva: 
And just the last question from my side on the margin. So, we already entered the rising interest 
cycle. So, looking at your asset mix and your deposit profile, how should the margin trajectory 
going ahead, I mean do you foresee a margin expansion or, let's say, margin will remain static 
at around current level, sir. 
Baldev Prakash: 
So, Renish, what we are thinking is that our NIM should be in this range only because our CASA 
portfolio is quite strong and we are confident that this will be maintained at around 56%, 57% 
level, and the credit growth which is expected mainly in the retail segment and agriculture 
segment. So, we are confident that it will be maintained in the similar range. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, our SA rate is linked to the benchmark rate or how is it sir? 
Baldev Prakash: 
It is both, it’s external also as well as MCLR also. I think around 40% is external and 60% is 
MCLR. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, I’m saying SA rate, not the asset book. 
Baldev Prakash: 
Pardon. Renish, you have to repeat. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, this saving rates are linked to the repo rate or it is the fixed rate pool. 
Baldev Prakash: 
The saving rate as of now is fixed, and then with respect to RLR, that’s linked to the repo rate, 
repo linked lending rate, that’s the external benchmark rate. Our Risk Head is responding to this 
question, Renish. 
Altaf Kira: 
 
So, if we look at it with respect to the margins, I think the margins are settling as sir 
rightly said, because due to the hardening of the interest rates there, because of our rate sensitive 
assets are at higher end. So, it will give some benefit of that and going forward, the margins will 
be higher than this.  
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Gaurav from Bowhead India. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
I think it's a long time that we have had a stable CEO at the helm. So, I’m sure that with your 
presence we achieve the numbers which we had all been waiting for the last 5, 6 years. Sir, with 
that, what about your capital raising plan, if you can highlight, so since we are already low on 
the CET1, what are our plans on the equity? 
Baldev Prakash: 
As I have covered in my opening remarks, so last year it is around Rs. 1,100 crore, Rs. 1,103 
crore of the capital, and the same effort will continue this year also. Government of J&K is 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
expected to provide around Rs. 200 crore which they have already budgeted and once after a 
quarter or so, we are confident that our rating will be improving with the growth in the 
profitability as well as in the business. So, we will be again reaching and going to the market for 
raising capital in Tier 1 as well as in Tier 2. 
Gaurav: 
Sir, in terms of your operating profit, do you have any targets for FY23? Like for FY22, you 
generated Rs. 1,369 crore of operating profit. Do you have any target for FY23? 
Baldev Prakash: 
So, this year actually Gaurav, our operating profit has been impacted because of this provision 
which was amortize for 5 years, but we have covered it in this year itself. So, that is amount of 
around Rs. 270 crore. 
Gaurav: 
Sir, that is anyways part of the exceptional items, right? It is not the operating profit. The 
operating profit which I am referring to Rs. 1,370 crore odd, that is excluding the exceptional 
item of Rs. 270 crore. 
Baldev Prakash: 
That has affected this quarter’s operating profit. So, going forward, we are confident of achieving 
appropriate profit of – so we are expecting Gaurav a 25% growth excluding this one-time item 
from this year. 
Gaurav: 
And sir, you mentioned 1% for FY23. Sir, can you hint at the absolute number since there is 
some confusion, some Banks leave it on assets, some Banks leave it on advances. What does, 
sir 1% translate to in terms of absolute number? 
Baldev Prakash: 
I'm sorry, Gaurav, please. Can you repeat? I’m not able to hear correctly. 
Gaurav: 
Sir, in your credit cost, you gave a guidance that for 1% credit cost for FY23. I wanted to check 
the absolute number here, that 1% translates to what kind of absolute number for credit cost with 
the provision line item in your P&L. 
Management: 
Actually, Gaurav, the ageing requirement for the year ’23, it is below Rs. 500 crore. Usually, we 
have made additional provisions for a number of accounts for the current year also. So, their 
liability will be less than Rs. 500 crore. So, actually the credit cost will be below 1%. Though 
we have given a conservative figure of 1%, it will be much below that figure. 
Gaurav: 
So, 1% wouldn't mean what, Rs. 500 crore. 
Management: 
Less than Rs. 500 crore. 
Gaurav: 
And sir, in terms of your employee cost, on a full year basis, that has gone by % around 18%. 
So, for FY23, how do you see that line item? 

 
J&K Bank 
May 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Baldev Prakash: 
Actually, Gaurav, that is a matter of concern for us actually because we are among the high cost 
to income ratio, mainly contributed by employee costs. So, one is that that that productivity of 
the employees, as we have covered that marketing teams will be now strengthened and rolled 
out in all the zones of the Bank. And the productivity and profitability of the employees will be 
in focus, number one. Number two, the areas which I think need more focus is the increase of 
income, non-interest income as well as other income of the Bank, that will also improve the cost 
to income ratio. And plus wherever that income leakages are there in the form of commitment 
charges or processing charges, etc, that will be blocked proactively. 
Gaurav: 
And sir, lastly, what's the modified duration for our investment book? 
Baldev Prakash: 
Just a moment. I’ll let my -- Risk Head will be responding this. Just a moment please. 
Altaf Kira: 
Our AFS portfolio is very small as on date, most of the securities in AFS are short dated, that is 
the CDs mostly and the T bills. So, actually, those won't have much of an impact there. The 
maturity over there is less than 1 year. And definitely the modified duration is far below 1. So, 
those won’t actually have the impact of this hardening of interest rate with much effect there, 
because actually, these discounted papers and very short-term papers. In fact, AFS group is 
purely consisting of these securities as on date. We were actually anticipating there will be some 
north way movement of the interest rates, the interest rates were actually bottoming out. So, we 
were not taking any positions. We were not building our HTM book over the last 1 or 2 years 
actually. That is why the yields from our investment group were also a bit low, because we were 
actually going with the short term investments only, and Treps lending and other lending. So, as 
you see, we were actually anticipating the rates to go up and then there would have been erosion 
of value. Now, we have started building this HTM book also with high coupon securities with 
better yield. So, over this period the yields will also improve. We had a lot of surplus, and the 
surplus now being deployed, at better rates, we’ll see a better return and the interest income will 
definitely improve over this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference back to the management of J&K Bank for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Baldev Prakash: 
 Thank you, ma'am. And as I have stated already in my opening remarks, the Bank is on the 
growth trajectory now. And whatever the stress was there in the loan book has already been 
booked and we are well capitalized also as compared to the last year. Of course, that effort will 
continue. And the provision coverage ratio is quite healthy. And so that Bank is bound to achieve 
new heights during this year. So, I request all support from all our stakeholders. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
