 
 
 
 
 
Date: May 17, 2022 
 
To 
The Department of Corporate Services –CRD 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd 
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (E),  
MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 509675/HIL; Through Listing Centre 
Scrip Symbol: HIL: Through NEAPS 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Schedule of Analyst / Investor Call held on May 10, 2022. 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations). 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 05, 2022, Please find attached the Transcript of 
Analyst / Investor conference call held on May 10, 2022. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46, the aforesaid intimation and Transcript of the Investor Call is also 
available in the Company’s website i.e., ww.hil.in/investors. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking You 
for HIL LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
Mahesh Thakar 
Company Secretary &  
Head of Legal. 
 
MAHESH 
MADHUKA
R THAKAR
Digitally signed by MAHESH MADHUKAR 
THAKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=1bf7d6da65d8aa67fbccb2de69a
7fa2920daf63fb91e6fe11373adebcc9b84
8f, postalCode=411040, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=d5fce31eb175be5daf255b
740175c045d6be877064b4af269199cf924
2749f2e, cn=MAHESH MADHUKAR 
THAKAR 
Date: 2022.05.17 15:36:00 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
   
     
HIL Limited  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 10, 2022 
 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to HIL Limited's quarter four and FY22 
earnings conference call for investors and analysts. Today, we have with us Mr. 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary, Managing Director and CEO of the company; Mr. KR 
Veerappan, CFO; Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Vice President – Finance and Accounts.  
  
We will first have Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary making opening comments and he 
would be followed by Mr. Veerappan, who will bring out financial perspectives. 
 
Before we commence, I wish to state that some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward looking in nature. And details in this regard are 
available in the earnings presentation, which has been shared with you. 
 
I shall call upon Mr. Roy Choudhary to present his views now. Thank you, and 
over to you, Dhirup. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to HIL's 
Q4 and FY22 earnings call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today, and I 
sincerely hope that all of you are doing well. I am happy to share that we have 
closed FY22 with a 26% growth in top-line on a standalone level and 16% growth 
at consolidated level, and have reached a top-line of nearly $0.5 billion. This is 
driven by a committed response by our dedicated teams to various business 
headwinds. While the flooring segment countered non-availability and pricing of 
HDF / MDF boards, we have observed inflation build up across other key inputs 
in every other business segments. However, we believe these challenges are 
transient and as these situational adversities recede, we will regain our focus on 
profitable volume growth. 
 
I will now take you all through the individual performance of each businesses. 
The roofing solution business saw yet another quarter of good performance, 
marking a seasonal upside. Given our brand supremacy and strong product 
attributes, we have been successful at gaining market share, even as we took 
price increments. In line with the overall economy trend, the business has seen 
a certain pickup in the cost of cement, fly ash, fiber, and sea freight. 
 
Our teams have been working on various avenues of cost reduction methodically 
including looking at alternative raw materials and recipes. This is being done at 
HIL for few quarters now and hence, despite the shortcomings on the supply 
side, we have been able to grow our market share with little impact on margins. 
 
Last year, the monsoon was better on the back of which our optimistic outlook 
for sales in the present quarter holds strong. Our leadership extends across 
pricing, quality, distribution, and connects, and we are striving to better our 
performance this quarter as well. Our non-asbestos roofing Charminar Fortune 
brand continues to garner business growth and robust traction in the market 
where volumes have shown improvements. Since last one year, our team has 
been graduating production towards unit care, which comes with better 

                                                                      Page 2 of 18                           
                               
manufacturing efficiency thereby aiding our competitiveness. We are confident 
in maintaining our status as industry leader in roofing segment as well as the 
supply bottlenecks and inflation ease, we will certainly regain our profitability as 
well. 
 
Coming to the Building Solutions segment, your company was able to deliver a 
robust performance in FY22 compared to FY21. Revenue grew by 44% and PBT 
grew by 86%. We are witnessing very high rates of utilization of capacity. Our 
next growth lever will be geographic expansion in east and capacity 
enhancement in existing plants. Amidst raw material inflation, the real estate and 
building materials industry has actually seen a healthy demand and we are 
confident that we will be able to maintain our growth trajectory on the back of our 
strategy for this business. 
 
In polymer solution business, margins remain under pressure due to volatility of 
resin prices and high cost of other chemicals and polymers. PVC prices have 
come down during this quarter, leading to an element of inventory loss. The putty 
business too is impacted by the higher material cost and competition. However, 
our strategy of geographic expansion continues to help us better growth. We 
witnessed a healthy 36% growth and have successfully crossed the INR 500 
crore revenue mark last year. 
 
The challenges were far more in European context, where Parador faced a huge 
scarcity of raw material, and a doubling of key raw material costs. Other 
challenges like increase in energy cost, and tripling of sea freight impacted the 
operations. Yet, Parador registered growth in top-line over last year on an entire 
year basis. Our European team has taken determined effort towards of making 
multiple selling price escalations across product categories, entering long-term 
supply contracts with key dependable raw material suppliers, improving product 
mix, and continuously working on cost base, which have all supported towards 
partially offsetting the impact of cost adversities. 
 
As a result of all of this, as committed earlier, we could register good sales in 
Q4. However, towards the end of the year, the geopolitical crisis between Russia 
and Ukraine as well as the severe COVID spread in China have brought in new 
challenges, which has impacted the availability of wood products, vinyl products, 
increased energy, and freight costs. Relentless efforts are being made to 
mitigate these challenges by developing new wood suppliers to reduce 
dependency on Ukraine. Parador continues to expand in Europe at a very good 
rate. Globally, China continues to be an important market for us, while plans for 
further global expansions are still on the table.  
 
We remain optimistic on the potential of Parador becoming global brand, catering 
to the growing needs of customers all over the world. We are orienting the 
business for a global growth curve. As we tap new countries, our approach is 
deliberate and we ensure that we understand local nuances in order to maximize 
the opportunities. We believe we have a strong trademark on design and quality, 
and this gives us the ability to price our products well. The coming years will be 
most exciting for Parador. 
 
Overall, in this tough inflationary and volatile times, we have demonstrated 26% 
sales growth in domestic and 18% EBITDA growth, maintained the EBITDA 
margins at 14% and increased market share in all segments in domestic market. 
The fabric of HIL is intact and we are well on way to achieve the goal of becoming 
a $1 billion Company by 2026, serving as a one-stop building material solutions 
company with both domestic and global presence. 
 
The Birla brand has a reputation for quality and is one of the most well-known 
brands in the country. These factors combined with our strategies and valuable 

                                                                      Page 3 of 18                           
                               
experience gained in the last few years has helped ensure business growth 
despite all the challenges and we are committed to continue leveraging this 
going forward. 
 
I would like to thank all the stakeholders for their sustained support in helping us 
close yet another successful financial year. 
 
Thank you for your patient hearing, I would like to hand over the call to my CFO, 
Mr. Veerappan. As you all know, Veerappan is moving on from the organization, 
and I would like to take this moment to thank him and appreciate his valuable 
contribution for all these years. Over to you, Veerappan. 
 
KR Veerappan: 
Thank you, Dhirup. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you all once again for 
attending HIL Limited's Q4 and FY22 earnings call. I hope that you and your 
loved ones are safe and healthy. 
 
I will now take you all through the financial and operating highlights of the 
company in Q4 FY22. We have successfully closed FY22 with 16% growth at a 
consolidated level in the year, coming in at INR 3,520 crore, which is $0.5 billion. 
PBT grew by 1% amidst the higher raw material costs and margin pressures 
persistent almost throughout the year and was recorded at INR 295 crore. 
 
Moving on to the quarter in Q4 FY22 revenue was recorded at INR 949 crore, 
having grown by 12% year-on-year, and 16% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA grew 
by 12% quarter-on-quarter, coming in at INR 96 crore. PAT for the quarter stood 
at INR 51 crore. Roofing Solutions revenues grew at 5% year-on-year, which is 
INR 241 crore in Q4 FY22, and for the first time, crossed INR 1,000 crore 
revenue in the whole year in FY22, growing by 17% year-on-year. As Dhirup 
stated, despite margin pressure, we have yet again seen an increase in our 
market share. We continue to bolster our position as a leading Indian roofing 
industry on the back of such performances. 
 
The Building Solutions business grew by 20% year-on-year and 9% quarter-on-
quarter during the quarter, coming in at INR 115 crore. For FY22, revenue for 
this segment stood at INR 400 crore, having grown by 44%. We have been able 
to minimize the impact of high inflation in raw material prices in this segment 
through strategic pricing and cost saving mechanisms. 
 
Polymer Solution business grew by 13% year-on-year to INR 137 crore in Q4. In 
FY22, the business grew by 36%. I am glad to share that this year, we have 
crossed revenue of INR 500 crore and are hopeful of this number to continue 
expanding in the future. With the introduction of new SKUs, increasing volume 
and prudent pricing, and adding new distributors, we have been able to grow this 
business to where it stands today and will continue to do so. 
 
The Flooring Solutions business growing by 16% year-on-year and 22% quarter-
on-quarter stood at INR 454 crore in Q4. For the year, it has achieved a revenue 
of INR 1,549 crore, having grown by 5%. We continue to adapt to the current 
conditions and are focused on growing into Europe as well as globally. 
 
Our constant endeavor to keep the cash focused approach in the businesses 
has supported once again to maintain a healthy balance sheet. The debt has 
been reduced by INR 120 crore in FY22 and now stands at INR 288 crore at the 
consolidated level, and INR 25 crore interest bearing debt in HIL India. However, 
as on date, HIL in India has become once again a debt free organization. The 
total debt to equity ratio improved to 0.25 on 31st March 2022 as compared to 
0.41 as on 31st March 2021. 
 

                                                                      Page 4 of 18                           
                               
HIL's net worth stands at INR 1,166 crore, registering a growth of 17% over last 
year. HIL is making significant strides towards the goal of becoming a $1 billion 
company, even in the current economic scenario. Apart from the pressure on 
margins due to the inflation in input prices, the businesses delivered very strong 
growth. We fully expect the margins to recover in the coming quarters as this 
situation gets resolved. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks and I thank once again 
for all the support and I would like to thank Dhirup also for the support he has 
been giving me all these years. Thank you once again. I request the moderator 
to open the floor for any questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from 
Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Mr. Choudhary, good evening, sir and given the challenges had been, congrats 
to you and the team on a very strong quarter registration. What is the 
environment in the domestic roofing segment looking right now? We have seen 
segmental margin pressure here. If you could highlight the areas that we were 
inflationary for us and importantly, how the growth and margin profile is looking 
for the coming quarter? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you very much. I must say that the margins have been low last quarter, 
and were significantly pulled down due to several material cost pressures, or 
headwinds that we had, whether its the fiber costs that went up, cement fly ash, 
pulp, the freight costs had almost tripled and all of that had its due course. There 
is only a finite bit that we could have done in improving the selling prices in the 
market and Q4 is always a build-up for Q1, and therefore, there is less availability 
of opportunity if I may say to increase the price. But in Q4, we have already 
raised our selling price by about 6% and we then prepared ourselves for Q1 one 
in every aspect. You would have also noticed that inventory levels were kept 
higher, and one of the reasons for that was for roofing to be better prepared to 
meet what we would estimate to be another bumper Q1 for us because the rains 
have been very good last year, and we believe that we would have a very 
important year ahead, including this quarter. 
 
So, I definitely see that this quarter has started well and we have raised another 
8% to 10% selling prices in this quarter. We have been able to penetrate the 
market even better than the last year by virtue of our last leg connect and the 
number of dealers, distributors, retailers that we have been able to build to our 
team. I definitely see that situation will continue to remain tough on material 
costs, but HIL's performance will definitely be better than the market. 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
That's good to know, sir. So with these 8% to 10% price hike, you think we will 
be in a position to pair our margins to where they were in the previous year, or 
would you reckon we have some ground to cover before the previous year’s 
margins are fully met? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  I would go for your second guess. Yes, there is some room to cover and we will 
continue to strive doing that. You see, overall the country, the market prices are 
not the same, and while we are determined to stay market leaders on selling 
prices and HIL being the market leader in roofing with close to 22% market share 
will dominate this market in every way due to its brand and quality. We will try 
and be opportunistic, not to lose our market share, and yet grow the prices. So 
this is a very, very dynamic balance that we maintain, Mr. Sarkar. And I assure 
you that any forward potential of increasing price will not go in a den. So HIL will 
continue to raise the price as the quarter progresses to meet up to the cost 
challenges. 
 

                                                                      Page 5 of 18                           
                               
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. Thanks for that. The rebound in Parador has been very sharp. Again, great 
execution here, given the environment and the geopolitical environment. What's 
the scene now with regard to margin improvement? Would you reckon that 
gradient will continue given recent shock in energy prices? And if you could also 
please delve upon where and how we stand on the HDF sourcing challenge and 
how things are looking there today? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Parador has been a very interesting and difficult story for us, and I have been 
extremely transparent all the time about all your businesses, and I will continue 
the same with Parador. So sometime middle of last year, we were facing, we 
didn’t have HDF / MDF, the prices were haywire, but more than that availability 
was not sufficient at all. And I have been keeping you fully informed, Mr. Sarkar, 
that we are trying our best first to remove one variable, which is the availability, 
and then we will go for the price. 
 
And I had given comfort to all of you that I believe by Q4, we will be coming to 
some balance on this HDF / MDF concern that the earlier two quarters had, and 
we were absolutely there. For Q4, we had material, we had orders, we had 
ramped up production in Europe, that's not easy but believe me, we are working 
exactly our style, Indian style, and we are working their style. So, it's a fantastic 
coalition.  
 
Q4 has been the best ever revenue quarter by Parador in any stretched history 
and that was very, very pleasing to us. But then came in this geopolitical Russia, 
Ukraine crisis and I am sure all of you all are updated. Ukraine supplies almost 
40% of Oak, Lamellas. Lamella is 3 and 4 millimeter thick Oak, and Ukraine is 
the supplier of 40% of the global supplies of Lamellas. And Oak is an imperative 
part of engineered wood, which is almost 30% revenue of Parador. And 80% of 
Lamellas that Parador buys come from Ukraine. As you can see we have sorted 
out one issue with HDF / MDF. And your last question was where are we. That 
has been sorted out. 
 
So the quantities have been all now committed, we have long-term supply 
agreements with some of the big, big HDF / MDF suppliers in Europe, which we 
have done over the last few quarters with me jumping in directly into it and that 
has helped the organization immensely. But we have a different problem now. 
The problem is, which was completely unacceptable and unprepared for was the 
Lamellas’ issue. So, I was in Europe for almost two and a half weeks, and we 
were trying to meet all suppliers that we could even think of, dream of around 
Europe, right up to Americas, and I am telling you, we are doing everything that 
we can to meet up even this challenge. Order book looks good in Parador. I can 
take pride in saying that the growth that we wanted to bring through exciting our 
sales to different countries outside Germany has worked very well last couple of 
years and the fruits are there for you to see. Spain has grown immensely last 
year. U.K. has grown immensely. China has grown, but still to really flower for 
us and we are waiting for COVID to really come down there. 
 
But we are aggressively working at getting orders and that's working well now. 
So the question is can we continue to get Lamellas from different countries? How 
can we safeguard materials, how can we keep up the revenue? So when I was 
looking at maybe a little bit of a restful period and same Q4, the challenges 
behind us. It doesn't seem that way. So to be objective, we will have to wait and 
watch. We don't know how the war is going to still pan out. We don't know what 
kind of challenges it would bring to Europe in way of inflation, gas prices, demand 
structure by consumers, at the moment the orders are flowing in for Parador, 
and we are happy, but I'll caution you to wait for another quarter or two to really 
ascertain that yes, we are back once again. 
 

                                                                      Page 6 of 18                           
                               
This is transient. Once we are back, the fabric is well constructed. Parador will 
grow and will double its sales. We are roughly about EUR 180 million turnover 
from EUR 140 million, which we were two years back, and we will ensure that 
we are moving towards EUR 350 million in the next three to four years’ time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Agarwal from Aequitas 
India. Please go ahead. 
 
Shubham Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Good evening to everyone. And firstly, I like to 
congratulate the entire team to post such a good number despite of the severe 
headwinds. Sir, my first question would be regarding Parador. So I would like to 
understand a bit more about the demand scenario because obviously, we know 
the cost of living has also gone up significantly in Europe because of the war. 
This being a discretionary product, obviously, it will face some demand 
challenges. So I wanted to understand what's the ground reality currently and 
what's your view regarding this? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you, Shubham. Thank you so much for asking these questions, and thank 
you for your appreciation. It means a lot. I must say that I am well aware that all 
the investors of HIL, all owners of HIL do not maybe have a direct approach to 
the European market, and therefore you may at times feel little helpless to 
understand the reality, but you have me, and your trust has always kept me alive. 
Let me give you the reality as we see in Europe. 
 
So, we have certainly a different challenge with the war. HDF / MDF problem is 
behind us, at least on the availability. The costs are still high, but it's only a matter 
of time when these costs will start sliding down. But the war has put lot more 
threats to us. There were lots of wood that were coming from Russia into Europe. 
There was, as I said, pure wood that is Oak, coming from Ukraine into Europe. 
Those we have to ensure availability from elsewhere. And that's a challenge and 
challenges keep us alive. So, we will go through that. 
 
Prices are high, but selling prices have been improved because we have been 
able to get into different areas, which is not Germany alone. It has helped us to 
construct our selling price direction very well. We have increased our selling 
price last year by 35% on wood products and 25% on the rest of the products. 
So, definitely, the selling price has gone up immensely in Parador, and we have 
been very opportunistic in picking up the orders. We still have a good order base. 
 
The other challenges, some of the existing product has to be reworked on. So, 
if we had HDF / MDF problem, we have to rework and come around and sell 
non-HDF/MDF products last year. Now we will have a wood problem possibility 
to solve that out and get into non-pure wood products. So, all of that the R&D is 
working immensely. The market still is holding on, but we will have to wait and 
watch. That will be my gauge on the markets, Shubham. 
 
Shubham Agarwal: 
So, what would be our current order backlog size around? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So, Shubham, a very healthy order backlog that Parador always carried was 
about 16-17 million Euros. We do have 16-17 million Euros order backlog as we 
talk now. But the order backlog has gone up for engineered wood and is lower 
for the other products that is vinyl and laminate. That not a comfort area because 
engineered wood orders have a long-drawn delivery, whereas laminates and 
vinyl have a shorter delivery. So we need more of vinyl and laminate orders to 
now plug on and that's what the team is doing so that the current monthly 
revenues can be cracked. April in Parador has not been a very good month on 
revenue, while it has been a fantastic month for the rest of India. But we are 
hopeful that we will climb on and make good all of this, Shubham. 
 

                                                                      Page 7 of 18                           
                               
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Khanna from Banyan 
Capital Advisory. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Good evening, sir, and congratulations for registering for strong set of numbers. 
So I just wanted to understand that in the current scenario, what are your margin 
expectations for the first half '23 from where we are right now? First. And second 
question was that in the 17% revenue growth that we have posted on a overall 
basis in FY22, would you be able to give us a break-up in the in price and the 
volume growth terms? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Well, your first question is on margins and how do I see this particular year 
proceeding, if I have heard you right. I think we are well poised for a decent 
margin this year itself, The exact numbers will be very difficult for me to 
pronounce here, sir, but I can only say that every adversity that we are facing on 
material costs, availability, and everything will be sorted out by this team. We will 
help this company to continue in its stream. That is point number one. 
 
The second question is on quantities versus prices for last year. Did I hear you 
right, Mohitji? 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Okay. So last year, more or less in quantity terms also, roofing has done 
fantastically well. As I mentioned, we have increased our market shares and now 
we are close to 22% in roofing. So quantities have done well. Selling prices have 
done well. Roofing has grown last year, so I think overall that also building 
materials selling prices have gone up in Q4 by cherry picking that we have done 
and this will continue. Therefore the margins for building materials and growth 
profile should continue. We are absolutely at the zenith of utilization there. So 
two things we are doing. One, of course, you have been kind to approve a new 
CAPEX in east. So we are proceeding with that CAPEX that's been slightly 
slower than our expectations because of COVID and other reasons, but it will 
inflame, I think by quarter three, quarter four we'll start delivering from that 
CAPEX. 
 
The other part that we are doing is on improving capacities in building materials 
in every plant by automation and small investments there to improve, IoT 4.0 is 
helping us immensely in also transparency and preventive maintenances of our 
machines. So that's helping another part of it. 
 
In the plumbing sector, of course, the prices had gone up extremely. So on pipes, 
we have delivered 19% growth, I think, on quantity and on overall, we have 
delivered 55% growth. Putty was slightly lower. So, overall, 35% growth in the 
plumbing sector is what you possibly see from your results. And Parador I have 
already talked about. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawala from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Hi Sir, Good afternoon. My first question is with reference to a comment made 
earlier in this call. In Q4, the roofing business has taken about a 6% price hike. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  That's right. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
So, was it a volume de-growth during the quarter? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  No, we have grown. We have grown in quarter on volume as well. 
 

                                                                      Page 8 of 18                           
                               
Alisha Mahawala: 
On Y-o-Y basis, I'm saying, with referring to the Q4 of last year. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  We have almost done the same volume, about 1% growth. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Okay, sure. And a couple of quarters ago, we were discussing this in the call that 
there is at an industry level an increase in capacity in the roofing space. Is this 
one of the references, which is probably impacting our volume growth or 
because of the increase in competitive intensity impacting our margins in this 
business? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So there are multiple questions you have asked and I will answer each one of 
them separately, Alisha, for clarity for you and for everyone. Yes, our competitors 
are increasing their capacity, but that's not at all a problem for HIL and I once 
again say it's not at all a problem for HIL. We will never increase capacity in 
asbestos roofing in HIL. We rather use your money for far better utilization. And 
so far as the competition is concerned, they are not able to get to those 
performances that our plants are delivering and those kinds of efficiencies that 
each machine is delivering. So we will never be dirt up quantities when it comes 
to selling and that's my commitment to you. So we have not de-grown, we have 
grown in asbestos, and we have taken more market share from about 19.5% to 
22% in one year's time. That's point number one. 
 
Point number two. Q4 always we are lower in market shares because we want 
to ramp up production during this time for a better Q1. So we prepare ourselves 
better for Q1 when the prices are at its peak, and we want to really maximize the 
utilization of inventory versus shares. Last year also Q1 was the bumper for us 
and this year also it will be so. So, we will not be staying back on account of any 
capacity constraints. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Understood, that's really helpful. Thank you. Also, is it possible to quantify what 
is the contribution from Charminar? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Contribution from Charminar, I couldn't understand that question of yours. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
What is the contribution to revenue? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Roofing is all about Charminar. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Sorry, I mean the non-asbestos... 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Non-asbestos is only a very tiny element we have. So, primarily it's Charminar 
there. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Understood. And just one last question, what is the capacity utilization in the 
polymers business currently? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Polymer business different plants have a different capacity utilization. Overall, 
we are about 60% utilization. Golan factory is slightly low around 51-52%. 
Faridabad is almost about 80% utilization and Thimmapur is almost 100% 
utilization. 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
And is there any CAPEX plans for FY23? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  For polymers? 
 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Yes. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Yes, so polymer will continue to grow. This is a business, which we have now 
touched INR 500 crore and you might remember just three to four years back, 

                                                                      Page 9 of 18                           
                               
we were INR 55 crore in this. So we have grown well. But the aspirations are far 
higher. So this business will be INR 1,500 crore in the next three to four years. 
So, INR 500 crore to INR 1,500 crore. Part of it will be from the organic growth 
levels from the existing machineries, and part of it will be new SKUs that we will 
continue to add. Last year, for instance, we have added 200 new SKUs in this 
business, and part of that is where you see the inventories of our polymer is quite 
high because these are new SKUs and we have to platform it that way. We will 
continue to add CAPEX wherever that is needed for range expansions on SKUs 
and grow this particular business, Alisha. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Shivan MS from JHP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Sir, my question is on the roofing business and specifically on industrial 
applications. So, sir, I was referring to our previous concalls and you had said 
that the industrial segment has more or less transitioned from the asbestos 
roofing to the non-asbestos and the other options available since 2005. So, sir, 
my question is that while this transition was going on, majority of the market 
share has been taken away from the asbestos by the metal roofing segment. So, 
sir, what is the reason for the non-asbestos cement roofs not being able to 
penetrate this market where the transition was going on? Because they are a 
much cheaper substitute compared to metal roofing. So that's my first question 
if you could just tell me this. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you, Shivan. Very, very strong question and very correct question. If there 
is one business where we have not been able to do as well to our expectation is 
this, which is the Fortune business. The reason was, we had gone for an 
autoclave technology earlier which was very, very high on costs, and we found 
very soon, that it is unsustainable. So then we went for the Humid Cure. Last 12 
months has been Humid Cure technology, which we were stabilizing. Remember 
this being roofing, Shivan, we can't go full out into the revenue, past 12 months 
application is overall the seasons are over and we are able to then understand 
whether our technology is very proven. Today it is proven. 
 
So you would see a ramp up on this business, definitely. Yes, the costs are still 
higher. But we are working on that regularly and we will position it. So last year, 
in the last third and fourth quarter, we did roughly about 5,000 metric tons every 
quarter. I am hoping that this year we would be able to see that number go up. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. Sir, thanks for the answer. Sir, my question was more from an industry 
perspective. So the industry as a whole, so not only from Charminar Fortune 
perspective. Rather than non-asbestos cement sheets being used in the 
industrial segment, during the transition that demand was swayed towards the 
metal roofs and the RCC construction market. So, sir, why did that happen? 
Because if we see the characteristics of a cement roof, they are much less on 
the noise, much better in terms of heat resistance, etc. Then why do people 
prefer metal roofs compared to non-asbestos cement roofs? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Shivan, you are absolutely right. The market should have been taken full time by 
non-asbestos cement roofing than steel. The reason is very clear there weren’t 
any other products in the Country. So there is no other supplier which is making 
Fortune as well as we do, the non-asbestos roofing sheet. So we came up with 
this technology, primarily to ascertain our future in case asbestos goes out of the 
market. But at the moment, we definitely see there is a good potential for us to 
be sold to industrial customers and we are the only one which are doing this in 
big numbers. The others maybe have some product, which is 3,000 / 2,000 tons 
in a year, which is as good as not being there. So the answer to your question is 
non-availability of the right product in past allowed this market to go to steel and 
the future will be Fortune for us. 

                                                                      Page 10 of 18                           
                             
 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Great. And sir, if you could just give a broad idea about the market size in the 
industrial application and the broad breakup between cement, metal, and RCC, 
if that's possible? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:   No, it's a tough question for me, Shivan, because we are not in those markets, 
we will not be able to address the whole market. I can say the steel sheet market 
will be as big as the asbestos market for roofing. So there is a big, big room for 
non-asbestos products to capture there. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is on the Building Solutions business. Sir, 
we've done about INR 400 crore of top-line. Sir, could you give a broad breakup 
of how much is in blocks, boards, and panels for the year? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So blocks is majority out of the INR 400 crore. Roughly about INR 250 crore is 
blocks. The rest of them is panels and boards, and we are growing in all the 
segments. So we are 100% utilized on capacity for blocks as well as boards, and 
panels. And, therefore, the new plant is being set up in East for enhancing this 
capacity, plus, as I mentioned, we have also taken some actions on automation 
as well as through IoT 4.0 to enhance this capacities. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Jethwani from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. Firstly on the flooring business, how is the 
competitive intensity in Europe now? And in last one year many headwinds, 
actually, so what steps do we have taken to stand out from the competition? 
What are those steps which we have taken? This is my first question. Second is 
on the building material waste disposal policy in Europe. I guess it's a concern, 
somewhere I was reading. How do you see this? So these are my two questions. 
Thank you. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Okay. So thank you, Sagar, for your question. First of all, competitive intensity 
of the flooring business and what steps we have taken. The competition is pretty 
loud and clear in Europe. In Germany, we are number one in flooring with the 
brand and the penetration that we have in both DIY as well as projects business. 
Austria, we are very, very strong again in flooring. We are not a big player in the 
other countries of Europe. Therefore, there is good potential for us to grow. 
Spain, we have now taken a good positioning. The last two years, whatever we 
have done has gained us to come to the second positioning in Spain. The other 
part is France, U.K., where we have small players and we will try and gain 
competencies on that. 
 
There are two types of players there. One are who have their own HDF / MDF in 
homegrown. So they have those materials being produced by their company and 
then they utilize it for the flooring. So they were slightly benefited enough 
because we were to buy HDF / MDF from suppliers and suppliers who are 
neutral, so they didn't have flooring for the suppliers, we could go to because 
others were more interested selling it to their own companies. So, therefore that 
was a disadvantage we had, but that's now behind us. We have got now long-
term contracts with big players there, and hopefully we will be able to mitigate 
the HDF / MDF risk. I have already discussed about the Ukraine crisis and how 
it’s posing a concern. We have still wood, but we will have to watch and see. 
 
Now, your second question is raw material waste disposal policy in Europe. 
That's very strong. But Parador is absolutely safe because we have wood-based 
products and our scraps of wood are re-used by boilers to generate power and 
therefore there is absolutely no problem in waste disposal. 
 

                                                                      Page 11 of 18                           
                             
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandesh Barmecha from 
Haitong. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. I have just two questions. First 
question is for the pipes and fitting segment. Sir, what kind of volume growth 
have we recorded in this quarter? And so what are the utilization rate for Gujarat 
and Telangana plant for pipes? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you, Sandesh. So, your second question I had answered earlier but I'll 
repeat it, just for you again. So, we have roughly about 60% capacity utilization 
in totality and Telangana is almost 100% utilized, Golan is about 51% utilized. 
Your first question was on quantity growth. Very difficult to track because each 
product are different. There are plenty of SKUs and we don't monitor therefore 
through that because it's quite confusing to monitor the quantity from that angle. 
We monitor the sales growth, which has been 55% for us. 
 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Great. Just one last question, sir. So when do we expect the capacity in East to 
come online? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So this is on your Building Materials, right? 
 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Right. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  There are three things that we are doing in East. First thing we are doing is 
boards manufacturing capability. So that will come on live, I think, in the next 
three to four months’ time. The second is panels to be made in East. So that's a 
brand new facility that's coming up. As I mentioned in my opening remarks about 
Q3 or Q4, that'll come on board. The third is blocks that will take a little more 
time and we will keep you fully informed on that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Vora, individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Vora: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen, and congrats for good set of numbers in a very 
tough environment. My first question is, you have mentioned that you are going 
to stick to the $1 billion mark target. Will there be change in the timeline on that 
or we still need that three to four years that we can make it with all the situations 
across Europe changing and inflationary situations coming up in India? That's 
my first question. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you, Amit Ji, for your appreciation and thanks for the question. My counter 
question to you is, as an owner, would you give me some more time, and I think 
the answer is no. So, therefore my standard response is you trust me, you trust 
the management, we will do it as per the timeline we have committed to you, 
may the heaven fall. 
 
Amit Vora: 
The second question is if you can give some numbers on the number of dealers 
that we have, the sales points that we are touching right now compared to what 
it was last year to just give us an estimation of how we are growing in that aspect, 
if that is possible, and if it is handy with you? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  That's a little sensitive question, Amit. I normally don't hide any information from 
our shareholders, but this is sensitive because we are extremely strategic in 
each zone on what we do. I can tell you with a clear confidence that we have 
grown on our spread immensely last year, and the number of counters that we 
have added on is huge. I will leave that huge to be guessed, sir. 
 
Amit Vora: 
One broader point that I just want to highlight here is that, of course, Parador if 
we see the total profit that the company has done, the differential that has come 

                                                                      Page 12 of 18                           
                             
down this year is because of Parador's performance just slightly dipping. So I 
think once with your efforts and the people and team that you've put behind it, 
once that gets back on track, which we are hopeful you’re doing the best efforts 
for that, we should see the best results coming in very soon. All the very best 
from our end. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you. Your assessment is absolutely right. I mean Parador, I would have 
said with thumping note that Q4 onwards, we are back and profitability will only 
go up. But this war has put another set of questions and challenges, but the team 
is working on it, Amit Ji. But India will continue to grow strong. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satish Kumar individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Satish Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations for the good quarter in the challenging time. My 
question is, do we have any plan to invest more on green energy? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Satishji, we have no plans to invest in energy, but we are definitely looking at 
putting up solar plants in our factories wherever that is possible. And if that 
answers your question then that's what we are doing. 
 
Satish Kumar: 
Yes. To be self-reliant on the green energy and not on the business purpose for 
our one purpose I am asking? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  I completely agree, sir. There is a challenge there that our roofs in all the plants 
are asbestos roofs, which are now 70 years old, 60 years old. Putting up solar 
plants on those roofs do not seem to be a possible way. So, we will have to look 
at where to put those solar plants. Those actions are going, there is a CFT that 
is working on it, Satishji, and we are very, very clear we will go for all of that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Hello. Yes, I just wanted to understand a little bit on Parador. I just want to 
understand the kind of price increase we have taken. You indicated that order 
book is still healthy. So I just want to understand how is the demand environment 
broadly like in major markets? And how is the overall competitive landscape? 
So, in last one year gone by, especially in last six months, how is our market 
share in core regions kind of changed? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  I would repeat a part of it, which have already stated, Viraj. The demand 
environment is strong, and we have cascaded our sales to many, many 
countries, which is helping us to more or less spread our risk. And what we see 
is that our strategy of moving to different countries has helped us. Order book, 
at the moment, looks good. Not really big, but it's good enough. That's what we 
will say. And so far as market share, I mentioned that in Germany, we are 
number one and Austria also we are doing very well, and Spain, we are number 
two now. Other markets we are not market leaders at all. And we will have to 
work on that. So our specific markets would be outside Spain will be, 
Switzerland, would be United Kingdom, would be France, would be Nordic 
country and we are working on that.  
 
China, we have a joint venture and that joint venture is growing. We have done 
about EUR 4 million turnover in China, which is a growth over last year. But this 
is initial. There is plenty of opportunity in China to grow with a solid middle class 
base that Chinese have with a good interest for European products. We are just 
waiting for COVID to slide down a little, which is taking time and you are aware 
of what’s happening in Shanghai. So give us some time. China will be a very 
good growth profile for us. We are looking at North America, we are looking at 

                                                                      Page 13 of 18                           
                             
Canada, we are looking at United Kingdom in a big way to grow. So all of those 
will be avenues to grow Parador as situation eases out a little bit. 
 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So the reason I asked about market share is sometime back, you also talked 
about the market structure where it’s large, it’s a very fragmented market. And 
given the kind of supply chain pressures you are facing, I am just trying to 
understand, does that has also kind of has enabled us to gain more market share 
vis-a-vis other players. Just trying to understand how is the overall landscape in 
terms of competition, given the supply chain challenges in core markets? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Yes. So, I mean the challenges would be same for all flooring players. There'll 
be something which is good for guys who have their own down the level HDF / 
MDF products but otherwise we are all on the same base and Ukraine crisis will 
be a crisis for everyone. So it will not be a Parador issue. Wood will be a critical 
issue unless we are able to sort out. So we have taken quick actions to gain 
accessibility to several other suppliers for wood, I’m keeping my fingers crossed 
that the war ends rather quickly and we are back to where we were let's say a 
year back, and drive Parador to newer zeniths. So yes, competition are facing 
the challenge, so are we. But we are doing well and under the limited potential 
that we can with so much of headwinds, but we will come back in a quarter's 
time or so once the war recedes with far better numbers. 
 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. Just one last question, if I can squeeze in. On the supply chain part, 
especially for Parador, I mean, when we started the year, we were kind of put in 
a spot because of the MDF supplier issues and now this is related to oak wood. 
So just want to understand, other than these two, are there any other elements 
in the value chain, where we are kind of more overly dependent on a single 
source or single country? Any thought process on the supply chain 
sustainability? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So Q1 last year was a very, very good quarter for Parador, and both on top-line 
and profits. I will not at all predict that we will reach those numbers this quarter 
because of the war. But Q2 onwards, we should be able to stabilize Parador in 
a far better way, better than last year, is my advocacy. So far as materials and 
every base in Parador is concerned, I think we are no more dependent on single 
suppliers. We have rub in the bucket for all suppliers. Costs are still very high in 
Europe. Other than HDF / MDF and oak, the vinyl costs have gone up because 
they used to come from China in a big number. That stopped. The chemical 
costs have gone up, which has an invariable issue on HDF / MDF costs because 
chemical gets into that flux, the insulation that gets on in some of our products. 
So that's also. So those are criticalities which we are seeing, but our team is 
managing it pretty well. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set on numbers. Sir, I had a couple of questions on 
the Board segment. So you mentioned that you will be setting up a new capacity 
will come on stream in the next three or four months in Eastern part of the 
country. Could you help me with the unit economics in the Board segment? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So, sir, we are not board focused, we are panel-focused. So first of all get that. 
Second is, we are not setting up a greenfield project on board in East. We are 
augmenting our asbestos roofing plant in Odisha where we have at Balasore so 
that during off-seasons, we can make boards out of that plant because the 
capacity utilization in off-season goes down to 45-50%. So boards will be made 
locally for panels to be made locally and therefore we’ll make boards in Odisha 
plant during off-season and then utilize it for our panels facilities, which will be 

                                                                      Page 14 of 18                           
                             
our brand new facility. So at the moment, if we were to set up a panel plant in 
East, we would have had to bring boards either from Faridabad or from 
Hyderabad, which would have been very expensive on freight. So that's the 
reason this augmentation has been done. 
 
Chirag Shah: 
So, sir, the capacity is with roofing is fungible. Am I right? Of the board. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Because two quarters, we use at 95-100% and two quarters we use at 50-60%. 
So those are the capacity utilization. Therefore your fixed cost won't go up. It will 
only be the variable cost and far more utilization. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Patwa from Quest 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on very 
good performance despite the challenging times. Sir, I also thanks for giving a 
lot of insight in last one hour. Sir, just my question was related to the asbestos 
fiber roof availability. I think you touched upon it, and also provided insights on 
how our company is placed for it. But on a structural and industry level, how do 
you see the impact of this war on, because it's a very limited. So I think Russia, 
Ukraine supply would form a very large part of the global supply chain. So how 
is impacting the supply the pricing on an industry level? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Saurabhji, you were off and on, on the voice, but let me try and re-capsulate your 
question. Your point is, how will the war impact, supply chain, am I right? 
 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Of the fiber availability. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Yes. So my estimate, Saurabhji, is that the Russian suppliers of fiber will 
definitely be a little bit of a concern. If not for availability, at least from the shipping 
lines and payment terms, etc., so would be Kazaks. So a lot of dependence now 
will be, therefore, on Brazil. And we can already see it because almost all 
competition has rush to Brazil to get more quantities of fiber from Brazil, which 
we get an indication and that has also impacted Brazil raising their fiber costs. 
 
And the other thing is the sea freight. So sea freight is becoming far more 
expensive, which will be hurting everyone. So on fiber side, it will be an 
expensive game for everyone. Some of them will also lament under the 
availability issue and I feel for them. But your company, HIL is absolutely safe. 
We have, both, the availability of fiber, and we have been able to mitigate some 
of these cost structures also well. It will hurt us immensely this year over last 
year so far as landed fiber costs are concerned because of sea freight and other 
things, but that's something which is far better to be handled than availability. 
 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Right. So, we believe pricing is the transitory impact would be there, but on a 
structural basis, you would be much better than everyone else. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Absolutely correct, sir. Thank you for putting that through. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Deep Gandhi: 
Good evening. So my question is about the fiber cement board division. So in 
the past calls, you have been mentioning that the company has not focused 
much on this division. So can you please elaborate on the reason behind this? 
Because if you will see some of your competitors, they have been talking a lot of 
good things about this industry and they have also been planning to do CAPEX 
to expand their capacity. So just wanted to know your view on this? 
 

                                                                      Page 15 of 18                           
                             
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  You're right. We did not focus on FCB, whereas our competitors have done, and 
some of them are doing well, and I give credit to them. We are more focused on 
panels because we believe that's a good value add product for us, sir, and we 
were making fiber cement board only from Hyderabad earlier, historically. Now 
we have set up the Fortune line in Faridabad and 50% of that capacity is utilized 
for making fiber cement board. So the board requirement for North, which we 
needed for our panel plant in the North is now being completely met from 
Faridabad. So that's giving us profitability benefit that’s where in building 
solutions, you have seen the profits go up by 86% this year. 
 
I would say our focus will continue to be in panels and we are setting up, we are 
augmenting our asbestos manufacturing line in Odisha for making fiber cement 
board for again panels a need. We will focus more on that. We are going to park 
more and more money to invest into pipes business and grow that, which is the 
significant value add in coming time according to us. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Doshi, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sagar Doshi: 
Okay. So my question is, firstly, regarding the margins. Okay. So as we could 
see like this quarter Parador won't be performing that well. So could I expect that 
on a year-on-year basis, even though we will be having a good quarter for the 
roofing, there would be a hit on a consolidated level due to Parador or will we be 
able to manage it? The second question is, are we taking any steps to reduce 
the cyclicality of our business? I know there would be around 20% of hike in the 
Q1, Q2. But somehow due to more revenue from other segments in the next two 
years or something, do we see our cyclicality being softened up? These are the 
two. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So I'm not sure I heard you, Sagarji, and my apologies for that. The line wasn't 
good. But let me still try and answer what I have heard. So your question on 
cyclic element of the business. Q1 will continue to remain the bumper quarter for 
HIL followed by Q4 and Q2 & Q3 will be weak. This is also sadly the same story 
in Parador because in Q2, they have their summers, and Q3 they have 
Christmas vacations. So that remains in Europe, a cyclic issue again. 
 
Now so far as the product cycle actually is concerned, as you have been hearing 
and I have been saying very openly, we are trying to use our asbestos roofing 
facilities for non-asbestos to ensure that the plants are run continuously across 
the year, and provide us incremental revenue as well as profit and that's the 
process that we’ll do. Pipes is another business that has come in now and as it 
grows and the profits come up. At the moment, the profits are low there, but as 
the revenues come up and as the volumes go up, you would see that that is 
going to compensate for loss of profitability in Q2, Q3 for HIL results on account 
of roofing dip. So, we are hopeful that in the coming years you will see for 
yourself that HIL has come out of this cyclic nature and every quarter, there are 
strong foray into profitable growth. 
 
Sagar Doshi: 
Got it. Thank you for that information. Just one more thing on the margins, can I 
expect, like this year we had inflation issues etc., which would let's say continue 
for say Q1 or Q2. But in the long term, let's say around four quarters down the 
line or so, can I see the margins being at a state where it was in FY21? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  FY21 was a booster year because a lot of cost was subdued owing to COVID. 
We had taken a lot of discretionary measures on that. Okay few things let me 
clarify. One of all, your company will grow. So top-line will see a growth. With 
that, the profits will grow on absolute value and that you will see in a disciplined 
manner. So absolute value of profits are going to grow. Profitability percentage 
to revenue looks low because of the huge challenges on material. We will be 

                                                                      Page 16 of 18                           
                             
able to come back to a greater amount as situation normalizes and that's likely. 
So overall a profitable growth towards $1 billion, I promise you that. 
 
Sagar Doshi: 
If you can give any number towards the margins that, you can generate let's say 
in long-term? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  It's not that you are asking this question. It's in general, I don't give futuristic 
number because a), it's not something that maybe like set, and b) I am sure you 
will appreciate this can go either side based on several headwinds that we keep 
facing. So I would not like to shame our trust. So please allow me not to give a 
direction, but I'm just saying, you will have a very profitable growth from HIL, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, we understand Ukraine is a major source of Oak 
wood. So as things stand today, are borders open for trade, or is it just 
completely shut for oak wood? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So, Mr. Frederick, thank you very much for your question. Ukraine is quite a big 
spread and the Eastern side of it is absolutely closed, but on the West, it's still 
something that we are able to do. So the question is more about how they run 
the factory because there is a dictate that all males have to join the war, and 
therefore, they can’t run the plants only based on women employees. And that 
becomes an issue, but there are couple of our contracts there who are trying to 
support us, and we are trying to do as much as possible there. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Got it, sir. And I mean, if I may, what is the breakup of Building Solutions 
business, let's say '23, bricks, putty, and others? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  INR 250 crore is blocks and the rest is panels and boards, out of INR 400 crore. 
Is that your question? 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
For next year, sir? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  So next year also, we will remain the same. See, as soon as the new operations 
come in place in Odisha, then we will have more of panels there coming in till 
the blocks plant comes in. But we will grow because on NSR is growing. So I 
think you can steadily expect a growth in both profitability and top-line in Building 
Solutions. I can vouch for that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities and Finance. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Sir, just wanted to know how the penetration level in Tier 2, Tier 3 for our AAC 
block. I mean is it increasing? 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Mishraji, the business normally is mostly driven through big construction agency. 
So Tier 1 has started. Tier 2, Tier 3 we had penetrated during the COVID times 
and that has helped us to do a cherry-picking of orders and improve our NSR. 
The better thing that I can say in penetration of Tier 2, Tier 3 has been the 
working capital. So we have almost started getting 50% advance for this 
business and you would have seen that the working capital of this business has 
gone down immensely and the reason is that. So our penetrations are good, our 
selections are good for customers, there are no bad debts provisions which used 
to be quite a blatant thing 4-5 years back. I think this business is absolutely 
streamlined, sir. 
 

                                                                      Page 17 of 18                           
                             
Dhananjay Mishra: 
No, sir. I was asking in the sense that market increasing for AAC block in Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  We are doing well, sir, there is a huge demand as we see. We have a problem 
and orders are more than supply, really, and therefore, we are able to cherry-
pick. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And would like to thank Mr. Veerappan for his contribution and facing the analyst 
community for so long, and wish him all the best for his future endeavor. Thank 
you, sir. 
 
KR Veerappan: 
Thank you, Mr. Mishra. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Yes, Mr. Mishra. We are all going to miss him, but I am sure you will be in touch 
with him because he is going to a listed company. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of 
Deep, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Deep Sukhwani:  
Yes. So, I had a couple of questions. First one is on the given the competitive 
scenario and the dampening valuations because of commodities pricing and the 
global crisis regarding Russia and Ukraine, are we seeing any prospective 
inorganic growth opportunities right now? And are we pursuing something? I 
understand that due to competitive reasons you might not be able to reveal the 
details, but are we pursuing something in those directions? 
 
And secondly, one administrative question. In the independent auditors’ report 
that we were reviewing, there was one emphasis matter which I couldn't get 
much my head around was around the compensation thing. If someone could 
throw light on how that works and what required us to pass a special resolution 
due to the compensation numbers and all that? Those are only two questions I 
had. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  On your inorganic growth story, I can say, sir, this organization has pledged to 
you to take it to a $1 billion story. $1 billion won't come from our existing lines 
alone. We have to be opportunist in our ways and seeing which is the new 
vertical we will get in and how we grow that. So those aspects are all being 
reviewed at all times and we will soon come back with more details on that to 
you. At the moment, we don't have any inorganic acquisition in our site and 
therefore, I am unable to talk about that, sir. 
 
About compensation, could you please define this a little more? And I will 
definitely answer that, sir. 
 
Deep Sukhwani:  
Yes. So, there was something in the emphasis of matter called out in the 
independent auditors’ report, which said that due to certain limits described by 
Company's Act, the compensation should be around INR 1,205 lacs, but due to 
it being around INR 1,627 lacs, we will be seeking the shareholder approval 
through a special resolution during AGM. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Okay. So this was about my salary. And let me define this to you. My salary 
hasn't changed, and if you can put in a word to my bosses, that will be great for 
me. But on a serious note, the expansion of salary that you see is only on 
account of ESOP. ESOP was approved by all shareholders and in the AGM also, 
and just that the tranche has been due and I have taken my claim to the first 
tranche of ESOP. There is a valuation that comes when you buy the ESOP, and 
you pay income tax from your personal taxation on the perquisite value in the 
salary and therefore around INR 8 crore is coming as a perquisite value of 
ESOPs, which is nothing that I or anyone could have controlled. 

                                                                      Page 18 of 18                           
                             
 
Since the amount of the salary at it stands with this ESOP, which is primarily a 
perquisite value getting will be more than 5% of the profit of the company. That's 
where it will need a resolution and an acceptance by shareholders. So that's 
what has been written, which will come in the AGM also. 
 
Deep Sukhwani:  
Got it. Thank you so much. And once again congratulations on the great set of 
performance on great, I mean, the way we hear from the management in terms 
of getting responses and also thanks so much to Mr. Veerappan for the 
contributions he has been giving us. Thank you. 
 
KR Veerappan: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That will be the last question for today. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  Thank you very much, Neerav. thank you all. It has been a pleasure interacting 
with all of you over this call. We thank you for the time taken out and engaging 
with us. We value your continued interest and your questions, and your support. 
If you have any further questions or would like to know anything more about your 
company, kindly reach out to us at the Investor Relationship desk or I will be 
most happy personally to interact with you. Thank you all, bye-bye. Stay safe. 
 
