REF: NSL/SG 12022-23/
Date: L7.05.2022
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze JeejeebhoY Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai- 400 001
CompanY Code - 532698
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd'
Exchange Plaza, C-L, Block G,
Bandra Kurla ComPlex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai- 400 051.
Company lD - NITINSPIN
Dear Sir/Madam,
pursuant to regulations 3O of sEBl (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations ,20L5, please find attached transcript of the company's Analyst/ investor call held
on May L3, 2O2Z on Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the Quarter
and year ended on 31sL March, 2022.rhe same is arso avairabre on the website of the company
i.e. www.nitinsPinners.com'
(Legal)
Regd.
SUPIMA
WORLD'S FINEST COTTONS
ClN. : L17 111 RJ1 992P1C006987
Office & Plant: 16-17 Km. Stone, Chittor Road, Hamirgarh, Bhilwara (Raj') 311 025
Tel. : 2861'10 to113, Fax : 91-1482-286114 & 117
E-mail : nsl@nitinspinners.com, Website : www.nitinspinners
bsi.
-alV
rso 
\ Iso 
\oHsAS 
\Enrvls
8000:2C14
:201s \raoor:zors \18001:2007, \soool:zort
a;-r;; - / :Fil;;y /3::i,t':;"igi",J5l-.:ql _ -. i^.J3i'i:
Management / l\y'anagement
como
COTTON USA
:.:
=- 
Nrrru SPTXNERS LTD.
::5\rrtr^[
Thanking you,
Yours faithfullY,
For-Nitin
(Sudhir
Company
M.No. ACS
-iJ#e&- 
- -
g 
.:...r-.
6 
_ -!ttj"''
tr 
.,. 
,1
s!c
l::. 1-a: t,i: .i:::.rt:ii,. 
it titi.,-rjil
:rr.nri.tr 
'n,1,,i.) i!r' 
:rhrjClrii 
ii:il

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
“Nitin Spinners Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th May 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DINESH NOLKHA – PROMOTER & MD, NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
MR. P. MAHESHWARI – CFO, NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
MODERATOR:  
MR. AWANISH CHANDRA – SMIFS LIMITED 
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Nitin Spinners Q4 FY22 Post Results 
Conference Call hosted by SMIFS Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Awanish Chandra. Thank you and over 
to you Awanish. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of SMIFS Limited I welcome you all to Q4FY22 
conference call of Nitin Spinner Limited. We are pleased to host the top management of the 
company. Today we have with us Mr. Dinesh Nolkha – Promoter and Managing Director and 
Mr. P. Maheshwari – Chief Financial Officer of the company. We will start the call with initial 
commentaries on results and then we will open the floor for question and answers. I will hand 
over the call to Mr. Nolkha – Managing Director of the company. Over to you Dinesh sir. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Thank you Awanish ji. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all the participants to the 
investors meet post our annual financial year results of Nitin Spinners. I hope you all are 
keeping safe and healthy. 
I have with me Mr. P. Maheshwari – Chief Financial Officer of Nitin Spinners. I hope all of 
you must have had a chance to look at our Investor Presentation that is uploaded on company's 
website as well as stock exchanges. 
Nitin Spinners is India leading manufacturer of the cotton yarn, blended yarn with fabrics and 
woven finished fabric. The company’s leadership in cotton and blended yarn and fabric 
manufacture is driven by delivering international quality standard products with the continuous 
investment in the latest technology. 
We have achieved the highest ever revenue of Rs. 2,692 crores making a growth of about 66% 
along with highest ever profitability during this year. We have almost doubled our exports 
during the current year as compared to previous year. We are contributing deeply to the 
nation's textile export by not only expanding our business with existing customers but also 
improving our clientele by associating with the whole global and domestic brands. At present 
we are operating at nearly optimum capacity and strategically enhancing capacity in all the 
segments that is spinning, stitching, and woven fabric to meet the increasing market demand. 
In this we are also increasing our blended yarn production capacity substantially. This 
expansion shall take place with the total project cost of Rs. 955 crores which will be funded by 
term loan as well as internal accruals.  
We aim to capture the benefit of growing market opportunity in international as well as 
domestic market and strengthen company’s position by widening our product portfolio as well. 
These projects will be eligible for the interest subsidy and other benefits under the Rajasthan 
state investment promotion scheme. The expansion project as informed earlier is progressing 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
as per schedule. Nitin Spinners as a company is having distinctly differentiated brand image 
and is known for longstanding customer relationships and globally accepted quality standard. 
Our unique R&D for developing value added products has led to value creation for both our 
clientele in domestic and global markets and made us a preferred supplier to them for a long 
term. In Nitin Spinner we are geared up for upcoming year with all the positivity in spite of 
unprecedented time and input price challenges. With our differentiated strategy marked by 
innovation and sustainable practice, we strive to maintain our top-line growth momentum 
optimizing our capital utilization and thrust on value-added product.  
I shall now handover the call to Mr. Maheshwari to give you the operating and financial 
highlights for last financial year as well as the Q4.  
P. Maheshwari: 
Thank you sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining the call. I would like to 
share operational and financial highlights for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2022. 
Revenue for the Q4 FY22 increased to Rs. 769 crores from Rs. 512 crores in Q4 FY21 that is 
increase of 50% on YOY basis. The full year revenues stood at 2,692 crores as compared to 
1,624 crores in FY21 that is registering a growth of 66% on yearly basis. This has been our 
highest ever turnover. Apart from operational efficiency and value-added products increased 
selling rates due to higher raw material price also resulted in higher revenue. 
EBITDA for the quarter is stood at Rs. 167 crores as compared to Rs. 104 crores in Q4 FY21, 
that is a growth of 61%. For the whole year EBITDA stood at Rs. 652 crores as against Rs.257 
crores in FY21, that is a growth of 153%. EBITDA margin for Q4 FY22 is 21.8% against Q4 
FY21 margin of 20.4%. For full year EBITDA margins stood at 24.2% against last year 15.8%.  
Good international demand coupled with operational efficiencies and value-added products 
resulted in better margins.  
The company has reported PAT of Rs. 86 crores during the quarter as against Rs. 43 crores in 
Q4 FY21, that is 99% growth on YOY basis. The full year profit after tax is Rs. 326 crores 
against Rs. 69 crores in FY21 that is a growth of 374%. Earning per share for the year is Rs. 58 
per share against last year 12.25 per share and cash EPS for the year is 73.56 per share against 
last year is 28.44 per share.  
The board has recommended final dividends at the rate of 25%, that is Rs. 2.50 per equity 
share. The aggregate dividend for the year is Rs. 4 per equity share including interim dividend 
of Rs. 1.5 per equity share.  
During the year we have produced 71,850 metric tons of yarn as against 63,973 metric tons in 
last year. Out of the yarn produced about 24% yarn is captively consumed in knitted fabric and 
woven fabric division. Knitted fabric production was to the tune of 8,057 metric tons during 
FY22, while it was 7,375 metric tons last year. Woven fabric production for the year was 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
269.47 lakh meters against 234.81 meters in FY21. The finished fabric production was 213.73 
lakh meters in FY22 against 143.02 lakh meters in FY21.  
That’s all from my side. Now I open the floor for questions and answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
                                                We take the first question from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
We have seen cotton prices have shot up very high and the yarn prices have also moved up, 
there were some articles like yarn prices have also not  moved up in line with the increased 
cotton prices. So currently what kind of spreads are we seeing between yarn and cotton? How 
have they behaved compared to Q4 and Q1?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
You're very right. The cotton prices have shot up substantially. The cotton prices are now 
around Rs. 1 lakh per candy which was at about Rs. 80,000 a candy in February22. Definitely 
there is a substantial increase and rightly mentioned that cotton yarn prices have not moved in 
tandem as with the cotton prices have moved. Generally, this increase in prices is more 
speculative due to shortage of cotton in the country. The yarn prices are moving ahead but not 
moving to the tune what the raw cotton is moved and practically with the lag effect of about 
1.5 to 2 months it is moving ahead. At this point of time for normal margin we were able to 
pass on the prices till Rs. 87,00-88,000 a candy. So still, that’s a lag of about Rs. 25-30 a kg 
still to be passed on to the customers.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
This year you are saying 25 to 30 in Q1, this is still due to be passed? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, exactly.  
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Given the final price cotton has seen of late what we are noticing is most of the companies’ 
inventory of cotton has doubled from what it was last year. A lot of it because of the higher 
price and also a lot of them have stronger quarter while in our case we see the increase in 
absolute value of inventory is hardly 50 crores odd. Could you share some insights on what the 
management is thinking behind this, why do we have a lower cotton inventory in terms of the 
volumes 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Normally at the end of the year the stock as per our order book position which is about 
depending on the order book about 3 to 4 months. But this time we could not book so much of 
orders because of difficult geopolitical situation happening in Ukraine and Russia, due to this 
order book people were scared to book the very long-term orders. We had short-term orders 
and accordingly our inventories also accordingly kept with us. We had at the end of the year 
about 2 months inventory and accordingly the orders were also for that much. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Are we seeing this demand picking up now or are we still facing any challenges here in terms 
of order booking, are we seeing more enquires now? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
In terms of enquiries and orders actually normally most of the customers used to book orders 
in the month of February and March for next 4 to 5 months as per the fashion season of the 
product. But because of this war like situation and also COVID happening in China, people 
were scared to book very large orders. They just are booking on a monthly basis. We are 
getting the orders on a monthly basis till now. Now people are thinking that maybe this can 
continue for longer period of time and they have to also run their factories and also the run 
their businesses. Now the orders will start to look up but people were more or less utilizing 
their own inventories to the maximum possible and reducing plus these costs also increased 
substantially. Everybody at the higher prices of raw cotton and higher prices of cotton yarn, are 
slightly scared to buy a very long-term order. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Are we seeing any challenges in terms of utilization on a monthly basis or the orders are 
sufficient to keep the utilization at 90%? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At this point of time, we are not facing any challenge for utilization of our capacity. That is 
still going on at full capacity. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Last question from my end, given the huge cash flows and the fantastic execution that our 
company has done over the last 2 odd years, we have created good cash flows and have repaid 
a lot of debt. I was just looking at your balance sheet numbers and from Rs.1000 odd crore 
debt level in 2022 to now some less than Rs.700 crores debt we have. If I look at the actual 
finance interest outgo, it is somewhat similar. We paid out around Rs.50-55 crores in FY20 
then Rs.62 odd crores in FY21 and this year again it was still Rs.55 crores, while our debt has 
reduced by 30%. So, what explains this difference? 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Some interest like interest on income tax and others which got paid during the last financial 
year to be paid. That is amounting to about a Rs. 2.5 to 3 crores. Also, we have seen that 
certain interest subsidies which was due, a small amount of interest subsidies which was due 
from the TUF was not forthcoming which was very old. So that was also written off. So, all 
that put together this interest cost is slightly higher than what it used to be. Now in the normal 
circumstances we are seeing this is about 56 crores. This should be in the range of about Rs.50 
crores, Rs.5-6 crores are the costs which I have just mentioned.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kaushal from Valcore.  
Kaushal: 
I just want to understand what was your capacity utilization in 2017-18 and 19 on an average 
basis, can you help me with that?  
Dinesh Nolkha:  
I will not be having the data of last 2017-18 and 2018-19 actually with us at the moment.  
Kaushal: 
Currently the capacity is running at what level? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Currently capacities, like our spinning capacity is running at about 96% utilization level for 
last financial year. I'm talking about last financial year. Our weaving capacity is being utilized 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
at about 95%. Our knitting capacity is being utilized at about 85% and our finished fabric 
capacity is being utilized at about 83%.  
Kaushal: 
How much was knitting? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
It is about 85%-86%.  
Kaushal: 
In the previous question you mentioned that Rs. 25 to 30 per kg price is yet to be passed on in 
in tandem with the increase of cotton prices, right?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes.  
Kaushal: 
That's about roughly about 8% to 10% increase you have not taken whereas cotton has 
increased by that percentage? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The yarn prices are in the range of about Rs. 400 plus. If it is about Rs. 25 to be passed on, it is 
about 5% to 6% of the yarn price.  
Kaushal: 
I want to understand. Though yarn manufacturers in the entire sector, is the pricing power 
slowly shifting to them because there's not been major capacity additions in the last 3-4 years 
and from what we understand is that one cannot add more than 2 million spindles going 
forward for the next 3 to 4 years. So, is the pricing power really in the hands of the yarn 
manufacturers? Is it shifting like if you compare to last 5 years and the situation currently is it 
shifting?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I cannot answer this question emphatically and we'll have to see this coming up year whether 
the prices have changed because if you see the history, last year the cotton prices when we 
started the financial year was about Rs. 46,000-47,000 a candy. Now it is Rs. 95,000 a candy. 
The yarn prices was about Rs. 240 to 250 a kg which is now Rs. 400 a kg. Definitely spinners 
were able to pass on the prices. However, our downstream industry in the fabric, in the apparel 
fabric manufacturing and in the home textile industry has not been able to pass on these kinds 
of prices. But as we all know when this increase happens of 60%-70% increase in the finished 
good prices it takes time to pass it onto the retail customer. The year which is coming up now 
will decide whether this shift permanently for us or still the downstream industry will play an 
important role.  
Kaushal: 
Just on the capacity utilization question, coming back to it you don’t have the numbers. I'll 
take it from maybe the investor relations people later. But is the capacity utilization for FY21- 
22 better than the capacity utilization for FY17-18-19, just on an average basis?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes of course it is better. We have seen an increase, we had some stoppages due to COVID in 
year 2020-21, also in 2021-2022 we added some more capacity. We had some debottlenecking 
done, so accordingly our production is up by about 12%. Our yarn production last year was in 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
the range of about 63,000 tons. Now it is in the range of 72,000 tons. Definitely our production 
has increased there as well.  
Kaushal: 
So that was mainly due to demand also in the last 1 year. This demand was stronger than what 
it was in 2021. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, we have been utilizing our spinning capacities to the full level, (+95%) is the normal 
norm in our spinning industry to utilize to that level. So, barring unforeseen circumstances 
during COVID production was stopped. It is more related with improving on efficiencies, 
debottlenecking the plants and adding some different kinds of products in the basket. So that 
actually has improved our productivity.  
Kaushal: 
I want understand one more point to understand the industry better, while cotton is primarily 
used for spinning, cotton is not used for anything else, majority of the cotton produced in the 
world is used for spinning. So, if cotton prices increase why can’t we increase yarn prices in 
tandem to cotton prices?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Definitely we have been increasing, it is demand and supply base situation. If the production of 
the cotton is less than the consumption of the cotton then the cotton prices increase basically 
and also the speculative element to it. These are all listed on the exchanges even in India we 
have it on MCX, in US it is on ICE, various other countries are also having exchanges to deal 
with and speculators and hedge funds enter into this kind of products and create their positions 
which artificially increases the prices many a times. Ultimately retail or the normal masses is 
our customer. We need to increase the cotton prices then yarn prices and then ultimately the 
finished good prices. As we all know with the change going ahead it takes a bit more time in 
passing on those prices. But most important thing is when once the prices are passed on to the 
end customer, they are irreversible. Normally we do not see anything that the fabric or cloth 
prices coming down once it is passed on. That is a permanent advantage to the whole industry 
once it is passed on. As such as you say mathematically it should be possible for us to pass on 
but practically it takes slightly more time than what we think. Also, we should consider that 
overall, as a cotton industry we have a total inventory of about 8 to 9 months in the system, 
starting from fiber till the finished good is sold. Always this inventory is flexible to move in. 
Sometimes it moves up to 11 months. Sometimes it goes down to 6-7 months, depending on 
the prices of the product. Accordingly, that is also one of the factors which plays an important 
role in deciding the final price.  
Kaushal: 
The expansion will kick in when, the expansion that you announced in January? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Expansion, as I mentioned we are expanding in various or most of the segments. This will part 
of our weaving and finishing capabilities as well as knitting capabilities will start to come up in 
Q4 of this financial year part of it and spinning capacities will start in Q1 and Q2 of FY24.  
Kaushal: 
This is 900 crores will be funded you said partly by internal accruals and partly by term loan 
which you mentioned earlier.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, exactly. 
Kaushal: 
What do you see the debt number as by the time we start FY24? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
By the end of FY24 we are expecting that 1:1 debt equity we have seen and we should be 
having a debt of about Rs.1,200 crores in all inclusive of our all working capital and other. 
Kaushal: 
Rs.1,200 crores inclusive of working capital? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. 
Kaushal: 
By end of FY24? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Not FY24, when the project is completed. At the moment in FY22 our total debt is about 
Rs.688 crores which was Rs.960 crores. This we'll repay and then we'll add some for working 
capital and other so total will be Rs.1,200 crores around. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kirti Jain from Canada HSBC.  
Kirti Jain: 
Can you highlight what are the product mix related changes and product mix related 
improvements which we are bringing in our company in recent times? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, in product mix since we have also started to manufacture first of all our own woven 
fabric. All the fashion related items, with the woven fabric the yarns which are related with it 
are being produced in house. That is actually helped us in improving our product portfolio. 
There are various kind of products wherein we have a sustainable fiber being used in this. 
Also, in our blended yarn segment we have been able to use our sustainable recycled fibers, 
recycled cotton, organic cotton and different kinds of mix of fibers like viscose, modal all 
those kinds of mix is being used in our product mix. That is one part which is we have started 
to do on that side. On the product side we have tried to optimize our product portfolio looking 
into the fabrics which is being sold all over the market. Since we have an insight as a fabric 
manufacturer ourselves, we can preempt some of these manufacturing of those yarns and that 
helps us in keeping an edge over other producer.  
Kirti Jain: 
What would be our proportion of blended yarn roughly 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At this point of time roughly our blended yarn is about 12% of our total production.  
Kirti Jain: 
So, will it increase for even cotton? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes of course with our expansion going up this should go up to more than 20% levels going 
forward.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Kirti Jain: 
Anything you can highlight about our medium-term business strategy apart from the next 
CAPEX for 18 months if you can highlight about, medium term capital allocation strategy?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As you have seen in past we have been continuously investing in the various technologies. So 
our objective was to create a size in most in any business which we follow. That is one of our 
most important USP. In export business also when we started, we looked at reaching a level 
where we can go ahead. What I wanted was that we wanted overall whatever businesses we 
pursue the reach a leadership position in the maximum number of areas that we operate. So 
that is our strategy going forward. We'll keep on adding some capacities, reasonable capacities 
exploring and widening our product portfolio to enhance the growth of the company.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I just wanted to understand the demand scenario from the domestic market as well as 
international market expected given changes in the raw material prices scenario and how is the 
profitability changed between those markets? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As you know the raw cotton prices in India are higher than the international prices. So 
definitely there is a challenge in terms of passing on the prices internationally. It is easier for 
us to pass on the prices in the domestic market because the domestic market basically is buying 
the domestic yarns and which is priced at par with the cotton. That is one part of the question 
so domestic yarn is definitely at the moment better than the international yarn prices. In terms 
of how this is changing and how this is going to happen, most of the international buyer the 
changes in their strategies, changing from China and coming to various countries like India, 
Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, they have to look for alternative sources of yarns which is 
available at this point of time since no additional capacities as I also informed in my earlier 
conference calls, that is not forthcoming in the manner in which they would like it to be. They 
have to buy from countries like India. But they have slowed down on it because of such a huge 
or steep increase in yarn prices. This is also one of the reasons why there is a slight slowdown 
by the increase in the yarn prices. Since the requirement is now tapered off, of course it is 
getting lifted. There is not a position that the yarn is not getting lifted but it is lower than what 
it was earlier. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Just a follow up on this only, China plus One story given that US President is looking forward 
to rationalize the incremental tariff structure to China. Is the China plus One story is at risk at 
this point in time? 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, it is. Basically, there is a change in buying pattern of most of the international brands. 
They have already shifted quite a lot of their capacities to other countries than China. That is 
the reason why China if you can see is not importing cotton as well as yarns to the tune what 
they normally do. So practically officially they do not declare any production data or 
something like this. But we are seeing that they have reduced their production capacities. That 
is being diverted to other countries.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Which shifted permanently irrespective of what happens in China in what we are coming to as 
a long-term conclusion on the international market share? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, we expect it to be long lasting. Definitely we expect it to be long lasting and the business 
dynamics has definitely changed. But we have to compete still with countries like Bangladesh, 
Vietnam, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Turkey. We have to compete with these countries. We feel 
that India as a country is overall competitive in textiles in comparison to most of our peers.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Second question is on the blended yarn business. You are expanding capacity in the blended 
yarn category, how is the demand and outlook there is a shift from cotton to blended yarn 
looking more long lasting and the profitability higher there and how much is the spindleage 
that you are setting up it will be dedicated to blended yarn? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all we'll be adding about 45,000 spindles out of the total capacity of 1, 55,000 spindles 
which we are adding... We have at this point of time about 27,000-28000 spindles being 
dedicated to that part. Practically we'll be adding one and a half times the capacity there. As far 
as profitability and the demand, as the prices of raw cotton have gone up substantially, the 
delta between the polyester fiber and the viscose fiber to the cotton has substantially changed. 
This has prompted the blends to change substantially first of all. So that the costs can be 
maintained for the customer. This is an important part where the finished goods prices can 
remain at a reasonable level and customer can get the goods at reasonable level by changing 
the blends. That has prompted the use of the manmade fibers and most of the products at the 
lower end is being used with the blended yarn. Now coming to the buildup in the future 
capacities, we've seen that the polyester fiber as well as the viscose fiber, the properties have 
improved considerably during last 3-4 years. We have seen that a lot of new finishes, lot of 
new product development has been done by the fiber supplier trying to reach near cotton. 
Wherever there is not a compulsion of cotton being used ,people are trying to shift to polyester 
cotton or modal, cotton or other kind of fiber which is helping the blended yarn industry to 
grow much better.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And how the profitability difference between cotton and blended yarn? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Since the customer is able to, basically our customers are able to buy them at a reasonable 
price to adjust to their costs. At this point of time, it is better. Of course, if you have talked to 
me 6 months back cotton was much better.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Roshan from B&K Security. 
Roshan: 
How is the demand situation and export outlook for USA coming out? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, we have a limited exposure in the US. We export some yarns and some fabrics there 
which is very nominal and limited. We are doing about 6% to 7% of our total capacity where 
the demand is good. We are seeing consistent demand coming in since cotton prices 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
internationally is governed by the US Future the prices also have moved up in tandem in the 
US. We do not foresee any major issues there till now.  
Roshan: 
And when the capacity increase on the spindle side do you envisage that the capacity growth 
could exceed the demand? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As one of the participants as we have mentioned, not major if you see the total capacity which 
is being added up in the country to about 2 to 2.5 million spindles every year and we have a 
capacity in India of both 50 million spindles. Practically we will be adding only about 4% of 
the capacity. There are also some scrappage of the old spindles which I am not considering at 
this point of time. The increase in capacity is not very substantial which may affect the demand 
supply scenario.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investments.  
Yash Bajaj: 
I actually missed the part of the CAPEX plan which you have laid out. Can you just repeat that 
if it's possible?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, we have announced the capacity expansion after our last earning call. So that is the 
tune of about Rs.955 crores. This will be funded by Rs.300 crores of internal accruals and 
Rs.655 crores of debt. The CAPEX cost is about Rs.860 crores and balance is the margin 
money for working capital. For this we will be adding capacities in our spinning department, in 
our weaving and finishing department and knitting department. We'll be increasing our 
spindleage from 3.32 lakh equivalent spindles to about 4.88 lakh equivalent spindles, 
increasing our capacity from 75,000 metric tons to about 1,10,000 metric tons per annum. 
Similarly, our knitting capacity as well as our weaving capacity will also be ramped up by 
about 35% each.  
Yash Bajaj: 
I just wanted to know what was our average cotton price for the Q4?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The Q4 our average cotton price, Maheshwariji can you highlight on this exact number? 
P. Maheshwari: 
Q4 average cotton price was 215 per kg. 
Yash Bajaj: 
If we compare how the demand is flowing currently in this year and as compared to suppose 
2017-18 where is the incremental demand coming from domestically and in export? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, incremental demand what we are seeing is in domestic market, we are seeing that lot 
of orders for the garments which was earlier being produced in the countries like China, also to 
an extent in Sri Lanka are getting now shifted into India. That kind of garments actually needs 
more yarn, so demand is more at this point of time in the domestic market in comparison to the 
export market.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Yash Bajaj: 
Going forward considering like the way the cotton prices are increased like you said that you 
will be increasing your concentration of blended yarn to 20%. Do you see like the end players 
in the value chain also changing their preferences from cotton to blended yarn?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
There is I think lot of investment in India is coming up in the PLI which is primarily for 
manmade fiber yarns and blended yarns only which will be using fabric actually, manmade 
fabric and blended fabrics. They will be using more capacity, more yarns for these purposes, so 
that should help us. We are seeing that there is a total investment of about Rs. 19,000 crores 
happening in this segment. That should help us in this segment as well. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
One is on the export market, Mr. Nolkha we had seen lot of slowdown in the export of home 
furnishing, home textiles from India in the cotton side. Do you see because of the excess 
inventory pile up? So, have you seen a slowdown in the consumption of cotton yarn from view 
of customers trying to export home textiles to the US market?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Actually, if you see our profile, 72% of our yarn is exports and about 28% is domestic market 
and we have spread it pretty well in the various domestic with our customers. We are not very 
much dependent on one particular industry or one particular company as such for sale of our 
product. We are not seeing any major changes. Yes, if there is some lesser demand from some 
of the companies and we are able to fulfill it by supplying to other company just that. That is a 
flexibility which we have in our system. However, as you asked, I don't think there is a 
reduction in the exports from these downstream industries. Their margin is affected but their 
production they are running at full stream. As I have given to understand till month of April, 
most of the players in home textiles are running full stream. Of course, margins are impacted 
because they are not able to increase their prices to their expectations.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
The other question is on the capacity CAPEX. Just wanted to know your thoughts that you're 
seeing a lot of growth in the non-cotton side because of PLI investments. Why not have 
significantly more addition of the blended yarn new capacity rather than only the cotton side? 
Just wanted to know your thoughts on that?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
We are seeing a reasonable growth and we are also adding up the capacity. We're already 
nearly adding 150% of our existing capacity and we are also increasing our capacity in the 
cotton yarn business since we are trying to widening our product portfolio. We are going to 
add some most of the yarns which we are not producing. There are many kinds of cotton yarn 
which we are not yet in production. So those will also be taken up. This we have basically 
strategically seeing that we are not competing against our own existing production and trying 
to add capacities in cotton yarn business also wherever it is desired, wherever there is a 
demand. Looking into that, the capacity for cotton yarn has been considered. For polyester 
cotton or let's say blended yarn as well; we have also considered various capacities but let this 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
PLI also fructify, let us also see how the demand moves up. Till now it is good. We are also 
adding capacity and if required we'll add for the capacities in this segment.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
What are the carrying cost of your inventory for cotton in rupees per candy?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
We do not calculate the carrying cost actually. Our working capital is for the whole company 
and not only for cotton. We also have finished goods, we also have work in process, also have 
debtors. We're not exactly calculating carrying cost on the. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
The reason I was asking is that optically the yarn margins may look depressed on based on the 
current raw cotton prices. But because entire industry’s inventory price is much lower than the 
current prices; don’t you see this current yarn prices to continue for the next two or three 
quarters but profitability would remain similar to this quarter? Just wanted to know your 
thoughts on that side?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, yes, you're right that the cost of our inventory which we are carrying is lesser than 
the market price which is prevailing. Since there is a consistent increase, there is a one-way 
traffic. We have seen the cotton prices gone up from Rs. 75,000 to 1 lakh a candy. Definitely 
whatever you have purchased during last 3-4 months, will have lesser cost only. Definitely that 
is there with every industry player but we need to pass it on. We kept on passing on the prices 
which has slowed down. Earlier this was a moving, the yarn prices were moving exactly in 
tandem. Now this is moving with a lag effect. If you go back in 2018-19-17 there was also a 
lag effect. Yes, but in a calendar year ‘21 we saw that as long as the cotton prices increase yarn 
prices increase. And in some times, yarn prices preceded cotton prices increase as well. So that 
has resulted in a different kind of margin scenario. Now with this lag effect happening, the 
profitability will depend on the kind of order book which you have and also the kind of 
inventory cost which you have. It may vary from a player to player. Also, as such this increase 
it is being taken by the downstream industry player is going to be very good for the textile 
industry as a whole. With this kind of prices, we are able to this kind of raw material prices, if 
we are able to pass it on to the customers then once these are passed on these are irreversible. 
Yes, the yarn prices may come down, cotton prices may come down slightly or in all these 
things can happen but overall, the margins of the textile industry will definitely improve. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Can you tell me the realization for kgs for the yarn and knitted fabrics and realization for meter 
for the woven fabrics in Q4 FY22 and Q4 FY21? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Maheshwari ji can you give the exact numbers please? 
P. Maheshwari: 
Yes. In Q4 the average yarn realization was Rs. 400 per kg while this was in Q4 ‘21, Rs.270 
per kg in Q4 ‘21. In knitted fabric it was Rs.380 per kg during this quarter and in Q4 ‘21 it was 
Rs.298 per kg and woven fabric it was Rs.171 per meter during the quarter while it was Rs.133 
per meters in Q4 ‘21. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Your cotton prices over the last summer they have increased by almost being doubled but your 
yarn cycle has had not actually doubled. Increased by approximately 50%. Do we see yarn 
prices increasing further? Like you said that about 5% to 6% on the cost will be actually 
passed on. Is there space for more? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At this point of time, it looks like I was talking in terms of the cotton prices which was there at 
the beginning of this calendar year until now. That is what I'm talking about. The scope will be 
determined by the downstream industry. If they are able to pass it onto their customers then 
definitely, we will be able to pass it on to them.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Any reason why like cotton prices have doubled but your yarn realizations have increased by 
about 60% only?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The increase is about (+60%) if you see on a quarterly basis. It is the increase is nearly 60%. 
Cotton prices are like 55% of our raw cotton is about 55% to 60% of our total cost structure. If 
it is 100% means it is about 50% only for the sales price. That's all is additional margins and 
some additional cost which has been passed on. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Where do you procure your cotton from like what category of cotton and will you be importing 
cotton going forward as we all know that the custom duty, that the import duty has been cut. 
So, any will you be importing cotton as well?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, I would like to bring to all of your notice that there was no import duty in India on 
cotton for last 10 years from 2011-12 till 2021. In the February ‘21 this duty was imposed for 
and then it was removed in the April of 2022. As a Spinner we have been importing cotton for 
last several years in a significant manner. Even when the duty was there, we were already 
importing cotton under advance license, even that point of time and still we are importing. Yes, 
the quantity has been substantially increased because we foresee that there is a shortage of 
cotton in India. We have been importing quantities in substantial manner. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Any percentage of what percent of cotton we import of your requirement?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
For confidential reasons I would not like to share this particular data.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Any guidance from a margin outlook and the revenue outlook, both? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The situation is very fragile at this point of time. As I highlighted in my earlier conversation 
that the situation is really fragile. We are at this point of time we are seeing that there is a 
shortage of cotton in India due to which cotton prices is spiking up substantially. Even on a 
week-to-week basis, this is increasing which is very worrying for all of us because we cannot 
change prices on a weekly basis with our customers. The margins at this point of time we 
would not like to comment on the margin side but yes, we are working to see that we maintain 
or try to see a reasonable margin going forward. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
You had mentioned the number of spindles you have dedicated to blended yarn currently. I 
missed that number. If you could repeat that? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
It is about 28,000 spindles.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek from Kent Ke Private Limited.  
Abhishek: 
I would like to understand how the cost of power has impacted the industry? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Cost of power, basically for us at least this has not impacted at all since last 1-year. It is going 
to be impacted now once the tariffs is increased by the State Electricity Boards. For us it has 
remained consistent for last 1-year. In fact, with some renewable power being installed by us, 
it has come down only for us. However, and we had a coal base power plant which we were 
using to generate power since we had scrapped that particular plant in last financial year and 
stopped using the power. So, that has in fact saved us some amount on the power side itself. 
Abhishek: 
Was Sri Lanka a major market for you because of the ongoing disturbances in Sri Lanka?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Not substantially. Yes, we are having exposure in Sri Lanka and just for information that Sri 
Lankan government as well as their Central Bank has allowed to most of the textile companies 
who are re-exporting their products to import the various requirements which they have and 
the working is happening as per schedule.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nagesh from NR Family Office. 
Nagesh: 
When I go through the P&L what I see is the volume growth has not been aggressive. 
However, the revenues have been really very aggressive. Just want to understand what could 
be the volume and the revenue outlook from a 12 to 36 months perspective? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As we are saying that volume, we are consistently improving. Our spinning capacity is nearly 
fully utilized so that will continue to be utilized going forward. But any additional capacity that 
will come up only from FY24, Q1FY24 and Q2FY24 and we are expecting that in 24 months 
from now we should be running, we should have increased our capacity by nearly 45% on the 
yarn side which is our major revenue earner. As far as our woven capacity is concerned; that is 
now running at about 90% which we are trying to further ramp up. We are trying to increase 
the capacities there which will be fructified during this financial year itself. There also we are 
adding capacities to the tune of about (+30%). That is again going to play an important, that 
should be available for us during the next full financial year. Knitting capacity is also running 
at about 85% capacity levels but this keeps on fluctuating depending on the demand and 
supply of those kinds of fashion product. This should be the base case for the rest of the year 
but once we are added up the capacity, we expect another 30% increase their itself also. This is 
all in the terms of volumes. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Nagesh: 
From a 3-years perspective could there be a CAGR, you could put through the volume as well 
as the revenue growth? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
CAGR means today in such times where the prices are going out of roof, it is difficult to put a 
number. We have seen a growth of 65% in the overall last 1-year itself which is contributed by 
more than 40% by the price hike itself. Where all the prices, how the prices move in that is 
very important for us going forward to decide the CAGR. But if you see a bunch of 5-years 
together for last maybe 5 years or even 10 years or 12 years we have grown at a CAGR of 
about 18%-19%. We wish to continue with that kind of CAGR going forward for, if you want 
to look at 3-4 years’ time.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Esha Gaur from CCIPL. 
Esha Gaur: 
I'm trying to understand that as you were saying that while the garment companies pass on this 
price increase then it will be irreversible. It will be irreversible for the OEM. That is the 
branded companies which are ultimately selling to the retail customer but for the garment 
manufacturer they will have to pass on if the cotton and yarn prices decrease, then the OEMs 
which are the brands they will ask the garment manufacturers to pass it on to them and they 
will keep the benefit themselves, the branded company. Then how it comes back to us that how 
are we saying that once these prices go up then it will be irreversible for us. And secondly if 
you see the steel industry it's all about demand supply of the steel. They don't worry about the 
automobile industry that what will happen to them if we increase steel prices. Even if iron ore 
prices are going up, the steel prices are determined by demand and supply of steel. In that case 
so basically, I'm trying to understand that this Rs. 20-25 gap that is there in the yarn 
realization; by when will we be able to pass it on? Whether it will happen this quarter or next 
quarter, what is in your judgment? When can we pass it on? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, would like to comment on your steel industry example. Steel industry has many 
usages apart from automobile industry. They have maybe eight to ten different kinds of usages. 
Whereas the textile industry has only one usage that is for the cloth which has been worn or 
maybe for home textiles, it is related with the same itself, use like personal usages. Our usage 
for cotton is one single that ultimately it goes to the customer which will use it for their own 
consumption. That is why it is more let's say directly linked with the apparel price. So that is 
one part. We cannot compare this with steel industry. As you see, as you give example of steel 
industry, we see that one of the costs or any part or anything increases; we see the prices 
increased by most of the car companies. Like we have seen in the past so many years that the 
car prices have gone up by 20%-30% whenever the raw material, whatever they have increased 
resulted in the increase in finished goods prices. But when it comes down nobody reduces the 
price. Maybe some discounts plus or minuses but prices actually on the floor does not comes 
down. Same is the case here because we are seeing an unprecedented increase in the raw 
cotton prices which is ultimately to be transferred to the customer. What we are seeing is the 
farmer is getting today much better prices but the in-between players like ginners, spinner as 
well as weaver, finisher, garmenter and retailer have to sacrifice some part of it if he is not able 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
to pass on the price. Yes, due to demand supply situation a spinner was able to pass on 
completely the prices barring last 1 or 2 months where there is a change in the scenario, slight 
change in the scenario. But weaver and finisher and garmenter were not able to pass on the 
kind of prices which they wanted. So, they are pushing the prices ahead. We have seen two 
increases of price increases by the retailers, will see one more increase by the retailer. Once 
that price is passed on then the retailer is quite comfortable to give it back to his garmenter or 
downstream. Yes, you are very right. When the prices of yarn will come down, he will also 
look at increasing his margin or retaining his margins to the older level but not like he will take 
up all the margin which is there because of the reduction in the cost. So, this is a normal 
phenomenon. You can see there are four pockets with the person, the one is with spinner, one 
is with weaver or knitter and one is with garmenter. Of course, the money will come in these 
four pockets only. Maybe it'll ultimately come to textile industry. I'm not saying that the price 
increase is irreversible on part of a spinner or a weaver but as a whole in the industry and this 
money will remain with them. 
Esha Gaur: 
Also, in the papers it came that in the first week of May the yarn prices have been increased by 
Rs. 40. This Rs. 20 to Rs. 25 gap that you were talking about is it after that Rs. 40 hike that 
happened in early May?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The prices on 30th of April was like when the cotton was about 92,000 or 93,000. At that point 
of time this increase was happened. Rs. 40 increase is a after 1 month gap. In between we have 
already increased the prices. I'm not talking about today's prices. I'm not talking that today we 
need to increase the prices by Rs. 25. Yes, it is going to increase by another 4%-5% going 
forward. We are seeing the increase happening regularly on a consistent basis. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shrikant Sharma from Ishri Consultants Private 
Limited.  
Shrikant Sharma: 
My question is that the garment industry is asking for the export ban of cotton and on 17th May 
I think they will be having a meeting with Minister of Textile. How do you think the ban will 
affect specifically your company, Nitin Spinner how it will restructured by a cotton ban if there 
is a cotton ban on export?  
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The ban is for the raw cotton exports which is being contemplated. I think it is too late because 
already most of the cotton now our cotton prices in India are more than the international prices. 
And anyway, not much exports is happening. Only exports which was committed earlier with 
lower prices is happening at this point of time. I don't foresee any impact happening because of 
this ban or anything else and rather it will be detrimental overall to the sentiment in the global 
arena that we are inconsistent with our policies. That is one part. Anyway, it is not happening 
at all. As far as our company is concerned, we do not foresee any impact of this particular issue 
happening as such. The meeting on 17th of May is for all the stakeholders of the industry not 
only the garment one, this will be a meeting between the then minister with all the stakeholders 
including the farmer, the ginners, the traders of the cotton, the multinationals of cotton which 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
are stocking in cotton in India; also, the spinners along with garmenter and also the 
downstream players in the apparel as well as the home textile industry.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Awanish Chandra for closing comments. 
Over to you sir. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Congratulation Dinesh sir, Maheshwari ji on continued strong performance. Since we are 
completely out of time, just one comment. In last 7-8 years we have kind of four times 
capacity now. Do we foresee the same kind of growth trajectory over next 5-6 years? Next 2-
year picture is already you have talked about. What could we expect? We can have the same 
kind of journey of last 7-8 years in next 4-5 years? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Awanish ji, if you look at our history, we have been growing at 18%-19% CAGR in revenue 
terms not in capacity. I would not like to comment on capacity side. And we expect to continue 
this journey for foreseeable future of next 4-5 years at least. I hope we could multiply the rate 
at what you mentioned just now. It will be our endeavor to grow at that level definitely, 
everybody wants to grow. That is something which we all aspire for and hope it fructifies as 
good for all of us. Also, I would like to thank everyone for joining in the call and thank you 
Awanish ji and SMIFS Ltd for hosting this call. I hope we have been able to answer most of 
the questions satisfactorily. However, should you need any further clarification or like to know 
more about the company, please free to contact our finance team and our Investor Relationship 
Advisors. Thank you once again taking out time and joining on this call.  
Awanish Chandra: 
Thank you very much Dinesh sir and Maheshwari sir for spending your valuable time and 
providing us this opportunity to host the call. Over to Diksha.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SMIFS Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
