Dishman Carbogen Amcis· 
Dishman Carbogen Amcis Ltd 
Dishman Corporate House 
lscon-Bopal Road, Ambli, 
Ahmedabad - 380058 
Gujarat, India 
CIN:L74900GJ2007PLC051338 
9 
+91 27 1742 0102 
: 
16th May, 2022 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Ref.: Scrip Code No.: 540701 
dishman@dishmangroup.com 
B 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
www.imdcal.com 
(@ 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
"Exchange Plaza", C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Ref.: (i) Symbol- DCAL 
(ii) Series - EQ
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL - QUARTER AND YEAR 
ENDING 31 5T MARCH, 2022 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, pis. find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings 
conference call arranged by the Company with Investors on Wednesday, 11th May, 
2022 to discuss the financial result and performance of the Company for the quarter 
and year ended on 3pt March, 2022. 
The aforesaid transcript is also being hosted on the website of the Company, 
www.imdcal.com in accordance with the Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking You, 

Page 1 of 18 
Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Event: Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited – Fourth Quarter And Year 
Ending March 31, 2022 Earnings Call 
Event Date/Time:  May 11, 2022/1600 HRS 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 2 of 18 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
Arpit J. Vyas 
Global Managing Director - Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Sanjay S. Majmudar 
Director - Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Harshil Dalal 
Global CFO - Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Pascal Villemagne  
Chief Executive Officer - CARBOGEN AMCIS entities, Company’s wholly owned 
subsidiaries 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 3 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Arpit Vyas, Global Managing Director. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Arpit J. Vyas: 
Thank you, moderator. Good evening, everyone and welcome to results yearly conference call. 
It has been an exciting year, full of eventful things. We would like to briefly mention some 
important things before we mention the numbers and move on to the Q&A. 
Since past couple of years, our previous CEO – Mark Griffiths had requested his desire to retire, 
we said okay, fine, then let us plan for it, at which point in time, we were identifying the possible 
candidates who can fulfill his support at least as a CEO of Carbogen Amcis. And after almost a 
year and a half worth of evaluation, both of us decided that our VP – Commercial, Pascal 
Villemagne, was a perfect fit as a candidate and about a year ago we had asked Pascal if he had 
the desire to take over as a Carbogen Amcis CEO. After a much deliberation, he gladly accepted 
and we were extremely thankful to him for this and from 1st of April as of this year as his 
contract has been renewed as representing the CGAM CEO and we have allowed Mark as 
planned to retire. He will be available to us till the 5th of August, but his retirement has been 
granted and he is happy with all of us to allow him to spend the time with his family and to do 
something for himself now. And we all would like to congratulate him for his well-deserved 
retirement as well as wish him all the best for the future. 
Coming to the business side of things from the perspective of EDQM challenges, we are very 
glad to say that we have completed almost 85% to 88% of the EDQM-related corrective actions 
and we are on track to extend the invitation to the European authorities as early as October or 
November this year. 
In the meantime, we have been successfully resumed the major products as of this year to start 
manufacturing for the major customers like Johnson and Mylan which is now Viatris, at the 
same time we have been working very hard on improving the operational efficiency and working 
on operational excellence where we have planned to make many changes in terms of the way we 
currently manufacture by upgrading the equipment, which allows a lot of operational efficiency 
to take place which will help us increase the yearly output substantially. 
The main agenda behind this would be that the people will be able to perform much better than 
to perform in a laborious way. So, we are adopting more of an automation route in terms of 
upgrading our facilities. So, that plan is already on the way and some of it is a part of the EDQM 
as well and it is going very well. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 4 of 18 
So, all in all, a lot of exciting things to look forward to. We would like to get into the Q&A as 
quickly as possible. So, I would like to briefly hand over the call to our new CEO, congratulating 
him for his appointment as the CGAM CEO and ask him to please introduce himself to all of 
you, and then Mr. Harshil Dalal will be able to give you the numbers and then we move on to 
the Q&A. Thank you. 
Pascal Villemagne: 
Thank you very much, Arpit, for your nice introduction. I wish to join you in wishing all the 
work that Mark has done over the years, bringing Carbogen Amcis and Dishman Carbogen 
Amcis to where we are today. 
Some few words about myself. As Arpit mentioned, I'm not new to the company because I work 
for Carbogen Amcis since now 10 years as the Vice President of Sales, Marketing, I worked 
very closely with Mark Griffiths in all those years. I'm coming from a clinical background. I am 
a chemist by education and I completed this university business back in the 90s. Since then, I 
worked with different companies, started at Sanofi-Aventis, then moved to Philips Electronics, 
then back to the pharma industry, working for front runners US, Japanese and European-based 
companies and I joined Carbogen Amcis in October 2011. 
All those ten years at Carbogen Amcis, I have experienced a lot of different momentum and 
coming back to the situations right now over the last quarter of the year and final year end we 
can say that, although the market is still very strong in the aspects in the pharma industry, we 
still face some challenges with the credit situations in China, for instance, or some challenges in 
some of the pricing because of the cost of energy and fuels that have been increased. However, 
although the global situation is not that easy. We succeed to perform quite well by reaching a 
very high number by the end of financial year as Harshil will tell you later on and we can still 
count on a very-very strong customer base with very-very strong partnerships we have had with 
some customers, in Japan, for instance, as you have heard in the past we have very close 
collaborations where we have built a dedicated facility for ADC products which is in the market 
in India. Besides that, we are also very strong over the oncology arena, which is the biggest 
pharma sector with a very important growth and a growth that is going to reach records for the 
next few years. So, from that business perspective, we do extremely well and we have a very-
very strong pipeline by the end of March, more than CHF 100 million of the project into the 
pipeline, so even much more than when we ended the last year '21. 
In that perspective, we also see a lot of opportunities rising up from the Chinese markets. As I 
just mentioned, we are facing a bit of issues over there, but we have been very lucky, because 
we have very, very loyal people at Shanghai site and just for your knowledge, most of all people 
have stayed on the plant for several weeks and days, sitting at the facility to enable productions 
to carry on and to deliver our customers. So, it's very-very much appreciated from all our 
customer base and by this behavior we demonstrated that we can be a very global company 
completely committed to our customers. 
That's the end of my introductions and market perspective and I'd like to hand it over to Harshil 
for the financial numbers. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 5 of 18 
Harshil Dalal: 
Thank you very much, Pascal. A very good evening to everybody. Regarding the financial 
numbers for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, we posted a net revenue of Rs.569 crores. So, 
this was a record revenue for us as far as the quarterly performance is concerned. As far as 
EBITDA is concerned, there were obviously a lot of one-offs that were charged in the P&L as a 
provision in the current quarter. So, it is better to look at the adjusted EBITDA rather than the 
reported one. The adjusted EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.84 crores representing 15% of 
the net revenue. The cash profit for the quarter stood at Rs.70 crores. 
As far as the yearly performance is concerned, we posted a revenue of Rs.2,140 crores as 
compared to Rs.1,912 crores for the full financial year '21. The adjusted EBITDA for the full 
year stood at Rs.394 crores as compared to Rs.274 crores in the previous year. So, there has been 
a substantial improvement over the previous financial year. The cash profit for the full year stood 
at Rs.340 crores as compared to Rs.254 crores in the previous financial year. 
Talking about the one-off, in the current quarter for which specific provisions were made, we 
can go item-by-item. So, as far as Carbogen Amcis is concerned, we had booked a provision of 
CHF2.46 million for certain impurities that were observed in one of the batches for a customer, 
and this was an impact in rupee terms of roughly about Rs.20 crores which has been provided 
for in the current quarter. We obviously are currently evaluating the options of raising an 
insurance claim because this is fully covered by insurance as well as raising a claim against the 
vendor because the root cause for this particular impurity was a defective supply by one of the 
vendors. 
There was also a one-time provision for pension and leave, that is classified under employee 
benefit expense and this is to the tune of about Rs.12 crores. So, these are the two major impacts 
in Carbogen Amcis AG which has actually impacted the EBITDA performance for the quarter. 
Apart from this, in Carbogen Amcis AG, bulk of the revenue in this quarter, out of the 45 million 
of revenue that Carbogen Amcis did, 30 million was attributed to development revenue and most 
of it was related to pre-clinical phase-I, phase-II where the margins are comparatively lower as 
compared to the phase-III revenue. 
Also, within the projects that were closed during the quarter ended March 31, '22 there was a lot 
of revenue that got accrued because of the invoicing of the material component in the 
development project, which obviously come at a much lower margin specifically they come at a 
margin of about 7% and that had a negative impact on the overall margin at Carbogen Amcis 
AG. 
But, as we have mentioned earlier, it is difficult to see the performance on a quarterly basis as 
this project keep on moving as we keep on invoicing and as we keep on booking the revenue 
based upon the percentage of completion, we would see the margins coming back to 20% in the 
coming quarters. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 6 of 18 
As far as the one-off in Carbogen Amcis B.V., that is our Dutch business is concerned, there is 
a one-time provision of Rs.4 crores for the soil reclamation. So, we need certain cleaning for the 
soil at the particular site because of the chemical usage and it's been done after a span of almost 
five years, so that is a Rs.4 crores of provision that has been built in. 
One of the major impacts that we also saw in Carbogen Amcis B.V. as well as in our UK entity 
was a significant rise in the power and fuel cost mainly caused by the Russia-Ukraine war. And 
this steep hike in the prices of gases and fuel combined amounted to roughly about Rs.8 crores. 
What we try to do at our end is to pass on the increased cost, whether it's related to power and 
fuel or otherwise to our customers; however, since this was an unprecedented event which 
happened in the last quarter and the purchase orders for most of the customers were already 
booked, it was not possible to pass on this cost in the last quarter. What we believe is that as the 
contracts with our customers come up for renegotiation as they are right now, we would be able 
to pass on most of this cost to our customers in the revised contracts and in the revised purchase 
orders. 
Lastly, there was an interpretation from the IFRS perspective for certain IT project costs which 
were incurred in a French entity as well as in Carbogen Amcis Innovations, amounting to almost 
Rs.18.4 crores. So, we had implemented the Microsoft Dynamics 365 in France. And according 
to the new interpretation which has come out from IFRS, all of the implementation costs along 
with the license cost for this kind of projects have to be expensed out rather than getting 
capitalized and amortized over a period of time. So, we have taken that one-time hit of Rs.18.4 
crores. All of this put together amounts to a total impact of about Rs.62.34 crores as an one-time 
impact which if added to the reported EBITDA amounts to Rs.84.3 crores as adjusted EBITDA 
figure. This adjusted EBITDA figure obviously does not have the impact of the lower margins 
on account of the material invoicing for the development projects that I explained to you, but 
that is also another factor because of which the margins of Carbogen Amcis AG. 
Talking about the segment wise revenue and EBITDA performance, Carbogen Amcis AG had a 
margin of 14.7% for the fourth quarter of FY'22. This translated into a full year margin of 18.7% 
as compared to 19.1% in the corresponding year FY'21. If we see on a yearly basis, the margins 
are more or less comparable but because of the one-offs that I explained the EBITDA margin 
for the quarter looks to be subdued. 
As far as the UK entity is concerned, the EBITDA margin stood at 13.8% for the quarter, this 
translated into 17.6% for the full year, and this compares to 19% for financial year '21. 
On the marketable molecule side, Carbogen Amcis B.V. reported a margin of 29.5% for the 
quarter, translating into 30% for the full year as compared to 34.5% in the comparable year 
FY'21. The reason for the decline in the margins at Carbogen Amcis B.V. has to do largely with 
more sales of cholesterol as compared to Vitamin D Analog in the current financial year, which 
we believe is again a moving piece. And as the sales of Vitamin D Analog keeps on increasing, 
we should again see these margins in the range of 32% to 35%. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 7 of 18 
As far as the revenue breakup is concerned, CRAMS India for the quarter did a revenue of Rs.48 
crores as compared to Rs.23 crores in the comparable quarter last year. So, this is again 
reinforces what we have been saying that the India operations have been improving both from 
an operational standpoint as well as from revenue standpoint. 
For the full year, India CRAMS did a revenue of Rs.160 crores as compared to Rs.53 crores in 
the comparable quarter FY'21, so that is a significant improvement. 
CRAMS Switzerland, France and China put together did a revenue of Rs.375 crores in the fourth 
quarter of FY'22 as compared to Rs.342 crores in Q4 of FY'21, representing a 9.4% growth. This 
figures on an annual basis translated into Rs.1,371 crores versus Rs.1,280 crores in FY'21, 
representing a 7% growth. 
CRAMS UK did a revenue of Rs.25 crores as compared to Rs.21.6 crores in Q4 of '21, 
representing a 16.5% growth. For the full year, CRAMS UK revenue stood at Rs.118.8 crores 
as compared to Rs.98.6 crores for the full year FY'2,1 representing a 20% increase. 
Carbogen Amcis B.V., our Dutch business reported a revenue of Rs.63 crores in the fourth 
quarter as compared to Rs.72.7 crores, representing a decline of 13% in the quarter; however, as 
you would recollect, Carbogen Amcis B.V. did exceptionally well in the first two quarters 
because of significant amount of sales of cholesterol as well as Vitamin D Analog and hence for 
the full year the revenue stood at Rs.306 crores as compared to Rs.262 crores representing a 
16.8% growth. 
As far as the others within marketable molecules is concerned, the revenue stood at Rs.57 crores 
for the quarter and Rs.185 crores for the full year. So, in all, we did a revenue of Rs.569 crores 
for the quarter and Rs.2,140 crores for the full year, representing a 12% growth over FY'21 
numbers. 
Apart from this, we also had reported a couple of exceptional items which are profit before tax. 
This exceptional items relate to one, research expenses that we had earlier capitalized which 
have been charged to the P&L as well as certain inventory which was outdated, which we have 
written off in the P&L. So, these were two major one-offs as far as the exceptional items are 
concerned in the P&L. 
I think with that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Majmudar, our independent 
director. 
Sanjay S. Majmudar: 
Thanks, Harshil and good evening to all participants. So, as Harshil explained, there were quite 
a bit of one-off provisions which are actually non-cash provisions and that's done on a very 
conservative basis to ensure that there is no baggage that we subsequently face. I do understand 
that even on a normalized basis, there is a bit of a minor compression on the EBITDA margins 
in Q4 even after we considered the adjusted EBITDA which is at around 15%. But I believe that 
going forward because of the typical issues relating to revenue mix that we saw in the Q4 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 8 of 18 
particularly in Carbogen Amcis and more importantly now with the EDQM more or less behind 
us in Bavla and therefore India CRAMS also is expected to post a very smart recovery in the 
fiscal '22-23. I think '22-23 looks like very much a normal year that we should see both in terms 
of a decent normal growth and a significant improvement in profitability is expected. So, if the 
top line may grow say just around by 10%-odd, the bottom line or the profitability should 
improve much more than the top line in the current '22-23 which should signal as a return of 
complete normalcy. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Praveen Srinivas from Samsung AMC. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Srinivas: 
One wanted to ask was if we look at your employee cost over time, in FY'19, they were at around 
35% of your sales and now you've obviously increased while the figures have not moved as 
much, so how do you sort of think about this employee expenses going forward given the growth 
that you're expecting for the next two years, how will you sort of think about the employee 
expense growing on the current base? 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, as far as the employee expenses are concerned, obviously, there has been quite a bit of 
recruitment over the last 12-months and this is obviously considering the projects that are going 
to be up and running in the next 12-months or so. So, we would see much of these employee 
expenses translating into revenue over the next two to three years’ time. Having said that, one 
of the other factors which is a major contributory to the increase in the employee expenses is 
obviously the FOREX impact because 90% of our employee expenses are from Switzerland, 
France, UK from all of our overseas entity, and all of these employee expenses while they are 
paid in the local currency, when the translation happens in India in INR, the FOREX impact on 
these expenses is inbuilt into the financial numbers that you see. So, overall, we do believe there 
would be a steady recruitment of people even going forward as we start this new project but 
many of the FTEs have been recruited over the last 12- months which would yield into revenue 
figures in the future. 
Pascal Villemagne: 
You summarize very well the situation. We are facing some challenges in some French affiliates 
for the overall cost of salary increasing because we are starting the process for our people, we 
finish in time because we need those people to run the qualification and in the meantime we 
don't have the revenues that are coming in front of that. But it could come going forward for 
sure. Yes, here and there, some increase is due to very low unemployment that we are facing in 
Europe. So, you can see some inflation and some others like I said in France that we are shaping 
in a number of positions in front of a new facility, that is going to be operational in a few months 
from now. So, yes, it's a challenge, but as you said, in the next few months, we are going to 
recover and transform those increased cost into revenues in some extent, and with the gap in 
terms of geography, we are going to transfer this through as much as we can to customers. 
Praveen Srinivas: 
In CRAMS business, in FY'19 and FY'20, you used to do around 15% to 17% EBIT margins. 
What would be sort of driving that profitability -- is it just an increase in sales or is it like 
something else that you're thinking of lowering of cost, how should you think about that? 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 9 of 18 
Pascal Villemagne: 
 That's something we are working on. We'd like to come back to what we could call a stand out 
performance in terms of profitability in our business. As I was saying, we are also facing a 
number of issues in terms of increase of cost in terms of cost of energy for instance that are 
really, really affecting our P&L right now and those costs we have been able to retransfer it 
straight to our customers because the pace we have on project and the pace we are running 
business between the time you get a commitment with the purchase order and you start the 
project and you finish the project, it's very difficult to retransfer those with the extra cost 
straightforward. You have to wait for the next wave of extension. So, there's definitely a lag 
between the time. We see those high expenses affecting us and the time we can recover those 
costs. So, we're definitely working on that. There are some instructions to the different entities 
to renegotiate wherever possible pricing and project cost with customers to move the needle in 
that path and further down the line we also look at different type of operational efficiencies that 
we can apply in our plants to basically work on our internal costs to improve our internal 
profitability. So, playing on those two leverage, we should be able to go back to a normal 
profitability. 
Harshil Dalal: 
Apart from that, Praveen, if you see over the last two years, EBITDA is negative as we speak 
right now. So, as we see the ramp up in the operations of the India business both from Naroda 
as well as from the Bavla site, we would see the margins at a group level also increasing 
substantially because India is the largest manufacturing set up that we have and in terms of 
EBITDA margin it has always been the highest contributory in terms of the percentage to 
revenue. So, as we see the ramp up in the India operations happening in the current financial 
year and going forward, that would also have a positive impact on the group EBITDA. 
Praveen Srinivas: 
So, just a follow up on that. So, would you say that as utilization say in the Bavla plant goes up 
and there are more products coming out of there, are the costs of that already sort of baked in 
currently or would you be doing that with some more incremental costs? 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, right now obviously all the fixed costs are getting incurred of the capacity utilization and 
that is the reason why the EBITDA is subdued as far as the India operations is concerned. So, 
what will happen is that going forward, I think it would be just the variable cost which would be 
kind of the cost component in terms of what would impact the profitability, otherwise the fixed 
costs are already built into the costing that we are doing right now. So, what we do is that now 
we have a robust costing system in India as well where we are able to price our products in a 
much better manner and that would also help us in increasing the overall profitability for the 
India operations. We are also putting in our slides specifically into the investor presentation 
mentioning about all of the changes that we have been doing in India in order to bring in process 
efficiencies as well as implementing a lot of quality software, a lot of engineering improvements. 
So, under the guidance of our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Paolo Armanino who has taken over 
since April 2020, we are making significant changes in Bavla as well as Naroda in order to make 
sure that just with the existing operating capacity, so like for example, in Bavla we have seven 
units out of the 11 units that are running right now, so we are trying to optimally utilize all these 
seven units in such a manner that these seven units can yield greater revenue than what we were 
making by operating all the 11 units within Bavla site. This is getting achieved by a way of 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 10 of 18 
bringing in all of these efficiencies that I mentioned you about. Arpit, maybe you want to maybe 
speak in greater detail on the changes that we are doing on the technical side. 
Arpit J. Vyas: 
Yes, so what we did also was in detail evaluate where we can become extremely efficient in 
terms of the output as Harshil bhai mentioned in terms of the plant manufacturing better and we 
saw some major opportunities inside the plants which allowed us to do minor changes by 
bringing in a few extra equipments which could help us not allow us to take the burden of not 
operating the four extra plants that we had. So, if you see currently in the seven plants that we 
have operational, we have started to do everything that was done in the previous years post 
EDQM for all the customers. So, every building block to be made for any APIs, everything is 
being managed in a much more efficient way and in a much quicker way as well. The quality 
aspects are improving substantially in that. So, the idea is to have a less number of plants but to 
have a greater output and that of course will not happen in a single shot, that will happen slowly 
and certainly of course bringing in equipment in the plants in a regulatory environment requires 
customer approvals and the regulatory approvals as well. So, that it will take its own course, but 
this is in general the idea that we want to create a maximum output from each and every plant 
going forward, starting with the current ones that we have. 
Praveen Srinivas: 
Finally, two bookkeeping questions. One, your current CAPEX is around Rs.350 crores to 
Rs.450 crores, somewhere around that range, right. So, for your future growth do you expect to 
spend a similar amount going forward or would you be spending lower? Secondly, I think your 
net debt number is currently around a thousand crores sort of a number currently. Where would 
you expect that to stretch over the next one to two years? 
Harshil Dalal: 
On the CAPEX, I think our run rate would remain within that particular range. So, right now as 
you would be aware the major CAPEX that we are incurring is in France, where we are setting 
up this Greenfield project for injectables, and that is going to be an expense of about CHF50 
million, apart from that we are implementing actually SAP across all of the Carbogen Amcis 
entities except for France for now where we have implemented the Lead365 and we are also 
upgrading our quality systems in Carbogen Amcis as well as in India. So, those are the areas 
where the major CAPEX is getting incurred and we believe that Rs.350 crores to Rs.450 crores 
would be a fair range as far as the CAPEX for the next few years is concerned. As far as the net 
debt is concerned, Yes, we are roughly about US$122 million as of March 31, '22. We believe 
that at its peak, the net debt could be say around US$130 million, but we don't expect it to be 
much greater than that. 
Praveen Srinivas: 
So, you expect it to increase a bit over the next few years? 
Harshil Dalal: 
It could be like at the close of a particular period because sometimes what happens is that in 
order to do a CAPEX, we have to make advance payments to the suppliers, where we will have 
to draw down the facility from the bank and as we keep on generating the cash accruals 
throughout the course of the year, the net debt in the next quarter or during the course of the year 
can again come down. I'm just talking about at peak it might be say US$130-odd million, but 
otherwise we don't expect the net debt to increase significantly, and in the next two, three years 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 11 of 18 
the net debt might even come lower than what it is right now. Having said that, since all of our 
debt is denominated in foreign currency, the cost of that for us is not more than 4%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
My question is related to India CRAMS. So, can you give a number of what operating loss we 
have made in this quarter? 
Harshil Dalal: 
This quarter the operating loss would be close to about Rs.6.5 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Just I was doing some backward calculations. Operating cost has been in the range of Rs.30 to 
Rs.35 crores on quarterly basis for last few quarters and if I consider this Rs.6.5 crores operating 
loss, so that shows that operating cost level has gone up to Rs.55 crores. 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, basically in this particular quarter, obviously the costs have increased and that has been 
across; the logistics costs, the power and fuel costs, etc., But again we are in negotiation with 
many of our customers to pass on that cost to them. If you take the full year basis, then our 
operating costs will be in the similar range as what you mentioned, but Yes, on a quarter-over-
quarter basis, this might fluctuate.  
Ranvir Singh: 
In balance sheet, I am looking that capital work-in progress is Rs.755 crores. So, if the annual 
run rate has to be Rs.350, Rs.450 crores, so that capital work-in progress is likely to exhaust in 
next two years? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Because most of the capital work-in progress is related to the CAPEX that we are doing in France 
as well as in Switzerland. So, most of this would get capitalized over the next 12 to 15 months’ 
time. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, maybe by FY'24 that would be added to our gross block, right? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Right now it is part of the gross block, but it's part of the CWIP and then it would get reclassified 
to property, plant and equipment. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Just a ballpark number, can you give guidance for where the India CRAMS is likely to be in 
next one or two years? 
Harshil Dalal: 
As far as the India operations is concerned, we expect that in the current financial year, the 
overall revenue should be closer to Rs.400 crores and we would expect this to grow from 15% 
to 20% in the year after that. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Similarly for Switzerland-based CRAMS, if you could give some indicative growth there for 
FY'23, FY'24? 
Harshil Dalal: 
If you take a three-year view, the CAGR should be close to about 10%. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 12 of 18 
Ranvir Singh: 
Despite this capacity expansion we are doing, so are you including this in overseas CRAMS 
business? 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, the capacity expansion is happening largely in France. In Switzerland, yes, but that's largely 
on the lab development capacity. Right now, we are almost full in terms of the development 
capacity and we have orders to start worth of about 106 million. We can keep on getting more 
and more molecules for development, but there is no lab capacity. So, the incremental revenue 
of say 10% over three years, that includes this additional lab development capacity and the 
revenue that will be coming out of it. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Just a clarity, in exceptional items, there are two items; one is related to reclaiming land which 
was contaminated; another was certain batches were contaminated. So, are these two events 
related or separate events? 
Harshil Dalal: 
No, both are separate events. One is in Carbogen Amcis Switzerland, that is related to that 
particular batch of about 2.4 million and the second one is related to Netherlands which is for 
the soil reclamation. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, is this going to affect the operation for a longer period? 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, as far as the Swiss thing is concerned, we have already provided for this particular batch in 
the Q4 of FY'22. so one, we will be filing for the insurance claim against this particular 
contaminated batch as well as we will be filing a claim against the supplier of this particular 
equipment. And obviously we will try to repurify this batch if it is possible. So, what will happen 
is that in the coming quarters, we would see the revenue worst case at least the cost of this 
particular batch will be booked as revenue in Carbogen Amcis AG. So, there would be a reversal 
in the coming quarters for this particular cost. 
Ranvir Singh: 
This cost may not be very significant, but the thing is that for a client perspective because the 
batch was contaminated, so do you see that may create any problem, clients not taking or client 
profiling you lesser as compared to other suppliers? 
Pascal Villemagne: 
We are in close discussions with the clients. What happened in the plant was very really a one-
time pure incident because the material has been maintained. That loss in the chemicals could 
happen very rarely, but yes, it happened at that time for that particular client. So, we are in a 
regular contact with the top management of that client. They are not losing the confidence with 
Carbogen Amcis. Quite a contrary, they still count on us to resolve the issue and move forward 
on that one. But Yes it's a one-time effect that is not very nice to have innovations but as they 
are also in the industry, they understand those kind of things from time-to-time, even for the best 
could happen. 
Ranvir Singh: 
In commentary, Arpit mentioned EDQM related remediation, that may overweigh in September, 
October. So, that remediation would be over or we expect that even facility to start producing 
and contributing to revenue from October, November? 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 13 of 18 
Arpit J. Vyas: 
The remediation will be over much before that. What we want to do is that we want to introduce 
all the CAPAs where in many of the cases it is related to the IT-related systems and quality IT 
systems. We want to qualify all of them and generate data of one or two months, post which 
after having this data, we will invite the EDQM to come. If we invite them the best case would 
be that they come in November, the worst case would be, they come in April. But for us, we will 
be ready much before that. we just want to have the data for us to show the EDQM of what all 
CAPAs we implemented and what it generated after that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Naman Jain: 
Just a couple of clarifications before I put up my question. One is, Harshil, you said that on a 
company level you are expecting a 10% CAGR growth over next two, three years, is it? 
Harshil Dalal: 
That's for Carbogen Amcis. At a company level, it should be closer to about 12% to 15% if you 
take a three to five year view. 
Naman Jain: 
On the EBITDA front, if I heard you correctly, then you said this year FY'23 you are targeting 
a 20% kind of EBITDA margin blended, is that right? 
Harshil Dalal: 
No, 20% would be for Carbogen Amcis. At a group level we should be closer to 24%. 
Naman Jain: 
This is expected to reach how much in next two, three years? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Again, taking a three to five year view, our internal expectation would be to go towards 28% to 
30%. 
Naman Jain: 
We have a foreign debt and the cost is 4%. How much of it is hedged? 
Harshil Dalal: 
What we have is not the debt because we have corresponding receivables in the same foreign 
currency as we take the debt. So, most of our debt is denominated in US dollar, Swiss Franc and 
euros. So, we have corresponding revenues in those currencies. Because of the timing mismatch, 
what we do is that we enter into forward contracts in order to hedge our export receivables. So, 
the export revenues is what we hedge. The only hedge that we would do is if we take something 
in INR or if we take something in US dollar and if most of the revenue is in CHF or euro we 
would have a cross currency swap. Otherwise, we would keep on hedging our export revenues. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. Please go ahead. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
My first question is on our pipeline of products. So, we already have like 13 products on the 
phase-III trial. So, if you can guide us something on that like despite having such a huge amount 
of phase-III trial portfolio with us, our revenue is not growing to that extent, so any guideline or 
any expectation from your side that out of the 17 what is the tentative timeline of not on 
individual molecule, but like a number of molecules to get commercialized? Although I 
understand you have a confidentiality. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 14 of 18 
Pascal Villemagne: 
All those projects in phase-III, their future of coming to the market is not in our hands, it's 
completely in the hands of our customers and NBA or the market authorization to another 
country they are hiring. The thing that is under our control is to make sure that we have a solid 
pipeline of early phase project that could eventually come to late phase and then eventually the 
late phase program can go to the market. That said, once we start to look at our historical data, 
on an average, on research pipeline we can say that two to three molecules are generally growing 
and getting their market authorization. And once the molecule is in the market, it depends how 
it's going to be received by the community, how big is the difference with the other treatments. 
This is a really breakthrough in treatment of some of the disease and then this is particularly 
difficult even for the marketing teams of our clients into predict. So, there is always a dimensions 
of the kind of bet on the future. The best thing we can say knowing that things are not totally on 
our control and if we look at historical data and yes in average we can say that two to three 
molecules are coming to the market every year with different phase and different success or 
speed to ramp up. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Secondly, in this current quarter filing, we have told that we have returned Dahej land. Why did 
we return it back? 
Harshil Dalal: 
The only reason why we returned it back is that we want to first make sure that we are able to 
operationalize whatever we want to as far as the Bavla and Naroda plants are concerned. So, this 
was basically taken on a long-term lease for the future expansion, but since we didn't want to go 
to Dahej SEZ for that particular purpose which was originally planned about five, six years back 
or maybe even more, we just thought it would be better to surrender it and get the cash from the 
government. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
In this respect, is our expectation on India or like what is the reason that's a more important 
question from my side? 
Harshil Dalal: 
We are trying to increase our operational efficiency in the existing units which are already up 
and running, which we believe can do a revenue much more than what we had done earlier with 
all the units operational in Bavla and Naroda. So, once we achieve that, after that we can think 
of any kind of further expansion or acquiring any land for future expansion. Right now we try 
to optimize our facilities that we have in Bavla, Naroda and that is exactly what our focus area 
is. So, out of the 11 we have seven units that are up and running, two of the units we don't expect 
to start in the near future, but those two units can again be used for our future expansion by 
converting them into GMP compliance specifically. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
The logic behind Dahej plant was that initially there was an indication in Naroda which is our 
fine chemical and API facility, there was an indication that it might be called into a green belt 
zone, in which case, we would not be able to run the plants any more. So, the idea behind Dahej 
was that to have something which has already an infrastructure ready where we could move 
instantly if and when this sort of a situation arises. But in the past five, six years, the indication 
has gone away and things are progressing well in terms of what is going to be allowed in Naroda 
or not. At the same time, we already have a tremendous land bank; we have 300,000 square 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 15 of 18 
meters of land in Bavla itself and we have another 300,000 square meters of land in Vadodara. 
The challenge in Vadodara is that there is yet not infrastructure available. So, if Naroda had to 
be transferred immediately, then Vadodara would have to be a challenge. But since that is not 
the case now, then the Dahej in itself becomes null and void, it was just to hold on to do a risk 
mitigation for our current Naroda business. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Just another follow-up question on late stage pipeline. I suppose a significant percentage of that 
comes from so-called research driven biotech company. In this scenario, we're now getting PE 
funding. Is there a challenge to that portfolio in terms of further development from our client 
side, are we foreseeing something like this? 
Arpit J. Vyas: 
As Pascal mentioned before, we have almost $100 million worth of orders in hand is yet to start. 
So, that part is being funded is yet not seen. Of course, what will happen with this war, we don't 
know. But in any circumstances, if there is a difficult situation which causes physical issues to 
the human health, pharmaceuticals is the one where the money is going to be core. But in any 
case maybe I don't know. Pascal, what is your view on this? I don't see anything changing in 
terms of the funding in pharmaceutical. Pascal, the question was related to the PE funding side 
in small biotechs, whether we see that being changed or for development work that we are going 
to be doing, which are our potential clients and the current clients? 
Pascal Villemagne: 
Very definitely, certain resistance will be in the next few weeks despite the war and there are 
some major critical investors especially in US that they are cherry picking the projects and how 
they are going to finance some new projects. That said, the last two years have been 
extraordinary huge in terms of money showing and just in US more than 200 billion has been 
spent in the pharma industry and a lot of projects have been funded with a lot of money and of 
course all those projects to carry on. So, we should not see any short term issue on that. It's just 
have to keep an eye on how people will perceive the global situations with the conflict in Ukraine 
and VC capital are still very careful to form new projects, with new biotechs especially in US 
market which gives a chance to the global market. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Last, a bookkeeping question. We are always in foreign currency, but we have debt. So, now 
from Indian perspective, one thing is that in a higher inflation situation, interest rate for debt is 
going up, on the contrary like Indian currency is also like depreciating. So, in this context 
although we have some debt is there. Isn't it prudent that we pay back or reduce some amount of 
debt by way of other capital restructuring, just a thought from my side, if you can give some 
comment on that? 
Harshil Dalal: 
The strategy is very clear. So, right now while the rupee has been depreciating against the dollar 
and even the other currencies, what we tend to do is that we would increase our forward cover 
for the future receivables because today if we hedge for a period of one year, we are able to get 
a forward rate in excess of $80 to the rupee. So, what we will do is, we'll keep on increasing our 
forward cover for the future receivable so that the future realizations for the revenue happen at 
a higher exchange rate than what it is right now, that is number one. Number two, on the debt 
side, as a strategy, what we have been doing is that taking the loan either in foreign currency 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 16 of 18 
directly linked to the SOFR or we have been taking it in INR at around 6%, 7% and swapping it 
into foreign currency which helps us to reduce our cost of borrowing on the long term side as 
well as on the short term side. Even with the interest rates increasing in India as well as overseas, 
the way it helps us is that overall the forward premium on some of these currencies especially 
the Swiss Franc, where we have a sizable amount of revenue coming from, we are able to book 
more forward contracts for that particular currency and that will help us in improving the 
exchange rate for the future as well. In that way, the currency fluctuation and the higher interest 
rate scenario due to inflation as you pointed out, really doesn't impact us and having a good 
amount of liquidity on the balance sheet which is largely invested in high yielding bond as well 
as in fixed deposits also helps us to get a positive carry on that particular investment. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Just to add, in India, hardly, we have any revenue in rupees. So, entire revenue worldwide is in 
foreign currency. And therefore if the debt is in foreign currency, there is always a equalization 
factor. Of course, it does impact when you translate all currencies into the mother currency, but 
in effect, I think we are very much fully hedged and very closely monitoring the situation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from Deep Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
I had a few questions. Firstly on the other expenses, there are a few one-offs in the quarter as we 
have mentioned. So, at what level should we expect the other expenses to settle at because it is 
somewhere around about say Rs.75 crores to Rs.85 crores on a quarterly run rate which has 
moved to Rs.145 crores because of one-off. So, at what level should one expect other expenses 
to settle at? 
Harshil Dalal: 
What we expect is the other expenses would remain elevated, and again it depends upon the 
many of the global factors and maybe we can take a run rate of close to about Rs.100 crores as 
a ballpark figure. Having said that, what our endeavor is to do is to pass on most of the 
incremental cost to our customers by billing it into the sales price and that is something that we 
are negotiating with our customers especially when the contracts are coming up for 
renegotiation, so the future purchase orders can come at a higher selling price. So, overall what 
we want to do is to protect our operating margins at any point. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
What will be the increase in prices that you have to take for the upcoming orders for complete 
pass-through of increase in other expenses? 
Harshil Dalal: 
So, that would depend upon product-to-product, customer-to-customer, and obviously we will 
have to take into consideration some of the long-term relationships that we carry with some of 
these customers and how critical they are. But I think anywhere between 5% to 6% is something 
that should be ideally passed on. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
My next question is regarding the CRAMS business excluding India of about Rs.1,500 crores. 
You mentioned that you can look at a 10% CAGR. So, would it be fair that this entire piece 
would grow at a 10% CAGR on a three year to five-year view? 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 17 of 18 
Harshil Dalal: 
Yes, I would say so. And one of the other incremental business that would be coming in from 
the start of the next financial year, the revenues coming from the Greenfield project that we are 
currently undertaking in France, so the incremental revenue that would be added to the CRAMS 
ex-India. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
What would be the CAPEX for FY'23? 
Harshil Dalal: 
For FY'23, we expect a similar kind of CAPEX number as the last year, which was close to about 
60 Million. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, the increase in revenue from the India business, it should be more or less sufficient to fund 
this internally? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Right now, we have the entire CAPEX that we are doing, completely tied up with the banking 
syndicate. Again, the cost of borrowing is quite low because all of it is going to be in foreign 
currency. So, there would be say certain periods whether that would remain elevated; however, 
with the cash accruals that we have been generating throughout the course of the year, we might 
either pay off the debt, but it really doesn't make sense because of the cost of funding rather than 
the cash accruals would remain invested into triple A-rated high yielding bonds. So, on a net 
debt basis, we believe that 130-odd million should be kind of the peak. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
We have seen working capital increase significantly in our current year despite this 10% increase 
in revenue. So, what would be the key reason and where do we expect this to settle in FY'23 and 
then on a sustainable basis what kind of working capital days should we work with? 
Harshil Dalal: 
One of the key factors in calculating the working capital for us is also considering the advances 
that we receive from our customers which is right now classified under other current liabilities. 
So, if you see, the other current liabilities have increased by almost Rs.100 crores. So, what we 
do is that for any development project, as a thumb rule, we will not be starting any development 
project unless and until we get a 30% advance from our customers. So, all of that is classified 
under other current liabilities. So, if you net off the other current liabilities from the debtors, 
inventory and calculate the working capital, I think we are fairly in line with what we had last 
year. So, we don't expect the working capital to increase substantially from here on. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Is it possible to quantify this number of advances received for FY'21 and '22? 
Harshil Dalal: 
For FY'22, it is around Rs.250 crores and for FY'21 it is close to about Rs.150 crores outstanding 
as on March 31. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Is Increase in working capital about Rs.200 crores for FY'22? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Right, so the incremental Rs.100 crores is largely on account of the increase in the revenue by 
about Rs.240 crores. 

Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited 
Conference Call - May 11, 2022 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of the Company and Chorus Call. 
Page 18 of 18 
Ritwik Sheth: 
You mentioned that we are looking at Rs.400 crores of CRAMS India revenue for FY'23. So, 
what could be the margin for this Rs.400 crores -- would it be as high as 45% to 50%? 
Harshil Dalal: 
Rs.400 crores would be the total revenue for the India operations and of this the CRAMS revenue 
should be at least Rs.250 to Rs.260 crores. The blended margin should be anywhere between 
25% to 30% on Rs.400 crores. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arpit Vyas for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Arpit J. Vyas: 
Thank you, moderator and thank you everyone for joining the call. It was a pleasure answering 
all the questions. We hope that we have answered to your satisfaction. As I said before, this is 
going to be a year of turnaround and we are going to see many exciting things and major 
improvements coming globally. We hope you all are as excited as we are and we will see you 
next time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude Dishman Carbogen Amcis Limited. That concludes 
this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
