 
3i Infotech Limited 
CIN: L67120MH1993PLC074411 
T: +91 22 7123 8000   F: +91 22 7123 8310    W: www.3i-infotech.com 
Regd Off: Tower # 5, 3rd to 6th Floors, International Infotech Park, Vashi, Navi Mumbai – 400703, India 
 
 
 
 
May 16, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
              
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
 
Plot No. C-1, Block G 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Security Code: 532628  
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip code: 3IINFOLTD 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting held on May 10, 2022 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of Investor Call on the financial results for fourth quarter and financial year ended on 
March 31, 2022, held on May 10, 2022. 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.3i-infotech.com 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For 3i Infotech Limited                                                                  
                                                                                           
 
 
Varika Rastogi                                                                              
Company Secretary 
  
 
Encl: As Above                                                           
 
 
 
 
 
VARIKA 
RASTOGI
Digitally signed by VARIKA RASTOGI 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=59b6357da87a74c088cd1fbce5fcbe59a
211a8c869a0bf71ed3694c206643a93, 
postalCode=400070, street=Mumbai, 
pseudonym=84f25c8d9b9c920326c7bffb0e3ece
42, 
serialNumber=a9dfde58ff2746b54e338d27a95b
35bc5fb567b393673c246f41d6ce2d3bcb62, 
o=Personal, cn=VARIKA RASTOGI 
Date: 2022.05.16 19:36:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
3i Infotech Limited 
Q4 FY22 Investor Call of 3i Infotech Limited 
May 10, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome everyone to the Q4 FY22 Investor Call of 3i Infotech Limited. On the management we 
have Mr. Thompson Gnanam, Managing Director and Global CEO, Mr. Harish Shenoy, Chief 
Performance Officer, Mr. Sanjay Rawa, Chief Financial Officer, and Mrs. Varika Rastogi, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. We will begin this call with the opening remarks 
from the management following which we will have a full time to answer your questions. 
Before we invite the management, we would like to share a few guidelines for smooth 
progression of event, all participants will be placed on mute mode, we will take questions post 
management address. For any queries, we request you to use the Q&A window to type your 
questions or you may use the raise of hand to ask your questions. We will accordingly unmute 
you and you can unmute yourself and go ahead and ask the question for the smooth 
progression of the interaction. I would like to request Thompson Gnanam to address the 
participants now. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thompson Gnanam: 
Good afternoon, Good evening, Good morning, everybody. It has been a wonderful year, 
thanks a lot for the great support from all our shareholders. It was a really remarkable year for 
all of us, because we have come out of the carve out last year, and a new 3i is born and we 
have been building this new 3i and it has been a fantastic year for all of us. It was just four 
quarters ago, we had our first presentation and you know time just flies and it's been really 
exciting and we are also very happy to share the progress we have made and also the plans 
which we have for coming financial year. So quickly, just to refresh ourselves when we started 
the year, we wanted to kind of set a goal for ourselves and we said that we will be a billion 
dollar company and we said we will be at AIM30 So this is very important for us, as an 
organization, to galvanize and to seamlessly see how the entire organization will move single 
mindedly towards the goal of being a billion dollar company. It was very important for 3i 
because 3i used to be a billion dollar company way back in 2008.  This milestone we achieved 
as a team in this new rebooted organization of 3i Infotech. So we also redefined our vision, 
mission and goals for ourselves quickly to be a vision for ourselves. Just to remind all of us, we 
said we are a trusted global, one stop digital transformation partner who will deliver business 
excellence and exceptional outcomes to our customers in this new digital decade. It is very 
important for us, this is a kind of a north pole for all of us. We also set ourselves with a 10 year 
plan very clearly saying that what is that we are going to achieve year on year. So the year gone 
by we set ourselves a goal saying we want to hit INR 630 crores and we will share the highlights 
of our results and we also had milestones in terms of what is that we will be able to achieve in 
various points of time in our journey to become a INR 7,500 crore organization. So as we move 

 
Page 2 of 20 
on to the next slide We said we will break this 10 year journey into shorter milestones. So the 
next 5 years, the year one, we very clearly said this is a year of change and differentiate because 
we are coming out of a carve out a profitable product management, product division has gone 
away. We only inherited the services organization, we had to build an all new organization 
again. Good thing about that is the product organization main 3i is free that's the positive, but 
then we have to restart rebuild ourselves. So we probably call ourselves, you know, a kind of a 
$90 billion startup organization. So that's the mantra which we have been building. So change 
and differentiate was a theme for the first year. We wanted to kind of lay a strong foundation 
for future growth started to drive the change management because it is very important as a 
company which is rebooting, we need to rediscover ourselves. We kind of recalibrate ourselves, 
reskill, and right skill of people so the important point is to align the lever and drive business 
with conviction. The important thing is an organization which realizes for where we 3i is at this 
point of time, where we are in a catch up mode, that all appears, we need to differentiate to 
survive and thrive, it is very important for us, we cannot do what our peers do, because we 
have a catch up and we have to differentiate and to survive and thrive. It as a key message, for 
year one change and differentiate. I will touch upon some of these points as we go by. The 
second year and now as we embark in this new year, very clearly, we want to disrupt and 
challenge a very clear year of disruption and challenge because that is the only way that I will 
thrive. So we need to catch up and accelerate, we want to hunt together as one pack of one 
organization, across functions, across teams, we want to hunt together as one pack, that is 
very-very important for us. Disrupt competition with commercial models, because we have to 
be a disruptor by coming up with more intelligent, innovative commercial models. We want to 
be an organization who’s not risk averse, we are ready to explore, we are ready to experiment, 
we are ready to fail fast as a challenge and that is going to be the core DNA of the company 
going forward. So just to quickly refresh our memories of our offerings. Fundamentally, if you 
look at it, we can have sharpened our offerings. If you look at the next slide, we call it AAA, 
which is our core offering, which is (Application Automation and Analytics) as a service, which 
is our core site we kind of made our offerings more streamlined, very focused. Cloud First is a 
kind of Arrowhead, which we built now, with a new range of services, we will talk about it. We 
have a digital Kpass and repass, digital DBS and future technologies is our build organization 
where we are building next generation, cognitive computing, edge computing, and so on so 
forth. We talk about that digital infrastructure management business, which is a mainstream 
business and we also know selling global command center as a service. So broadly, these are 
key offerings by which we are going to the market and so what I will do is, I will quickly give up 
a business summary of the year gone by. See, quarter on quarter, we have been having a 
challenging year, because we are managing a lot of our legacy issues, One time cost, we have 
been doing a lot of proactive cleaning of our P&L,  but Q4FY22 was a great quarter for all of us, 
because Q4, as an organization, we got our operating rhythm or operating profits.  So if you 
look at Q4FY22, we kind of exited with INR 175.6 crores, which is almost 6% growth, quarter 
on quarter and an annual INR 677 crores, which is 11.2% growth on last year's exit services 
revenue. I think this has been the first major growth of 3i in quite some time and that was a 

 
Page 3 of 20 
covered entity. I think that is a remarkable performance by the organization with so much of 
variables and now this momentum will help us to go forward. On the EBITDA level if you look 
at our Q4 we have been at INR 3.5 crores profit, though at consolidated PAT level, we have 
been minus INR 3.9 crores, but the good point is at an operating level, we have now hit 
profitability. That's the message I want to leave to the shareholders that is the profitable, we 
turn around. We got our numbers, right. We have revered our all the exceptional cards and we 
are now into the green zone. So that's the positive, which I want to call out. If you look at the 
net cash, we exited with INR 73.4 crores. We spoke about the revenue growth, which has been 
pretty good for all of us and if you look at the year-on-year gross margin growth as we have 
really grown almost like around 11.2% which is also an addition of almost INR 28.9 crores on 
the gross margin level. So as we optimize our cost as we drive improvements, my other 
colleagues will also talk about all that, we will see that the upside in terms of the EBITDA coming 
in, in terms of the business and strategy, we will sign a strategic alliance with MDEC Malaysia. 
In fact, we are launching our first NuRe 3i plus services, which is the Oracle powered sovereign 
cloud services in July. Unfortunately, due to the recent supply chain delays, we are supposed 
to go live in April, we will finally go live in July. This is a huge strategic way forward for the 
company, because we will offer new NuRe 3i+powered services for the SMB segment in 
Malaysia. This is a huge one of the strategies which are executed. The second thing is from a 
NuRe product launch from a 3i plus we have gone live on your NuRe 3i edge and Desk and in 
fact, the good news is that some of these products are now started getting their own 
customers. So they are becoming independent line of businesses for this year. So we are 
considering revenue plans for these products we are built and launched last year. So that's a 
very good news for the organization. We have invested in Exium you have seen the press 
releases, it is also part of a build strategy where we want to have strategic partnerships with 
startups brought to bring them part of our kind of ecosystem and we want to kind of see how 
we can co-create IP. So this is a first step forward. Exium is our next generation technology 
company with 5G frameworks in terms of which are the deployment 4g, this is going to give a 
huge, momentum for our edge computing business. So in terms of SASE in terms of its security 
in terms of edge analytics, edge application being in 5G, this is a huge step forward for the 
company and we will co-create IPs which you want to take in the market along with next year. 
Resident entrepreneur programs is live. We spoke about in Q3 as well cognitive computing 
services is now calling revenues this year and we have EduTech what resonates as a second 
entrepreneurial program where we are going to offer cloud based educational ERP as a service 
for our clients. The other important aspect we are also making progress and SD-WAN and SASE 
built on SDN technology as well. Finally, our telecom media and entertainment Co is now live. 
We have other teams going live this year. This year is a huge focus area for us to kind of execute 
our promise around 5G powered services. We are now selling about 5G lab as a service. As we 
are speaking our first build or NextGen services lab is now being set up in IIT Madras Research 
Park and you will see the launch very shortly. An oracle COE is now being built and we are 
launching this as an exclusive Oracle COE end to end not just for the cloud, the entire end  in 
terms of application development testing focused on Oracle we are launching this 100 member 

 
Page 4 of 20 
COE and in tier 3 city and we are opening it in mid of third week of June, we will keep you 
updated about it we are very excited about it because all these are going to enable the 
company to generate more profitable revenue and in terms of career excellence, this is one 
thing which we want to kind of stay focus this year is very important for us to keep, you know 
optimizing our run business investing in our grow business so that we can change the revenue 
mix and invest in building business so that we can grant IP and valuation for the company. So 
delivery excellence is extremely very important aspect of it and Harish here joins this along 
with Sanjay because it's important that we drive this margin enhancements programs. So that 
we are able to kind of, and this is the first time I think, 3i is giving an outlook to our shareholders 
right now. So we are confident that we are going to hit these numbers on kind of what I call 
the blood commit and quarter on quarter we will come back and report back on that. On client 
side, if you look at it, we have added a lot of new MSAs this year, we need to expand these 
MSAs. It is a very important point we have new MSA almost 40 new customers, every small 
customer, big or small is important. It is important for us to now start finding these customers 
expanding these accounts. So the good news is that. If you look at last year, we almost added 
INR 106 crores from our existing clients in terms of new revenues, which we added last year, 
which is very helpful for us to bring some of the erosions which happened, and then still also 
grow almost close to 11%. So building our existing customers, found them is very important 
and how we want to maximize our revenues, our new logos is also really important strategy 
and this year, again, we are taking a target of almost INR 100 crores on a book across our 
growing well, I will talk more about it in the way forwards slides. We spoke about some of the 
large deals we have taken  in the US, which is now contributing revenues. Our run rates are 
increasing those profitable revenues will change the revenue mix on the margin mix for the 
years to come. So we quickly go to the Q4 highlights, if you look at it, last year, we exceeded 
6.8 if you look at it, and we are hit around INR 676 crores which is a very positive momentum. 
In terms of revenue momentum we got have proportionately optimized our direct costs. If you 
look at gross margin (GM) has gone up from 66%to 95.4%. Now we need to work on conversion 
from GM to EBITDA. So that's a real focus for this year. So we got our basic foundations right 
in terms of revenue momentum in terms of GM enhancements, We did an optimize our costs 
and this year, without all the one-time costs which we had last year, just to refresh our 
memories, we proactively took a hit almost 16.3 Cr in Q3FY22 of our slow moving debts 
because as a company, we said that we are going to clean up all these slow moving debts to 
get up foundations, right. So we took a hit of almost INR 60.3 crores. Our selling cost is now 
optimized, because we will not kind of write what I will say that we want to deploy our selling 
cost more towards the growth in the build more than the run. So we kind of calibrating our 
cost, redeploy our cost in such a way that we get the maximum bang for our buck. Our GA cost 
is getting optimized, we will optimize it further this year, because a lot of optimization and I 
will allow Harish and Sanjay to talk more about it because we want to optimize that further, 
because that is the only way we will be able to hit the outlook, which we are promising all of 
you. So as you go to the next slide, if you look at it will give you a kind of lines of businesses 
performances across the various lines, if you look at it across application automation and 

 
Page 5 of 20 
analytics, the infrastructure management business has been around pretty good for us. I think 
there is a huge momentum in that space. Even right now as we speak we call it the digital 
infrastructure management business. We have been disrupting our own traditional data center 
management, your FMS business. We are disrupting it with our own technology, power 
enablement into that. So we got an upside on our GMs there. If you look at it has gone up to 
almost 23.2%, which is the plus   side that I want to call out and if you look at the one on one 
as well as the cloud first, which is our new baby last year, which is opening account and the 
good news, we got a large wheels, which is going to build further, if you look at it, the GM is 
almost 48%. This is the type of business we want to change this year. This is  important that we 
get into this revenue mix change We are going to change the mix and that's the margins and 
create value for all your all of you. So as we move on to the next slide, if you look at it, I will 
quickly go out of business region above in these as well for a benefit of everybody. We have 
kind of renamed our regions I spoke about in Q3 as well. IBR is a India business region, GBR is 
global business region, which is Americas and EMEA, EBR is the emerging business region which 
is South Asia, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Australia are new geographies we want 
to expand this year, It currently is just Southeast Asia, if you look at it, fundamentally, broadly, 
the areas for improvement for us this year very clearly, we want to look at our IBR business in 
terms of profitability, about a huge tailwind in terms of order books and in terms of business 
growth, which is there from IBR we are expecting this year, but in parallel, we will have to work 
on optimizing costs and increasing our margins, which is our focus area. GBR, we have been 
kind of holding growth of this year, we need to change our focus on the revenue exchange, big 
geographies, we want to focus on grow and build business, not really focused on the volume, 
we are really focused on value change. So IBR will drive volume for us. GBR will drive value for 
us. So that's a very, very clear mixture, we want to talk about it in terms of the new lines of 
business, we want to how the GBR accurate and that's the kind of business plan we are put 
together and EBR is our is something that we want to rebuild ourselves, get back some of our 
lost ground in some of these territories, and relaunch ourselves in some of the new geographies 
as well. So broadly, to summarize, if we look at it, EBITDA margin will be a key focus across all 
regions, it is a relative statement, they all have improved and you know, we're looking at GBR 
going up on both like 15% and India going up to almost like 8% and that's what we have to kind 
of target and the EBR going up to almost 10% on business EBITDA levels. So, this is the key 
focus for the business regents. I will move the next slide, which gives you a kind of, I am not 
going to talk through it, but broadly gives you a kind of split off the business because these are 
most of the questions which are normally asked, we kind of wanted to share them itself. So 
this year,  clearly our focus area will be on telecommunication. We are now building our 
telecom CoE, which is sell to Telcos and sell through Telcos. So as I am talking to you, we are 
now working with Telcos to partner to take on NuRe Edge to their customers. So this is a first 
multiplier. So next year, when we talk about it, we will see telecom revenue mix changing 
dramatically. The second focus area will be manufacturing, very clearly, we want to focus on 
the mid-market and SMB, again, NuRe powered SMB segments in the manufacturing FMCG is 
something that you want to focus. So these two will be our focus areas and we want to kind of 

 
Page 6 of 20 
invest in building this as we defend and grow our BFSI, high tech information technology as you 
continue to do that, but we want to grow these new industries. So I go to the next slide, which 
also gives you a kind of a split across top clients. So it's an opportunity for the company. I've 
always said that because it is important for us to build on this million dollar customers, we have 
17 customers who have given us greater than a million dollar plus. So this is a very clear revenue 
and where we are targeting to get our first some of them are we got $3 million, or $4 million. 
But now we want to get this $5 million club. So how do we get to this $5 million dollars at target 
for some of these million dollar customers and we also need to kind of increase this 500k to 1 
million also $2 million. So that's a very clear account based strategy, which we are working on 
this year. So that's a company is super focused on it's an account based strategy, whether it's 
an account P&L right from a geography P&L, we want to look at an account P&L, I want to see 
how an account based strategy in terms of marketing of sales in terms of practice, in terms of 
now offerings, we want you to stay focused on this. So this is going to be a very, very important 
business KPI which we you want to focus and report all of you are caught on product bases of 
how this makes changes how our auto book changes, how our revenue recognition changes, 
how our profitability changes across customers. So maybe I will take a break here and then 
maybe I will request Sanjay to give us update on the next slide.  
Sanjay Rawa:  
Thanks Thompson. Good evening, everyone and thanks for joining the call today evening. Just 
want to give a kind of a snapshot of our key financials that is the profit and loss statement and 
balance sheet most of you guys will have gone through the numbers. So I will give you some 
key numbers that we have which I wanted to highlight the numbers for the top line. We grew 
by you know, for the year by 11.2%, which is about INR 10 crores revenue in terms of top line. 
Primarily our revenue has come up due to our US region growing and the India region growing, 
these are the two major regions which have grown. On the employee cost side, on a quarterly 
basis have done a lot of margin improvements. I think that has been one of the significant 
reason for our EBITDA to be positive. Thereafter, I would say, we are working now, on the 
bottom line to see that we come from the breakeven to show that we get to a positive PAT in 
the coming quarters, that has been our endeavor and that is what we are working towards, 
quickly going through the balance sheet part, I want to give some basic, highlights on the 
balance sheet, our CAPEX for the entire year has been if I remove the right to use assets, right 
to use assets have been about INR 29 crores on the various leased assets that we have taken 
for our activities, which primary laptops that we take. So we have, our own laptops, which we 
have taken for about 7 crores and in office renovation, so it has been about along with the 
capital work in progress that we have also, actually accounted in Q4 towards the build projects 
that we have. We have a total capitalization of about 18 crores, which excludes the leased 
assets, right to use assets. That is one of the key factors in the asset part of it. That's more on 
the asset part and on the current assets part our trade receivables are more or less in line with 
the last in fact, on our increased revenue, we will be able to kind of collect a lot of sticky debts, 
I would say over the last one year that has resulted in our DSO going down by two days, our 
billed DSO has come down from 53 days to 51 days and put together unbilled has been more 

 
Page 7 of 20 
or less the same number we are working towards so unbilled is at about 40 days right now. So 
all put together we are at 91 days, so billed and unbilled as a DSO for the company which we 
are working towards to further streamline and see that how we can reduce that over the 
coming quarters. Our cash balance has been at INR. 128 crores that also includes certain margin 
money deposits that we placed with our various customers for performance guarantees. On a 
pure play, I would say our cash balance has increased over the last I would say not over the last 
quarter we have made a significant improvement, but our net cash after the borrowing is at 
INR 73 crores, that's kind of a positive side. So we are not negative cash position. So, I mean, 
these were the few of the major highlights and other lines have been already been talked 
about. We have been able to clear all our debts we are accounted on as a company we are a 
debt free company, we have some short term working capital borrowing for our expansion 
purposes, which we are in a time and again kind of taking but on our long term debts we are 
clear. We do not have any debt for the company. So that's the highlighting point. So that's all I 
have from the finance. Any questions further we have. We are happy to take any questions. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Thanks, Sanjay, maybe we will quickly go to that and we will keep more time for the questions. 
So quickly what I thought this is the year gone by but let's talk about the year ahead and also I 
think that's the most interesting part, which we wanted to share with you. We are excited to 
share with you, so some quick glimpse on the business strategy for everybody's benefit. We 
are going to next slide just to refresh our memories, I think we use these three terminologies 
which is run, grow and build, which has become our fundamental methodology by which we 
want to run this businesses and each and independent P&Ls in various stages of maturity. So 
the run is predominantly our current enterprise businesses, grow is the new lines of businesses 
which we are building. So the run plus grow are like the total to P&L which we are so focused 
and if you look at the statement, which we make in the run plus grow has to be profitable as 
simple as that, actually, it is very, very simple. Build is something which we are building for the 
future. This is a value creation, IP creation and this build once we build these platforms product 
AI services, IP creation, beyond that it also becomes commercial grade and gets the growth. So 
that's the kind of cycle which we want to get off, view that so build for grow and come back to 
grow as a P&L and that's the way we want to do that some of the build projects will accelerate 
very-very quickly so that we can commercial allies that very-very fast and are allies can be 
faster. So quickly on some headlines, one of the key things you want to do is also see, we have 
legacy subsidiaries and organization structure, which has been handed over to this new 3i, we 
are quickly working on shutting down subsidiaries, which are not part of the global way 
forward, advised by one of the big fours and we are going to restructure the entire global 
organization structure and shutting down all the old subsidiaries and realign the new 
organization structure with the way forward. So that is the one thing what we are doing in our 
war footing, it is very important for us to hit align the strategy of the organization design. The 
second thing is also very clearly, we want to be ruthless about eliminating any non-profitable 
engagements, done that in a systematic way, we want to do more, that is why I said in terms 
of account P&L focus is going to be account based, it's going to be project based, we want to 

 
Page 8 of 20 
be very, very clear about that and we want to have reduced/right cost the support of existing 
businesses, we need to dimension discussed, because post any carve out or when you have a 
highly profitable product business going away, and the residue organization services business, 
versus the product lead organization, and we need to kind of ignored right cost, or right size, 
the entire support organization, which we're doing it, we have made some progress, but we 
need to get that right, because that has to be kind of, lean and trim to support it, because we 
need to kind of fund the future organization. So we need to kind of going to right size, the 
several organizations, is very, very clear about it and again, they are very important to 
rightScale and rescale, the organization, because it's very important for us to fortify to run 
accounts as we are growing new lines of business, we need to re-influence our run businesses 
because it pays our bills. We also want to proactively cannibalize some revenues in deploying 
the new grow and build lots of new kind of taking down budgets. It's a very bold call. Companies 
do not do that, but you are taking a budget saying that we are going to proactively cannibalize 
some of our revenues to demonstrate our grow and build. Because it is again part of the entire 
DNA of experiment, explore and sail fast, and demonstrate to the world what we want to kind 
of practice what we preach, we will practice this is very clear, this is the message on what we 
want to do. The grow business I think we talked a lot about it. So this year is a year of NuRe. 
NuRe is a new brand, which 3i is pushing across, and this year, we will see very, very clear 
change in terms of new lines of services, the new revenues being added across plus 3i, Edge 
Desk, and all the new lines of services to talk about it and secondly, we want to kind of come 
up with more commercial models, which will challenge the competition, so we all kind of do 
that. We spoke about the central telecom. So watch out for us in terms of reporting the same 
lines, what is our Telcos’ businesses going to give with ‘sell to Telcos’ or ‘sell through Telcos’, it 
is new industry vertical, the SME segment in market manufacturing, we want to talk about in a 
new ray line of services is something which you want to kind of focus and drive the revenue 
with change, to build business just to say we will, cognitive computing is going to be the 
spearhead there, which is going to lead and we have all the investments we made last year will 
now start giving us revenues built in data science and analytics is going to be in self learning 
technology. So we are going to do that. We invested in Oracle COE, we are going to do that and 
some of the investments we make this year will be on 5G lab as a service is something we want 
to focus. I will update on how we are going to take it forward and there is a good market for it 
and we want to be leaders in that and we lead us in edge computing and industry 4.0 in terms 
of manufacturing, convergence of IoT Edge computing in analytics is a way forward. Private 
Networks and SD-WAN is a huge focus area, which we want to talk about it. We got some good 
funnel in this and we will be happy to report some of the victories of deals once we grow them 
in the coming quarters. So quickly just to refresh everybody's memories, because this is the 
design structure on the go to market for the company, we are divided as regions, which is a 
P&L of the company is broken down into GBR, IBR and EBR. The next is the industry verticals, 
within industry verticals, we have the accounts. So that's the entire P&L structure of the 
organization, the way we want to look at. Horizontally, we have the run business, which is 
Enterprise Services, which is our traditional lines of businesses, the digital business, which is 

 
Page 9 of 20 
the grow business or the new lines of services we spoke about. FutureTech is the name we 
have given for our next generation technology, cognitive 5G, that's how it is and we are also 
building a consulting business today, because last year, due to our priorities, we couldn’t do it 
this year, the focus area will be to strengthen our consulting business, because we want to be 
that end to end business outcome service provider, but we need to strengthen our consulting 
business consulting capability to bring that convergence between domain, industry and 
technology. So that's very, very important. The balance of the horizontals will support this 
organization structure and design. So we will go to the next slide again, it's just a refresher for 
all of you, because this is our North pole we don't change it, this is a way we want to look at it, 
how we want to change the mix of revenue from volume to value from, transaction pricing to 
outcome based pricing, and how we want to increase the profitability from 15 to 25% to higher 
margins is what we want to focus. So this is a very, very important slide, which will keep 
reminding ourselves on what are the lines of services, what we are doing today, and how we 
want to change this mix and as the quarters go by, we will be happy to share how the revenue 
mix is changing in each of these quarters because that's the focus for this year. This is not only 
a year of providing sustainable profits, at operating level, but also trying to see how we are 
going to change the revenue mix for the company. I move on to the next slide. So here I would 
want to, request Harish to come and talk about it. Because it is very, very important for us of 
how to convert this entire business strategy into a business excellence framework, our human 
capital and people strategy, because very-very important for us request Harish to kind of talk 
about this. 
Harish Shenoy:  
Good afternoon. Good evening, everybody. So I think a lot of information on these slides, few 
numbers on the topside is the vision that we want to achieve. We have given the timelines also 
and the numbers that you want to achieve and the entire purpose of this slide is how we 
achieve the goals that we have set for us as an organization, all the segregation of business 
focus areas, all that Thompson has mentioned all this while in the call. I think we would need 
to have strategy to achieve those. So to achieve some strategies, we first need to assess where 
we stand as an organization and what we have done in this first year of new 3I Infotech, I would 
say. So we identified where are the baseline? Where do we stand as an organization? We 
clearly defined what are the key objectives after we did define the baselines whether it is 
market development, whether it's process improvement internally, whether it's people 
development, nation technologies, or the culture improvement as such. So we start if you look 
at the initial slides we defined, we started with defining key values for our employees. So that's 
where we started from as an organization. When we are talking about all these things, we also 
mentioned about a Rs. 835 crores, and EBITDA30 crores as the focus for FY2023. So please do 
not get misled by this number. This is the focus for us internally to build capabilities. Okay, we 
cannot be building capabilities, what we want to achieve, we want to get capabilities beyond 
that, because at the end of the year, we will want to have an INR 100 Crore order book. So, 
first of April next year, when we are sitting on INR 100 crore order book, we should not be 
looking here and there to see how to deliver that because we not will scale to that level. So to 

 
Page 10 of 20 
scale to that level, we are looking at building capabilities beyond what we will be achieving. So 
that is where we have split this into like five key areas where the organization strategy and the 
people strategy gets aligned. Key initiatives that we are internally taking is we are very clearly 
moving away from the bell curve people evaluation to a goal congruence evaluation for the 
employees. When we are talking about this it's like the bellcurve used to be relative 
performance of an employee to his peers within the organization. Here we are very clearly 
defining what the organization should achieve and what the employee should do, it is not 
relative what his peers are relative to what his targets were to be achieved for the year and 
how he is faring. So it helps us benchmark achieve what we decided rather than looking around 
peer competition and in fighting among themselves. So it's a cultural change that we are taking 
up as an organization and we are moving ahead. So having said that for market development 
very clearly we know that we have to have increased focus on customers across all verticals 
that we intend to get into the industries. So the selling has been more of about what our 
competencies are. But now we will move into storytelling consultative sales pitch about how 
we can as an organization help your areas of improvement, I think, there are quite a lot of areas 
we have picked up on Market Development quite a few of them, you would have seen how we 
have fared in this last year gone by I think we have done a substantial on the brand visibility 
where we stood as an organization, the beginning of the year, and where we are today, 
Thompson definitely has been like interacting with you all I think more than once every quarter, 
within various forums, I would say that is only going to increase here on because is also starting 
to get on to international forums and share our organization's pitch there. So the various 
initiatives on the market development where that we are doing, taking up and internally like I 
think we have defined the key performance indicators for each of the key objectives that we 
want to achieve. I will not go through each one of them. But I think very specific approach in 
terms of the process automation that we have done, the people development that we are 
doing, we have had a lot of challenges with people development, I will say instead of a people 
attraction would have was a challenge for us at the beginning of the year, I think we have a sort 
of tide it over that challenge, we have sort of got a strong team and the senior management of 
the organization and I think we are building the next level organization now which will help us 
achieve the top big numbers that we have quoted at the top of the slides here. So that's about 
what we are talking about people development, obviously, like the entire industry is hit by the 
attrition rate that's like going on, we are trying to have multiple different modes of 
engagement, whether it's flexibility to the people, how they want to engage with us whether 
it's full time, part time, different models we have internally which is helping us at time through 
this tough times, though we had very poor brand value as an employee friendly organization 
in the beginning of the year, I think we moved on from on the Employee Development Index, 
also. NextGen I think Thompson has mentioned enough about it in the earlier slides I will leave 
it you all to go through it and I think cultural improvement also, when I think in year FY22 to 23 
we are targeting 100% employee satisfaction internally and customer satisfaction externally 
with this entire cultural improvement program that we have done. In towards the mid of last 
year, we have employed market leaders who we have worked very closely with our senior and 

 
Page 11 of 20 
mid management teams, identifying areas, cultural issues within the organizations and we have 
like worked quite a lot, quite a bit of the distance there and achieved that. So by and large, this 
is how we are like as an organization, aligning people to the business strategies that we have 
already defined for us in the years to come I would say. So over to you Thomson. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Thanks Harish, so just to you know, summarize on that I think it is very important for us to have 
this goal congruence and goal cascading, what Harish spoke about, because translation of this 
business strategy to the last trance is very important. That's the focus for us and in fact that 
changing the entire, methodology of marrying the business KPIs to the rewards philosophy for 
employees. So there's absolute congruence in terms of what is it for them and what is working 
for the company What does it for all of us have all essentially so it's very important and this 
year is really critical year where we want to kind of accelerate on this. Thanks Harish. So quickly 
on finally for the outlook, I think there is a very important point we wanted to have for a first 
time, we want to kind of set up a form of goal which all of you can hold as accountable as a 
management team. As of now as an exit, as you saw our exit numbers,we are saying we will 
be, our outlook is almost at INR 760 crores with an EBITDA of INR 15 crores before all of you 
jump off saying I have some of my well-wisher shareholders say why only INR 15 crores? I am 
going to proactively answer some of these questions before you guys ask me. So this INR 760 
crores is visibility of order book and backlog what we have today confirmed and plan which we 
have. Secondly, we are also having investments in our sales organization, If you look at it, we 
investing quite a sizable amount of amount in the sales organization, who are now building 
consultative sales organization, who can help us change the revenue mix, change from volume 
to value, that's a very, very important point for us as an organization. So that is where we are 
now targeting an INR 100 crore order book. It is very important for us to get this INR 100 crore 
order book, obviously, the next question is what percentage of that we want to kind of convert 
this year. So that's the upside we are hoping for, and we can maybe as the quarters go by, we 
can come and tell you the good news of how we are progressing around it. So this INR 100 
crore order book is kind of given for us. We are much focused to ensure that we do that. The 
key part is we want to have a considerable change in the value business in this INR 100 crore 
order book. So you look at all the new logos which are there is all the hard work of the build 
teams, which happened last year. They have been extremely busy in building this new line of 
businesses. This has been a parallel light, how we are safeguarding the run business in building 
the grow business in parallel we are building the new platforms and products. It is a remarkable 
year for all of us. It's a remarkable, challenging year, but we thoroughly enjoyed it as a team if 
you ask me, and you know, we are so excited about that. Because these are the new babies, 
which we want to see how they can now to crawl, walk and run. I think that's very, very 
important and finally, if you look at the revenue mix also because this is some of the targets, 
we want to take for ourselves, getting down into the compound, one of it what is the revenue, 
the exchange we are going to, whether it's part of COE or cloud first, or digital B/K PaaS, AAA 
cognitive, these are targets we have taken. So even if we look at from INR 100 crore order book 
or even within the INR 760 crores, we want to see can we get this revenue contribution from 

 
Page 12 of 20 
these lines of business because this is very important. It's not just getting the top line. But can 
I change of revenue mix design because this is going to be hugely, adding to our bottom line, 
and also some of the other SASE businesses where we want to sell through our Telcos. If you 
look at it, this is huge business. If you look at the NuRe edge, if some of our POCs go well with 
the Telcos, it's a huge force multiplier because we are going to sell it to the Telcos customer. 
So this is huge and these are some targets we are taking for ourselves, which is sell through 
Telcos. So broadly, these are the outlook is maybe I will pause here because I think we are kind 
of going beyond on time, we need more time for the questions.  
Moderator:  
We will now move to the Q&A session. So the first question is from the line of Asif Iqbal. We 
will unmute you Asif. Please introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Asif Iqbal:  
We had earlier talked about the result of this quarter in the last meeting also, many 
congratulations for coming to the very near profitable target. Before I start, I just want to 
highlight one thing, the EBITDA that you are giving for FY23, it is just 2% of the total revenue 
that is INR 760 crore, with that EBITDA, and we see on a projected basis, we see it is unable to 
come to the profitable bottom line. There is something wrong with the EBITDA. So I want 
clarification on the EBITDA for FY23 and what would be the EBITDA margin going forward by 
when would we see the normalized EBITDA of industry level 15% or 20% EBITDA level that is 
the industry average we have this is one question. Second, I would like to as we have discussed 
earlier, some guidance for the next quarter. What would be the revenue and profitability, if 
not on the growth part, how the growth would be for the next quarter and what the attrition 
rate is right now because we have seen big companies having an attrition rate of 20-27%. So 
what is the attrition rate 3i right now and how we would see going forward SASE business go 
for what and what is the traction we are seeing in the market? 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Okay, you have got four questions here. One is on the outlook. I will try and answer one by 
one. The first one on the outlook is just to set a context, I think this is the first time 3i is giving 
an Outlook. So one is we are first coming out of the worst and this is a position from a point of 
time from right now where we are today and it only improves ourselves, the way we look at it 
as a management team as this is where we are today and I say if you see my last slide, I spoke 
about a INR 100 crore order book we are talking about and the conversion of the order book 
will be done definitely conversion of the order book of revenues this year, right. It is not just 
you will just book orders and you don't convert revenues and we are hoping that will be the 
upside to EBITDA to your point. So you know, I would probably leave it at that because that is 
where the very important point is that what is the outlook today and how it converts into our 
final numbers is where we are we are looking at it and we will keep giving you a progress report 
on this quarter on quarter because this is the first step forward Asif, in terms of at least what 
we want to communicate is that the past is behind us. The variability is behind us because you 
can see last three quarters, every quarter, we had some exceptional item coming to us, we 
were cleaning up, and we were doing all that. So we want to kind of you know, ensure that 
there is predictability to our shareholders. So that is the first step I will do that. The second 

 
Page 13 of 20 
question is maybe the quarter question, maybe I will not be able to do it right now, maybe we 
will take it there. The third question which you asked about is the employee attrition, which is 
what you spoke Asif. So if you look at the attrition rate, it is an industry phenomena I do not 
think, obviously, we are also having a challenge. Definitely our attrition is higher than, almost 
equal, if not much, too much, you know, it's more or less, maybe one or 2% higher than the 
industry as well where we are. So what we are doing is we are mitigating our risks. As I said, 
we are now as I am speaking to you, we are setting up these COEs in tier 3 cities. I do not want 
to talk about the city because there will be a formal press release of this opening. The opening 
is for June 24, 2022. So that is our first CoE in our tier 3 city focused on Oracle CoE. So that is 
something is a mitigation plan. We are looking at it because there are other peer companies 
who have done it and there are literally zero attrition in some of those territories if you look at 
it. So that is what we want to kind of do that. The second other question he asked is when will 
we get to the level of other peer organizations IT industries. So I think just to remind all of you 
because we have this question is being there quite and often in every quarter, because see 3i 
was a typically a product led company, it was not typically a services company, which you can 
benchmark with other companies, the product led company, which also had services. Now, 
when you get carved out of that, you are redefining yourself. So what we have today, if you 
look at it, if you look at our revenue mix itself, our offshore business is hardly 25%, which is if I 
say my export business, which is a straight opposite for any other peer company, you go, 
because obviously there is no brainer, when somebody is doing 75% offshore delivery to US, 
and any of the developed economies, doing that margins are no trouble at all. So for us is, we 
have to systematically change that mix. That is one, that's what we are attempting to do. The 
second is we also have to develop new products, so that we have higher margin business. So 
we needed a journey. If you ask me, can we overnight do that? Is it possible? Is it possible to 
do that, because it is a journey, where we have to change the revenue mix of what we inherited 
to what we are now building, and then maybe we will be able to change the revenue mix. So 
that is what if you look at it, if you look at our slightly medium term forecast, which we gave in 
three years, where we will be able to hit at least to that levels by that time all these new lines 
of businesses, what we call as value business or grow and build we will start generating those 
higher margins. So if you see that chart also, if you look at our cloud business it is generating 
48% gross margin, none of our current businesses do that. But it is very small today, but this 
year that will become bigger, some of the new lines will become bigger. So those contributions 
are changing. So over a period of time, the spiritual lines will come down, and the new grow 
and build lines will start going up and then that is where we'll we will be able to catch up with 
the marketplace so that is my question Asif and you also had a question on SASE businesses 
right, I got all your questions. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Mr. Harpreet Punj. Sir I request you to unmute yourself, please 
introduce yourself and the firm you represent and go ahead and ask a question. 

 
Page 14 of 20 
Harpreet Punj : 
I just want to understand there are two targets we are taking rather what I understood one is 
INR 760 crores and INR 15 crores EBITDA. Then second is basically INR 835 crores and then INR 
30 crores EBITDA, so we would like to be, certain which one targets as an investor we should 
take rather than as a management you are taking internally, but when we are, when we should 
take number one, number two, what is our employee strength right now and number three, 
any pipeline for the new business lines?  
Thompson Gnanam:  
So, the first target I think what we should commit is that our group we are given is as of today, 
we will quarter on quarter, we will review it and upgrade it which is INR 760 crores and INR. 15 
crores is what we are saying right now, INR 100 crores order book is what we are trying to 
achieve that is our target we are running with conversion of order book of INR 100 crores we 
will translate. So to your question think we should take INR 760 crores to team as a commit 
from the management team as of today, right assuming even if we do not sell anything the 
whole year, and my entire sales team go proper. We will get these numbers. It is as simple as 
that. Okay, that's the one. The second point is you had a question on what is the employee 
headcount.  So the exit is 5,600. So there also if you look at it, we are more focused on trying 
to increase our employee mix loss. It is a very very clear strategy. We are closing out low value 
contracts which are high on net count, low on margins, and low on value on revenue per 
employees. So for us the very-very important aspect this year is growing the revenue per 
employee. So our focus will be not growing the number of headcount but you know, replacing 
accounts with more profitable revenue. So more of cloud first, more of AAA, and more of digital 
IMS, more of automation led BPS is our focus and so we want to change that mix of revenues 
drastically and not allow any of these volume driving mixes away and though it is very tempting 
for all of us, because it gives you a top line, it gives but you have taken a very -very clear view, 
we are not going to do that, because that is not going to help us in the long run. So that is my 
point on employee mix. The other question you asked about is the pipeline we are talking 
about, I will quickly touch upon some pipeline we spoke about last time about large deals in 
terms of the cloud transformation those fields are now starting to give us better revenue, 
better run rate revenues or realization of those largely revenues to be here this year. That is a 
positive sign. Similar pipeline is building because we want to kind of, see how we can leverage 
the best practice across the world. So the cloud first cloud transformation very similar to back 
rows kind of deals are our focus areas we are focusing, a second also is that we are also having 
plenty of pilots now in terms of automation lead, digital be classified call in the mortgage 
industry. We are very hopeful some of these paid pilots will pay off, because these are next 
generation deals because they are disrupting existing incumbents in terms of its cost per 
transaction because it has to be higher on automation, high on cognitive index. These pilots 
are paid pilots, hopefully, these are now main geographies like US. We are hoping that these 
will materialize into large deals for us this year and this will be really, if we win it, Harpreet I we 
will come back and change the outlook by end of Q1 for sure. We got to in fact, we are all busy 
traveling and trying to close these deals as well. Finally also one important pilot also we are 
running is block chain powered background verification. It is a very, very important project for 

 
Page 15 of 20 
us close to our hearts, because this again, disrupts the way background verification is done 
today, in the industry today. If we are successful in our pilots, this could be path breaking for 
3i Infotech. This could be a massive change in the revenue mix itself and these are pilots 
happening in UK, we are very hopeful these pilots have POCs commercial to large deals and I 
am just hoping we close these deals in Q1 and come back and tell you guys in Q1 end that we 
have closed these deals Harpreet and of course beyond that a lot of volume deals which are 
happening. In fact, in our infrastructure management space, there are plenty of deals, we are 
one and we are adding them in the digital infrastructure management and then went into 
application development as well which the funnel is pretty good which is building quickly. 
Moderator:  
There are a few questions in the chat box. We will just take a few of them before we go back 
to the raise of hands. One Mrs. Sudhakar in terms of debt to FCCB. Is there anything 
outstanding or everything is converted? 
Sanjay Rawa:  
No we are not converted to any of those debts to any kind of long term options. Yeah FCCB has 
been completely repaid. There is no outstanding and nothing has converted to like it is like zero 
debt zero liabilities 
Moderator:  
The next question is what is the expected net cash position for 31st March, 2023. Does the 
company need to raise equity or debt this financial year to carry out the plans outlined here? 
Sanjay Rawa:  
We may have to take some working capital limits to the extent that we may need for growth 
engine for the growth of our revenue but not any long term debt. We may not be needing any 
long term debt nor we may need any kind of capital equity infusion. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Absolutely, absolutely I think our focus will be to work within what we have and work within 
our residual receivables from our  
Sanjay Rawa:  
Working capital that may be needed for the expansion. Absolutely. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
We will take a question from the raise of hands. Mr. Siddharth Gupta we are going to unmute 
you. Please unmute yourself Introduce yourself the firm you represent and ask your question. 
Siddharth Gupta:  
Good evening I am Siddharth Gupta I am partner at Voyager Capital. Congratulations on posting 
such a great set of numbers. It could have been better, but it's still pretty good. I will just start 
off with a comment for and which is a suggestion from my end and the others are a few 
questions. The first one is, it sounds actually a little unethical to say this, but Ukraine has 
actually thrown up a great opportunity because it is the hub for outsourcing for Central and 
Eastern Europe. So given that we do have certain presence in Europe, we could probably 
explore peddling our products there and capitalizing on this opportunity that has come up. That 
is the comment. My questions are, first of all, could you elaborate? So I mean, it is great that 
we posted a standalone profit, but as a consolidated, we have posted a little loss, we have 

 
Page 16 of 20 
nearly broken even. So could you just elaborate on what has been pulling us towards the 
negative territory? Secondly, are there any receivables left over from the carveout which are 
still to be properly received or I mean, which if you could elaborate where and exactly they are 
on the balance sheet, this is more for the general public so that the information is more clearly 
dispensed. Great that you clarified about the EBITDA with Harpreet’s question. So just correct 
me if I am wrong, from what I understand, INR 15 crore is the minimum EBITDA that the 
company will achieve, assuming there is further no sales that is happening, and you are trying 
to be a 30 crores EBITDA company by the end of the FY if that is the maximum range that we 
are looking at. So that is the ideal range we are looking at and the revenue is from INR 760 
crores to INR 835 crores. That being said, you did mention INR 100 crore order book. So, is the 
INR 760 crore incorporating the same or is it exclusive of that. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Exclusive, INR100 crores is the sales target Siddharth. 
Siddharth Gupta: 
So, assuming that INR 100 crore order book does not go through, I wish it does, but assuming 
it does not, we will still hit the INR 760 crore revenue. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Yeah, absolutely. 
Siddharth Gupta: 
And my last one is, I mean, you did mention that you are not looking to dilute any further 
equity. There was an exchange filing yesterday about a new about an ESOP plan that was 
implemented. Could you just elaborate a bit more on what more sort of equity dilution are we 
looking at through the ESOP program because that has been a concern for shareholders for a 
while. 
Sanjay Rawa: 
Okay, I think the impact of our government theories that we are operating in is pretty low in 
terms of the overall consolidated results, I would say, it is not even material to that impact, 
because we do not have any running expenses in those territories primarily we are waiting for 
certain intercompany transactions to get closed and probably that will take care of closure of 
those dormant territories as one secondly, on the essential research builds, the account 
receivables that we spoke about, we have about approximately INR 60 crores to be received 
from essentials now this is on couple of accounts one is deal related, deal related is more on 
the CPs that we have signed with them, which is getting close, one by one, I mean, we close 
one CP on the VTA transfer of the Saudi related entity. We also have another Thailand one 
which is getting through, we have certain regulatory related, I would not say something 
documentation to get completed, which is getting closed in the next one month or so. So, these 
are some of the you know, I would say CPs that we have for the deal related, receivables to get 
through, other than that we have some current account receivables on account of, customers 
long awaited what we also are in the verge of transferring all the customers to them. So, 
whichever is a non-related customer for that we are supporting. So we have some invoicing, 
which we still do. So that all together we have about INR 60 crores which we have to get I think 
that's planned during this year. 

 
Page 17 of 20 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Yeah, so the other ones kind of first question. I think, also that you spoke about Ukraine. In 
fact, we were on the verge of setting up our center in Ukraine, it is unfortunate that this war 
has broken and because there is a fantastic talent and even from a cost perspective, it is 
aggressive. So we also, as I am speaking to you, we are also trying to evolve a lot of Ukrainian 
refugees today. Now in Poland and Slovakia are willing to work and these are very aggressive 
rates, and we are trying to see if we can leverage that code. One is how do we leverage them, 
and in fact, is remarkable some of the rates are more aggressive. So that is what we pay in 
Bangalore and Hyderabad and, very, very good quality resources are available. So we are trying 
to leverage that. So that is the, like I said, it's unethical, but we also want to kind of see how to 
leverage them. One is trying to provide livelihoods to the refugees, but also from a business 
perspective, we are also able to attract good talent from at that point. The other point which 
you spoke, I think I clarified on the INR760 crores, and on the profitability stuff, and because of 
the important aspect is for us to convert this INR 100 crores order book, you know, into revenue 
and, we want to kind of write better margins for us, I think that is a very, very key focus for us 
this year and because of margin change, margin mix change is our focus for the year. So if you 
are not really good to go on the top line, just because you want to hit the volumes, we want to 
look at the quality of revenues, change the margin mix, optimize our cost, eliminate waste, 
systematically.  
Moderator:  
Yes, we will go to the next question. Mr. Asif Koti, we are going to unmute you. Please unmute 
yourself and ask your question. Yes, Mr. Asif, please introduce yourself? 
Asif Koti  
Yeah, I had put in a couple of questions. One was about 5,000 employees or 5,600 employees, 
if you have to break it up into offshore and onshore? and in terms of marketing and others, 
how do we break it up? That was one and then there are a couple of other questions, which I 
have already put it on the chatbox. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
So See, the mix of employees predominantly, we are all is India based if you look at the other 
way around US we have around, total on site will be around 600 and the balance is India based 
and now the important mix, like the other question, which was asked also was what is the mix 
of, India-India versus India to onshore export business because that is what was really 
important for us to make a change in that and if you look at our sales and marketing 
perspective, if you look at it, from a cost perspective, we are investing almost close to the 37 
crores if you look, number of people, if you look at it, because if you look at sales, marketing, 
if your question is on a SG&A as a whole, if you look at it. Yeah, so it's all put together will be 
around, 100 people, sales, marketing, and everything all put together inside sales to deliver will 
be this across the world. Predominantly most of them will be of course, India based, of course, 
we have people across the world in the geographies as well, who are client facing client 
partners, sales hunters and that is the structure which we have one and also one question, I 
think there is a ESOP question by Siddharth that maybe we can answer that you want to answer 
that, because this is a latest filing on the results. So we see an addition to equity to the range 
of about INR 3 to 4 crores during the current year the ensuing year, but we need to see also 

 
Page 18 of 20 
the charge to P&L that we have not taken. Equity should be in the range INR 3 to 4 crores. The 
new scheme which we're launching. I think the filing was on that. I think the main point 
Siddharth also is for us, we have spoken about it is very important, we have to do this balancing 
act on ability to attract talent, because for us, the single biggest problem is in order to attract 
talent so unless we have some of these instruments, whether it is for ESOP for grow and ESOP 
for build it will be very difficult for us to attract the mixed in class crowd. So, we need to do 
that balancing act in the support of the shareholder as well as also designed to see how we can 
because this will have long term gain for all of us. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. So we will move to the next question by Mr. Iqbal. Mr. Iqbal, please unmute 
yourself, introduce yourself and ask a question. 
Iqbal: 
Sir I have already asked a question and the question is answered. 
Moderator:  
Alright, thank you. Mr. Purshottam. Please go ahead, unmute yourself and introduce yourself 
and ask a question. 
Prushottam: 
Let me at the outset congratulate Thompson, you and your team for coming up with the much 
improved numbers as compared to what we were seeing earlier, there is clearly a turnaround, 
which is visible now. So that gives satisfaction. Now I have a couple of questions just bear with 
me. One is, we talked about last time that there is business mix in current portfolio, which is 
low margin, we want to get rid of that business, get it replaced by a new business, which is 20% 
plus kind of operating margin or EBITDA. So one is I wanted to understand how much is that 
low margin business left in terms of percentage, and what is the timeline we are looking at in 
terms of bringing it to the normalized level. That is number one. Second is not too criticize 
because I am a shareholder, I always remained a well-wisher, just wanted to highlight a point 
that look we talked about our cost structure being high, because we have more of onshore mix, 
as compared to the other service organizations, which have a higher offshore mix and that is 
why they have an advantage of coming up with better operating margins, but then if that is the 
case, then our revenue realization should be much better than others whereas what we see is 
that 5,600 employees our regularization per person in case of 3i Infotech works out to say 
around $15,000 to 16,000 whereas if you compare it with the other organizations, as your 
competitor, they are in excess of say, around USD40,000- USD45,000 a year. So I mean, at one 
end, it is a double whammy kind of thing that our revenue realization is say around 1/3rd, or 
maybe around that, at the same time, our costs are also higher. So maybe this is something 
which you as an organization like to look at to normalize. So these are two things I wanted to 
ask and just a highlight of third question. Now, if we talk about INR 15 Crore EBITDA for next 
year, which say around INR 760 crore of revenue, which works out say around 2% of revenue, 
now, with 2% of revenue being EBITDA. If we have the other costs like depreciation, 
amortization and other expenses, that, it will again, put us into negative territory. So are we 
saying that next year again, we will have a negative PAT? So these are the three questions I 
have thanks. 

 
Page 19 of 20 
Thompson Gnanam:  
I will try and take it, one by one. See one is the revenue mix you spoke about. See the revenue 
mix is today all said and done, whether it is a low margin, or what we call the run business is 
still paying our bills, whatever it is, so we will have to safeguard them, drive efficiency, can we 
get better and in parallel, we are trying to build the other lines of business, which I have been 
telling consistently. So this year, if you look at it, last year was a year of building some of these 
new lines of businesses highlighting and doing all that. So today, we are taking hardcore P&L 
numbers of some of those lines of business this year. So you will feel more of cloud first, more 
of cognitive, more of NuRe lines of businesses, which are coming which are more profitable 
this year, which will change the overall mix. So that is very, very important. Then the second 
thing you spoke about, it is a very valid point, you spoke about the cost structures, vis-à-vis to 
the onshore versus offshore which we spoke about. So just to again, yeah, re-underline that, 
see, when the carveout happened, the services business was subsidized the way I look at it, 
because it is our the primary business, let us be very clear about it. 3i Infotech was a product 
led company, let us be really clear about  it product led company, co-products, which are 
generating profits, we are paying off the old creditors with that and we also had services 
business, we had to be really clear about it. Now when that gets sold off, now, a lot of these 
scars were subsidized, or because services are providing intercompany business services for 
products and stuff like that. When that gets carved out suddenly you have a cost shock and 
that's what happens in any kind of carevout. That is what we have taken over, what we are 
doing is that your question is spot on question. So now we need to see why slides in the run 
exactly I am talking about the point is saying, how do we right size or dimension this business, 
what we inherited to those costs, we have been doing it, we will do it even further and so that 
we maximize our margins there. So importantly, we have to do now. All the new businesses, 
we are either doing digital lead, cloud lead, we are sure offshore, so the mix up will be changed. 
So if you will see that in one year, this will keep coming down, this will start going up. So that 
is where we will get the ideal. We are expecting at least next year. The other question which 
we spoke about also is the INR 760 crores, versus INR 13 crores EBITDA very clearly, our end 
our event just again, reemphasize, we go with the others also, this is the outlook we have today. 
Definitely we have an upside on INR 100 crore or above the talking about it, which will 
contribute to all the other amortization costs and at the PAT level, also, we will be profitable 
for sure because this is like a worst case, minimum as of today, where we are today, once we 
are stabilizing is where you are giving an outlook to you all and then there will be an upside on 
top of it for sure. So that is the point, actually, if you ask me. 
Harish Shenoy: 
So just to add to the revenue mix, low margin projects, or the cost arbitrage that you are 
mentioning about having offshore resources as compared to onsite resources. So we need to 
understand the way of business we are. The contracts that we have for the onset resources are 
for domestic employees, it is not that something they have outsourced the work completely, 
this was an in premise development activity that we would have taken because the world is 
moving away from an offshore development model to a near shore onshore development 
model now. So they are more comfortable with people being available at their disposal, or at 

 
Page 20 of 20 
their working in their time zones, rather than different time zones. So I think if you look at how 
the industry is moving, more and more on onshore projects are getting executed and I think 
that is where we are today and that is why we have not been able to leverage the offshore cost 
margins, I would say. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Yeah, I think two aspect just to add to what Harish said, because what is the cost structures to 
do that? I mean, the question was more on the cost structures, which we need to work on it 
right and of course, the endeavor is to change the revenue mix and the important point we 
want to do is we want to be right shore is the right word does not want to be an it will be digital 
first, automation lead and they have examples. So that is where we want to make our margins 
does not matter from where you are delivering, you can even deliver from America or within 
the UK, but your automation mix is 40%, your cognitive is other 30%, your human is only around 
30%. So that is where we want to move, because we have missed the bus very clearly on the 
offshore model because all our peers are all been in services business for last two decades and 
so we will never be able to catch up to that overnight. So we have to do something differently. 
So that is what we are building and doing.  
Moderator:  
We have one last question. How much more ESOP’s equity dilutions expected in FY23? 
Harish Shenoy: 
Yeah, based on our existing ESOP scheme that we have, we have about 29 lakh options still 
open, which is actually a part is to be vested and part is to be exercised. So it is a combination 
of options to be exercised and to be vested, which amounts to about 29 lakh options. That is 
about I would say, the equity amount will be around INR 3 crores. 
Moderator:  
Noted sir that would be the last question. With I hand it over to Thompson sir for his closing 
remarks. Thompson sir over to you. 
Thompson Gnanam:  
Yeah, thanks a lot, everybody, I think great questions and thanks for the word of 
encouragement from all shareholders who spoke as well, because it is very important for all of 
us also to be motivated. It is very encouraging for all the support you have given us, continue 
to support us because this could be one of the greatest turnaround stories, which all of us will 
probably reflect back in the years to come. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir and thank you everyone for participating at the 3i call. We look forward to seeing 
you next quarter. Thank you and have a great evening. 
