Al 
a 
= 
Gujarat Narmada Valle 
Yay /ae 
dian 
arcane 
WAL 
Azadi, 
Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
GNFC 
“™"'Mahotsav 
CIN 
: L24110GJ1976PLC002903 
  
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 & ISO 50001 Certified Company 
P.O Narmadanagar - 392015, Dist. Bharuch, Gujarat, India 
Ph. (02642) 247001, 247002 Website: www.gnfc.in 
NO. SEC/BD/SE/ 
TELE 
: 02642 — 247001 
17 May, 2022 
E-Mail: acshah@gnfc.in 
Dy General Manager 
The Manager 
BSE Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Dept 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Rotunda Bldg 
C-1, Block 
- “G’, 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Co. Code: BSE 
- "500670" 
Co. Code: NSE- "GNFC EQ" 
  
  
Sub: 
Transcript of Investors / Analysts Meet through Conference Call. 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We have vide our letter dated 10° May, 2022 intimated the Stock Exchanges about the 
schedule of Investors / Analysts Meet through Conference Call scheduled on Thursday, 
12" May, 2022 at 3.30 PM IST. 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of Investors / Analysts Meet through Conference 
Call which took place on 12‘ May, 2022. The said Transcript along with the audio 
is 
also uploaded on the Company's Website - www.gqnfc.in 
We request you to kindly take note of the above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LTD 
Qe 
a ana 
CSAC SHA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & GM (LEGAL) 
ENCL:A:A

““GNFC Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2022 
GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY FERTILIZERS AND 
CHEMICALS LIMITED. 
MANAGEMENT TEAM: 
MR. D V PARIKH — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Mk. Y N PATEL -HOD, O&M 
Mr. A C SHAH — COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. JITEN DESAI — GENERAL MANAGER, 
INDUSTRIAL CHEMICALS 
MR. MANISH UPADHYAY — ADDI. GM - INDUSTRIAL 
CHEMICALS 
MR. M. I. PATEL — CHIEF MANAGER — FERTILIZER 
MARKETING 
Page 1 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Thank you very much to the organizer. Now, just as a word of caution since everybody 
is identifying themselves, we would like to identify ourselves before the responses 
begin to the each begin. 
This year 2021-2022 actually started with a severe impact of pandemic which subsided 
around Q2 of the financial year, so after the first half when it subsided, the inflationary 
effect 
started 
showing 
up 
and 
which 
was 
exacerbated 
by 
Russia-Ukraine 
war 
somewhere around late February 2022, thereafter the input prices which were already 
on the high rise have been on the boil especially that of gas and oil. 
As of now, the run up in the oil still continues but the gas is tempering down, gas prices 
are depended now for a future on the decision of Europe on the Russian gas supplies, 
so this is the environment under which most countries and business is operate. This has 
very severe impact on the country’s finances especially those which we are not having 
based on resources with them. 
These are affected businesses also in different way although our business was protected 
one from the input cost rises although it was witnessed but finally a delta is maintained 
in terms of margin and margin could also be enhanced because of the competitive 
position and pricing opportunities which were there. 
Now talking about the industry in which we are operating touching upon the fertilizer 
first, the country saw around 10 million person decrease in the consumption in the 
overall different types of fertilizer like which comprise of Urea, DAP, NPC, MOP, and 
SSP. The total demand of 60 million metric ton has been there during 2021-2022. 
As 
far 
as domestic production 
is concerned except 
the MP case 
the domestic 
production of most that is DAP is adamant but urea and SSP has increased whereas the 
imports have across the board decreased, 
it is mainly because of the high prices of 
fertilizer. 
On the subsidy front, the subsidy of Government of India which was budgeted at 
around 80,000 Crores has increased to 150,000 Crores. The budget for 2023-2024 is 
105,000 Crores. It all depends upon how the prices really move going forward. Now in 
terms of the subsidy rates, government has revised the subsidy rates last year effective 
May 20 for the NBF which was again kept at the same rates effective October 
1, so 
there was 
a tremendous government support 
as 
far 
as NBF subsidy rates were 
concerned, 
as 
far 
as subsidy payout 
is concerned, 
there 
is 
a substantial payout 
happening month-on-month and 
it has not pampered even in the last quarter of the 
calendar and till March, subsidy has been released. 
Page 2 of 18

Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
The total release of subsidy has helped the company also and our outstanding has just 
inched up by around 200 Crores mainly because of the higher gas prices otherwise all 
the subsidy demands, or the claims have been met by the government. On industrial 
chemical front across the board imports have increased except for minor change in 
Nitric acid, most of the chemical imports have increased in spite of that the volume 
sole have been higher by around 9% this was the company’s compatible position in 
terms of pricing and reach, so this is the background. 
Now touching upon the financials as you know the total revenue from operations has 
gone up by around 69% and PBT has gone up by 142%. In terms of balance sheet, 
there is a healthy balance sheet with a reserve of 7,900 Crores to 7,900 Crores and 
company has a cash just of around 3,500 Crores with it. 
Cash flows have been a very healthy, cash flow has been hovering around 1700 Crores 
plus during the FY2021-FY2022, this 
is mainly on account of the time release of 
subsidy as well as internal accruals, so buy and large these are the financial. 
On the capex front we have already covered certain part in the media release but during 
last year and 
| April, there are two facilities which have been operated, one is the TDI 
to bottlenecking which will increase the volume by around 10,000 metric tonne per 
annum and seconds is the formic acid which will increase the volume by around 6,800 
metric tonnes per annum. 
This year there are two other projects which are going to be operational, one is the 4 
MW Solar power plants, which is around Q3 of calendar year FY2022-FY2023 and 
another is the CNA-IV with a capacity of 50,000metric tonne which is also likely to be 
operational around the same time. 
Apart from that there is a capital outlay of 4,250 Crores which is already identified, out 
of which capex was 1350 as already gone on course and capex were 2,900 Crores are at 
an advanced 
stage 
of approval, 
out 
of 2,900 
Crores around 
2,500 
pertains 
to 
polycarbonate and 400 Crores pertain to green hydrogen, so this is by and large the 
outline of what the company has done and what company intends to do. 
The last season the outlook although we do not need forward-looking statements but 
currently the outlook is stable mostly will be covered by my colleagues from marketing 
both fertilizer as well as industrial product or people from operation group who 
is 
handling the strategic part as well. So, with this 
I hand over the call back to the 
organizer for the Q&A session. Thank you very much. 
Page 3 of 18

Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Good afternoon team, 
I have two questions, so, one is on our P&L, so, if we see this 
quarterly result I think our raw material cost was up 160 Crores but sales was almost up 
400 Crores, so how much it was contributed by the volume increase, that is number and 
if you can just talk about of our some of the basic raw materials for our chemical 
division like Natural gas or tolling so what was the average cost of natural gas for this 
quarter and how those contracts are generally with our suppliers of natural gas, so are 
those on long term contract basis or do we buy some natural gas on the spot basis also, 
if you can just touch upon those aspect? 
First, last question we will take, as far as contractual arrangement of natural gas is 
concerned the contractual arrangement normally exist for the Urea gas partly, we have 
certain contracts wherein part of the requirement is met through the long term and 
midterm contracts. The rest of the natural gas shows more or less on spot basis. The 
requirement 
is mainly for the non-urea, the requirement 
is little lower at Bharuch 
complex and relatively higher 
at Dahej complex. Dahej complex 
the operational 
maturity we are yet to gain, so we are not having the take or pay agreement kind of 
long-term arrangement as of now. As far as the cost part is concerned, the Dahej 
Natural gas prices have gone up by 116% whereas at Bharuch it has gone up by around 
31%. Bharuch, we use mainly for Methanol and Methanol is as you know we sale also 
as well as captive for Acetic Acid, 
so when cost economics do not work out, we 
purchase from outside. As far as the increases in Toluene and other part are concerned, 
all raw materials have increased in the range from 10% to 100%. If you take oil, it has 
increased by 57%, if you take gas as such the non-urea gas taken together it is around 
116% and there are different ranges for different materials. 
Okay but Sir this gas price increase what you mentioned of 116% that is on Y-0-Y 
basis, or this is what you are talking? 
Y-o-Y basis that is Y-o-Y basis. On Y-o-Y Q4 the increase is around 200%. 
Okay, so if you can just quantify like how much it is in terms of rupees per FDM the 
cost in Q4 what we have actually incurred? 
That is already part of the investor presentation. If you look at the spread which we 
have given between Methanol and gas types, 
it is mentioned at Rs. 31 which 
is a 
Bharuch complex, and it is Rs. 49 at Dahej complex this is a weighted average on a 
year-to-year basis. 
Okay and Sir if you can just quantify in terms of our MMA CMD requirement of 
Natural Gas both for the chemical division as well as for the fertilizer business? 
Page 4 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
There are two complexes which we operate, one is Dahej, and one is Bharuch. Dahej, 
we require roughly in the range of 200,000 to 225,000 HCM per day when the plant is 
in full operation. At Bharuch the requirement is mainly for urea and non-urea, the urea 
requirement 
is around 
1.25 
million HCM per day and 
the non-urea requirement 
depends upon whether the cost economics workout or not but given the full swing of 
operation it ranges between 0.5 million to 0.6 million at the max. 
Okay, Sir, second question is on our expansion of concentrated Nitric acid, so this 
concentrated Nitric acid some portion would be used for our TDI, so rest would be sold 
in the outside market, is it right assumption? 
Yes, you are right. It is a right assumption. 
Okay but Sir then we would also require weak nitric acid for this concentrated nitric 
acid, so do we have those sufficient capacities with us or the commissioning of CNA 
would be along with the double unit capacity which we have announced as a part of our 
expansion project? 
See there are timely mismatches as of now between WNN and CNA but meanwhile our 
team is trying to tie up this weak nitric acid and secondly, we have some product mix 
options available whereby we can cater to the requirement of additional weak nitric 
acid, these are the three options as of now with us. 
Okay and Sir one clarification on the sequential improvement of 400 Crores in the 
topline what we have seen so what were the major products which has contributed to 
this? 
AN1, weak Nitric acid, technical criteria, these are the three main products, and my 
colleague will cover more on the subject. Now I hand it over to Shri Jiten Desai, who is 
looking into the IP Marketing side. 
Good afternoon, as CFO Sir has told these are the three products which has contributed 
increase in contribution or increase in income of this product is significant and other 
products also have contributed, those are Aniline also have observed 
the growth 
concentrated Nitric acid, Formic acid, Ethyl acetate and Acetic acid also have observed 
the growth. 
Okay and Mr. Jiten if you can share your outlook on Aniline as well as CNA that 
would be helpful, this is my last question? 
Page 5 of 18

Jiten Desai: 
MI. Patel: 
Neerav Gimodia: 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Y N Patel: 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Y N Patel: 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
CNA is not an importable commodity and downstream units of concentrated nitric 
acid, 
the graphic 
is very significant, and consumers 
are required more and more 
concentrated Nitric acid, so for CNA it is going forward also it will remain strong and 
as far as Aniline is concerned my colleague, Mr. Patel will respond. 
Aniline growth is also expected at oil because there are couple of companies could be 
consumer like no sea level as the Aarti, we are expanding with the capacity, so the 
consumption will be on higher side, and we expect good demand also in particular this 
year also. 
Okay. Thanks a lot Sir for answering the questions. I will join back in the queue if any. 
First of all congratulations on a good set of numbers and as I have seen the MD also 
give expectation in that in the coming quarter we will maintain margins, my question 
was more specific to the polycarbonate and the green hydrogen, can you elaborate 
more as to did we analyze these and when will this come live, as to when will the cash 
flow happen, when will the CWIP happen and when these facilities will come live and 
what would be the typical revenue out of it? 
Green Hydrogen 
as 
of now 
we have 
taken approval 
from Board 
for 
inviting 
explanation of interest from various parties. As of now, mostly Green Hydrogen plant 
are based on electrolytes while technology has developed but this 
is an age old 
technology, there is nothing new in this technology but since from 2026, there are so 
many players coming out with area alternatives and as of today nobody has concrete 
proven technology but anyway we are going ahead with this project with 2.12 metric 
tonne of Green hydrogen and along with this we will needing 25 MW solar power plant 
that 
is renewable energy, 
so we will be going for 25 MW solar power plant and 
regarding your Polycarbonate we have already very recently received market survey 
which is very promising, so we are going ahead with investment of 2500 it will be in 
the range of 2500 to 2900 and that will be at Dahej location and this capacity will be 
around 
| 
lakh metric tonne per annum and 
as of today there 
is no brokerage of 
polycarbonate in this country and looking to the history as you know various organizer 
have attempted for this project but because of involvement of frozen mostly people 
have dropped this project. Since we have expertise in handling and frozen in our TDI I 
as well as TDI II, we are moving ahead with this project. 
How much would be the typical demand in India for this Polycarbonate? 
Polycarbonate as per our IP marketing it is growing as the raise of 9% CAGR. 
And today how much it would be? 
Page 6 of 18

Y N Patel: 
D V Parikh: 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Yogesh Patel: 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Mitesh: 
D V Parikh: 
Mitesh: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Toady around 21.8 lakh metric tonne is imported in the country and as of now there is 
no producer of Polycarbonate in the country. 
Iam D V Parikh, these are basically the import substitutes, as far as your question on 
Green hydrogen is concerned, it is more to meet with the regulatory frame work and 
there are certain obligations which Central Government has come up with that those 
who are producing from fossil fuel will have to meet certain percentage out of Green 
hydrogen, these are not formally announced but then we are doing the preparatory 
work and at last going ahead with 25 MW of solar back of facility for that. 
Okay and typically when will the groundwork start for this Polycarbonate and the 
Green hydrogen for this, will it start in the coming year, will we see some cash flow 
getting into these projects in the coming year? Have done, there you are saying we will 
increase the turnover of around 400 Crores annually, so that project you said it started, 
correct? 
I am Yogesh Patel, answering to your question regarding Polycarbonate we already 
have encouraging market survey report from third party which is supporting perception 
of our IT marketing group. We will be conducting the TFR which will take three 
months to four months, based on this we will move ahead with management approval, 
and we will then pick up the project. Normally, this site of project takes at least 36 
months for implementation. 
Okay. Thank you. That was last my question. That is it. Thank you. 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the cash flow statement, which 
indicates that a corporate deposit of 2,000 Crores has been made so if you could just 
share which corporate is this where you made with deposit? 
We have Gujarat Governments financial service corporation called GSFS, we have 
made a deposit with them of 2400 Crores. Gujarat State Financial Services Ltd. is a 
Government of Gujarat controlled entity. 
Sure thanks. My next question is with the prices of Acetic acid, TDI etc., underwent 
some correction even the oil, gas, methanol, toluene all the other input prices rising or 
the other form, so would it be impacting the spread for the company and if so would it 
be fair to say that Q1 of FY2023 that is the current ongoing quarter could be slightly 
weaker quarter as compared to the quarter gone by that is Q4? 
Gentlemen your voice is not pretty audible, if you can come up again and also request 
to make your question very short and crisp as far as possible, please. 
Page 7 of 18

Mitesh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Mitesh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Mitesh: 
Y N Patel: 
Mitesh: 
Bharat Sheth: 
D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
With some of the product, the final product price is correcting particularly Acetic acid 
TDI etc., and whereas your input prices being firm or rising, so would it be impacting 
spreads for the company, and would it be fair to say that the ongoing quarter QI could 
be slightly recur as compared to Q4? 
I am Jiten Desai, good afternoon. 
Prices 
for 
the commodity and particularly 
in 
chemicals are cycle actually and TDI prices are on ground trend but still persisting at a 
reasonably high level. Acetic acid also has observed the corrections because the normal 
price range is around $500 to $600 which is born up to, so I would say that it is not 
reducing but it is normalizing, prices are normalizing actually. 
Sure, and on the margins, on the spreads, are we seeing compression on the margin and 
input cost increases? 
It is actually month-on-month scenario like I said in my initial statement; the oil is still 
on the run whereas gas prices are tapering down. There is the mix of manufacture apart 
from oil and gas which will decide about the margin. 
Sure, okay, so one final question if I may I mean when can we expect the weak Nitric 
acid and the nitrate plants to come in by which year? 
Iam Y N Patel answering your question, new weak Nitric acid and AL based will be 
on screen by year 2026. 
Year 2026. Okay, that is all Sir, thank you so much. 
Thanks for the opportunity. We started commission I mean two brown field facility in 
current year, so on account of that how much additional turnover can we expect to? 
We have started Formic acid in this year and around Q4 of calendar year last year, TDI 
II debottlenecking has happened, so on TDI our colleague Mr. Jiten Desai will respond 
and on Formic acid, our colleague, Mr. Manish Upadhyay will respond. 
Good afternoon, 
I am Jiten Desai. With the enhancement of CNA by 50,000 metric 
tonne per year had turnover is likely to be increased by around 300 Crores. 
Iam Manish Upadhyay. We expect around 6000 tonne as such production in Formic 
acid in this financial year and roughly it will be around 4 Crores to 5 Crores. 
Okay and this Formic acid 50,000 additional capacity that we are..? 
45 Crores to 50 Crores. 
Page 8 of 18

Bharat Sheth: 
D V Parikh: 
Bharat Sheth: 
D V Parikh: 
Bharat Sheth: 
D V Parikh: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Okay and how do overall because what gave that confidence to us that in Q1 will be 
able to sustain this spread, so some of the product it may be going down but some of 
the product it may be strengthening also could be, so what gave us confident that we 
will be able to protect our spread in this Q1? 
There are full of maintaining because of the product mix like you said there are certain 
products which are going up certain down, there are input price mixes and all but, on 
the whole, we are full of maintaining margins. 
Which are going up and which are just I mean if you can give few products? 
Gas is tapering down, oil is still on the run, months on months other petrochemical like 
Toluene, Benzene etc., varies depending upon the international situation, now if you 
talk about the output prices the weak Nitric acid and melt are improving, CNA is also 
improving whereas product like Acetic acid is going down, TDI is going down but it is 
a mix on the whole based on which we are houseful of maintaining the margin. 
Okay and last question, in some of the facility like Aniline and this Acetic acid where 
China is the largest manufacture since lockdown, we were not avail in the market, so 
while they come into the market, how do we see impact on our company? 
Okay, there are two side scale, earlier also there have been like dumping or China 
issues were there and even if it is there like Aniline, we have Nitro Benzene as well as 
CNA available and this year we made a very good sales of Nitro Benzene as well 
around Rs. 74 Crores at a basic value and CNA also has a good demand, so suppose if 
there are any headwinds in case of Aniline these are the two products, we can say is an 
optimized the overall contribution. 
Okay. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Good evening, Sir and thank you for this opportunity. I would like to understand what 
is our cost of meeting Nitrate Ammonia? 
Will you please come up again? 
What is the cost of making ammonia? 
Ammonia as you know we have two sources, one is NG, second is oil, so it depends 
upon the input prices but last year if you see it ranges between 40,000 to 50,000 and 
gas base Ammonia also we have a mix of gas both domestic as well as RMNG, so on 
the whole the cost is lower than based on the RLNG because of the domestic gas. It 
varies from month-to-month. 
Page 9 of 18

Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
D V Parikh: 
Nishith Shah: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Okay, Sir what I understand is that spot Ammonia prices would be approx. $500, so for 
a cost manufacturing Ammonia through oil and gas both would be significantly lower, 
right, so in that terms how much it would in dollar terms? 
How much would be? 
For Q4 in the dollar terms what would be our cost? 
Q4 dollar terms, we have in rupee terms like oil price has been around 50,000 and from 
oil to Ammonia there is a specific ratio and certain added cost but more or less you can 
say the Ammonia cost in Q4 is around 50,000. 
Okay and oil-gas would be used more for the chemicals, is that right understanding? 
it is mainly for chemicals, we do use that Ammonia in fertilizer called Ammonium 
Nitro phosphate, 
it is not NG based ammonia which we use, NG based Ammonia is 
exclusively used for new coated area. 
Okay and Sir how do we see the natural gas prices going forward in 2023? 
Like we said in the beginning it all depends upon the Europe’s decision of sourcing 
Russian gas because that is a disruptor. Mainly the demand has increased towards that 
side because of certain decisions of not to source the Russian gas. 
Okay, so would not we have any long-term contract even midterm like one year or first 
contract? 
We already covered this response in one of the earlier questions as to what kind of 
contractual arrangement will have for the natural gas. 
Thank you. 
Good afternoon, my first question is regarding the TDI, so can you please advise that 
what was the average price of TDI during Q4 and what is the average price you can say 
from 
1 April to 30 April or 
1 April to 10 May whatever data you have and number two, 
what was the turnover of TDI standalone in Q4? 
I am Jiten Desai. First in Q4 our price is 
I will tell you in the dollar term that is our 
price largely depending on the input clarity price and the dollar price remain at an 
average of $2850 CIF India during Q4 and in the month of April, 
the price has 
increased to $3250. 
Page 10 of 18

Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Jiten Desai: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
But just now you said that the price is tapering down? 
It is tapering down in the month of May. 
Okay, what is the current price approximately? 
Today it is coated around $3000. 
Stull it has been in Q4? 
Yes, Q4 is higher. 
No, what I am saying the current price is 3000 is still higher than the Q4 average price 
of 2850? 
Yes exactly. 
Yes Sir, very good. Can you tell me what the approximate turnover of was contributed 
by the TDI in Q4? 
TDI 280 Crores. 
Small amount. 
Yes. 
Okay and the second thing that regarding this as this with respect to gas and Europe 
struggling for not buying Russian gas, so are you planning to import some Natural gas, 
or it is feasible or not? 
Iam D V Parikh, resource our gas from domestic supplier not international suppliers 
and in turn they may source from Russia or anywhere, we are not much aware about 
their supply sources. 
Okay, so Sir like as this crude price is still like going up for is hovering around 105 to 
108 or 110 and this 
it will be tapering down, so how it is going to, how these two 
things is going to impact the margin say in Q1 2022-2023? 
We responded on this margin question just couple of minutes back. 
No, like I heard that you said that you will be able to maintain margins because you are 
something going up or something going down, but 
I am asking with respect to the 
Page 11 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
impact like tuned by the crude, crude is going up and this debt is coming little bit 
down, so how much is debt will be coming from these two aspects? 
Okay, the normal ratio of gas and oil which we use is 1:2.5 and that is 2.5 times gas we 
use as compared to Y. For example, if you use around 700 Crores of oil then there 
seems around 2.5 times of that normally, so when gas prices go down the biggest 
breaker we get in, in TDI production cost.TDI, we have the steam and Hydrogen and 
co-requirement through the Natural gas. 
But Sir like recently this government has increased the price of this by about 50% so is 
there a differentiate than you are using because it was 6.6 like this unit dollar to which 
will be 9.6 times for some time? 
There are three types of gas prices, one is what government controls and announces 
every six months then second is auction-based prices which is a freedom given to 
companies like Trend Reliance and third what is available in the spot and fourth kind 
of prices is what is their one of formula midterm, long term formula-based prices, we 
resource our gas especially for TDI on a spot basis when the government is fixed price 
on that. 
No Sir, what 
I am saying that 
I just like to understand academically so when the 
government has announced the six-monthly price which the visibility is till September 
by more than 50%, so should this increase, that will not increase the spot price, this is 
my question? 
I forgot to introduce 
I am DV Parikh. 
It has seen this government price which 
is 
announced six monthly is meant for the domestic prices and domestic gas by design is 
supposed to be using urea, so this gas price increase is a passed through. For example, 
we received the gas from ONGC, so gas price of ONGC has also gone up by the 
percentage you are referring; this is going to be the pass through in the form of subsidy. 
Okay so now you are saying that in that case this gas using only for urea or ammonia or 
are we not reading that case for TDI is my question? 
This is what I am saying, we cannot use by regulation, this domestic gas into non-urea, 
unless it is an auction gas which has started of late beginning with Reliance followed 
by Trend. 
So, this Reliance price will also be high, I wanted to understand that when the general 
price in the market has been increased by 40% to 50%, will this note have a cost 
Page 12 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
D V Parikh: 
Marshall Lewis: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
reading impact on whatever base you are buying or whatever resource, this is one my 
question? 
No, we have not bought this kind of auctioned gas so far, our urea gas 
is partly 
contracted partly on spot and TDA gas is totally on spot, so the gas which is available 
on the spot is not heavy, it is not having any bearing right now? 
Okay, fantastic and Sir my other question that when we parked 2400 Crores with 
GSFC what is the rate of interest on that? 
5.25, banks are paying around 5, we are getting GSFC 5.25, so is it like a 10 year but 
for a normal 10 year over here we are getting 5.25%. 
But like this other NBFC like for example, this Bajaj Finance or HDFC will they not 
give higher rate suppose if you pass for two year or may be some small, small person 
we can park, for different period because entire amount we may also not need after one 
year, so maybe half of the amount or whatever we could have pass for say two year 
stretching a higher rate with a triple rated company? 
These are company’s financial decisions and we are comfortable with GSFS, there is 
an internal directive given the energy in petrochemical department to park the funds 
excess funds with GSFS. 
Okay Sir. Great, thank you. 
Thanks for the opportunity, one follow-up on your investment in the GSFC, so this 
2000 Crores that we have fund initial 5.25%, just wanted to understand is there any 
locking for this? 
No. It is withdrawn on first notice. 
There is no lock in or any exit load? 
There is no lock in the only thing which might get affected in the rate of interest is the 
short term and good over the period for encashing in case of requirement or liquidity 
issues. 
Understood and if we have to think about that instead of parking the money here, why 
did not we try and think of buyback of shares because I think our capex plans are till 
2026, so we have couple of years and by the time there will be significant internal 
accruals, so why not a liberal dividend or even better of rights because buybacks are 
more tax efficient, so why not something on those? 
Page 13 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Y N Patel: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Dividend is already increased by 25% and there is a maintainability which is required 
in case of a dividend, so these are more approval and decisions involved. Number two, 
vendor financing we do negotiate with vendors in every proposal of high value about 
this but then if they have a requirement which is there through the internal approvals or 
other sources then they do not talked out of it. We are trying for keeping this kind of 
terms during high value negotiations. 
Okay and Sir, secondly on your capex plant where we have mentioned for WNA and 
the other one, so 
I was just knowing through N2 and WNA, so I was just knowing 
through the investments, 
so we will be setting 953 odd Crores 
in WNA and we 
expected turnover of 200 Crores formic and similarly for 182 Crores AN2 we are 
expecting 200 Crores, then for your poly I want it again on investment of 2500 Crores 
we are expecting turnover of 1500 Crores, so in all these three the SA terms is very, 
very low, any specific reason here or is this higher margin for this and that is why we 
will be able to make the required returns, if you could just elaborate a bit more? 
My colleague will elaborate more but there are two things when it comes to the weak 
Nitric acid and AN melt is directly a sellable product whereas weak Nitric acid has two 
uses. One is the captive used within iron melt and concentrated Nitric acid and second 
is commercial state. So, what happens is asset turnover apparently may be low but if 
you look at the probable margin improvement the possibilities are very high because it 
has further embedded margin or value addition in AN melt and CNA and the kind of 
pay back decisions which are taken are based on these lines, what kind of captive usage 
is 
there, 
suppose we 
do 
not have weak Nitric 
acid, what happens, 
we 
cannot 
manufacture so much of alignment because that kind of weak Nitric acid is not at all 
available, the imported quantities are minuscule. 
From the capacity that we are adding typically how much will be internally look like 
captively order Rs. 2 lakh? 
Capacity AN Melt mainly 
it will be going 
for 
sell total, 
so there 
is no internal 
consumption as such. WNA we will be consuming partly in AN melt to be extend our 
consumption will be around 0.6 in the range of 0.6-0.62. This balance will be either 
will be sold or we can utilize in other products also through CNA route. 
Okay and Sir if Iam not wrong, I think I do not have the FY2022 numbers but with the 
FY2021 numbers and FY2022 number we typically produce around 4 lakh tonnes of 
WNA, so out of that how much are we selling outside and how much are we captively 
using now? 
Page 14 of 18

D V Parikh: 
Jiten Desai: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Jiten Desai: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Generally last year if you want our colleagues Mr. Jiten Desai will tell but by and large 
if you see the balance 100,000 to 125,000 is one may expect in terms of commercial 
sales, the rest is captive but if you want the exact number for FY2021-FY2022 I hand it 
over to Shri. Jiten Desai. 
I am Jiten Desai, in FY2021-2022 we sold 1,15,000 metric tonnes of WNA in the 
market. 
Okay, so Sir but it is a setting of 2 lakh capacity I am just telling out one lakh capacity 
so we do have excess capacity then, right, so are we reduce the size of this capex and 
probably increase capex on some other downstream product where acid terms and 
ratios could have been higher? 
Iam D V Parikh, tells already a material balance. If you look at AN Melt and the kind 
of specific consumption which is explained that will consume around 80,000 tonnes to 
90,000 tonnes of weak Nitric acid. Further, CNA IV which is going to be operational 
will consume another 50,000, now we are left with only 50,000 tonnes to 60,000 tonnes 
of weak Nitric acid for a commercial sale at the most. 
Understood Sir. That will be helpful. Last question from my end, over the years if you 
look at your sea products say for example TDI, so TDI as a product has signal lot of 
volatility in terms of its realization and now again like you mentioned we are opening 
commentaries at prices are bid softer and with the AD also again the dynamic slight of 
change, 
so 
in your opinion what 
is 
the kind 
of price rate that you think 
is the 
sustainable price range or is this a kind of a commodity or chemical in which there 
cannot be sustainable way, it will be volatile in that nature of it, so in terms of your key 
products TDI and one or two other products that you can explain, is there a sustainable 
range which the company can maintain or are these very, very secure? 
I am Jiten Desai, this for chemical products we are benefitted of other chemicals and 
most of the other products are import substitute, so we have no choice but to follow the 
import substitute and as far as range is concerned whatever we have observed in 2021- 
2022, those are the phenomenally high price actually for most of our products and it 
remained quite higher about 30% 
to 80% higher range 
in for different products, 
different range but there will be new normal of course, we as per our opinion it will be 
on the products, range will find the new normal and whatever it is remained before 
pretty COVID period that will be slightly about 20% on an average basis will be higher 
than new normal levels. As far as TDI is concerned, if you see that about 10 years 
average is $2550, the current price is around $3000, so the new normal we in our 
opinion stood the anywhere between $2700 to $2900. 
Page 15 of 18

Yogansh Jeswani: 
D V Parikh: 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Naitik Mohata: 
D V Parikh: 
Naitik: 
D V Parikh: 
Naitik: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Okay, that is really helpful Sir. If as to summarize basically what we are saying is 
given that most of our capacities are now running at optimum capacity and in some 
cases above 100% utilization as well, so with the value is now normalizing the growth 
will only be dependent on increased prices, you know move up further from here or it 
can actually go down by 20%-30% if the prices say what the long term trends are, 
right? 
It 
is not like that, there are three products like we explained one 
is TDI volume 
increased possibility, second is Formic acid and third is concentrated Nitric acid, these 
are the three things which will be contributing to volume going forward. Secondly, in 
last financial year we have seen increased production of second product like Ethyl 
Acetate and AN Melt that is another possibility of maintaining it in terms of volume, so 
volume wise these have been five products where there 
is 
a possible increase or 
maintainability possible of 2021-2022 level. 
Okay Sir, understood. That is from my side. I will get back to the queue. 
Good morning, Sir and first of all congratulations on the great set of numbers. Just to 
add onto what you answered to the previous participant regarding the TDI turnover for 
Q4 which was somewhere around 280 Crores, so out of the 2020 Crores that we have 
posted for chemical division, the remaining 1740 Crores could you throw some light on 
which products have accumulated what kind of turnover for us? 
Normally, we do not provide product wise break up for information, the lines is that of 
urea and TDI, followed by Acetic acid, weak Nitric acid, AN Melt and like of that but 
if you want on specific figure for each of the product as the company normally, we do 
not part with the product wise number both for revenue as well as profits. 
Yes, 
I understand that but the thing is earlier TDI used to be one of the key products 
and that has sensed only a smaller part of a revenue and in Q4, so I was just trying to 
get a picture key which particular products have increased our share and revenue? 
Iam D V Parikh, this has already covered by our colleague, I will repeat the AN Melt 
technical grade urea, and weak Nitric acid is the products which have contributed to the 
revenue as well as margin. 
Alright, okay Sir. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Thank you for this opportunity. Earlier also you have attributed to the fact that a new 
normal has been set in all the industry and chemical, so if you could give us some more 
briefs what factors have now led to believe that this is going to be 
a new normal 
Page 16 of 18

Jiten Desai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Jiten Desai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Jiten Desai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Bharath Sheth: 
Y N Patel: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
because what have seen is that the logistic cause to spread disturbances had been one of 
the major reasons for the increase in the selling prices, so once they get restored in the 
near vicinity, are things going to come down or has there been capacity that has been 
completely mod-bulled especially in terms of TDI and all, so if you would just add 
more color? 
Iam Jiten Desai, as I told replied while answering the earlier question that our most of 
the products are input substitute and currently there are very few projects for our key 
products Acetic acid was pretty high coming up in the world because of the corona 
effect and a natural growth has also restored actually, after the corona the recovery has 
started and that the natural growth which we have observed the pre-COVID period is 
again restored, so to compensate that growth rate there will always be demand supply 
situation in the prior up supplier for the key products. 
Right Sir and you did mention that softness in the TDI package I missed the earlier 
commentary, so for the sake of repetition also if you can give some more color are 
there any slighting in the price trends for TDI for this last two months? 
Last two months, is because of the demand we can see actually, the supply is steady 
and demand because of the geopolitical situation and the cost have increased, the cost 
of normal life has increased in Europe and other countries that is why the demand has 
gone down and that is the effect on TDI price actually. 
What has been decline side in percentage term can you give some more color? 
Yes, as far as numbers are concerned, 
I have already informed well replying earlier 
question, that it has gone down in the month of May only and in April it was prevailed 
at a little higher range than what it was prevailing in Q4. 
Okay Sir. I will come in the queue for the follow up. Thank you. 
On these polycarbonates have we tried up for some technology or we have our own 
technology if you can give some color and same thing earlier call, we had said that in 
some of the four-five products we are the only sole manufacturer in India and that 
cannot be the technology is not easily available, so are we planning in Brown field 
expansion for the same product? 
Iam Y N 
Patel answering your question. The technology sourcing mainly is a problem 
in Acetic acid but there also we are trying with some of the technology supplier, 
regarding polycarbonate we are already in touch with some of the technology suppliers 
and we do not face any issue regarding polycarbonate. Regarding other products 
Page 17 of 18

Bharath Sheth: 
Y N Patel: 
Bharath Sheth: 
Y N Patel: 
Bharath Sheth: 
Y N Patel: 
Bharath Sheth: 
Y N Patel: 
Bharath Sheth: 
Ashwin Shah: 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers And Chemicals 
Limited 
May 12, 2022 
wherever we feel there is a scope, we have been moving ahead but mostly we have 
been needing technology support, generally we do not have our own technology which 
is no project 
is developed on our own or R&D basis, 
so we will be in turn with 
technology supplier and wherever it is available we will move ahead. 
Do we think some of the product where we are sole manufacturer some other producer 
can also source the technology and set up? 
This is always an open market but mostly over a period of time you have acquired 
some expertise been handling some of the products and because of integrated nature of 
our complex, we do not see any threat from any competitor in near future. 
Okay and last question on Dahej as well as Bharuch, we have two sites, so do we have 
sufficient lane for future expansion? 
Yes, as far as Bharuch complex mostly it is full but some of the products which we are 
already manufacturing we have such an room for expanding the capacity, existing 
capacity but any new project Brown field project we are planning at Bharuch site and 
we have ample a land at Bharuch site. 
Can you spell out, how much lands do you have and the power the scenario? 
Around 1800 Crores land is available at Dahej site; power we can always source from 
Zedco, power is not a constraint for anybody as such in Gujarat. 
1800 Crores or 1800 acre? 
1800 acre. 
Yes, okay, thank you very much. 
Thank you very much. I am Ashwin Shah, on behalf of GNFC management we extend 
our sincere thanks for the support extended by the organizing firm, our management 
team as well as the valued investors for their unstinted support to the Company. So 
with this good results and, positive remarks from the investors, we declare this ConCall 
Meet as closed. Thank you very much. 
FIRS 2S he a 2 2S Re 2 IR 2 2 2S OR 2 2 2S 282 
2 oo ok oR ok 
Page 18 of 18
