& 
|Manyavar 
  
May 16, 2022 
The Manager 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
BSE Limited 
Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Rotunda Building, 
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai — 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol: MANYAVAR 
BSE Scrip Code: 543463 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call of 
O04 and FY 2021-22 
Ref: 
Our Letter dated May 6, 2022 regarding prior intimation of Earnings Call of 
the Company 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call, organized and held on Tuesday, May 10, 2022 in relation to 
the Audited 
Financial 
Results 
(Consolidated 
and 
Standalone) 
of the Company 
for 
the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 (Q4 and FY 2021-22). 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website, from the link given below: 
https ://www.vedantfashions.com/investor-presentation 
We request you to take the above information on record and disseminate the same on 
your respective websites. 
Thanking you. 
For, Vedant Fashions Limited 
  
  
Navin Pareek 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Memb. No.: Fi0672 
  
Vedant Fashions Limited (Formerly known as Vedant Fashions Private Limited) 
Registered office: Paridhan Garment Park, 19, Canal South Road, SDF-1. 4th Floor, A501-A502, Kolkata: 700 015, Phone: +91 3361255353 
Email: info@vedantfashions.com Website: www.vedantfashions.com CIN: L51311WB2002PLC094677

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Vedant Fashions Limited 
Q4 FY2022 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MANOJ MENON - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEDANT MODI – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL MURARKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vedant Fashions Limited Q4 FY2022 and 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. Depending on the part of the world you are joining the call from a wonderful 
good morning, good afternoon or a good evening to you. Representing ICICI Securities it is 
our absolute pleasure to host the management of Vedant Fashions Limited today for the 
conference call. The company is represented by Mr. Vedant Modi – Chief Marketing 
Officer and Mr. Rahul Murarka – Chief Financial Officer. During times like these when 
discretionary performance have definitely outperformed I would say FMCG or consumer 
staples, the results what we saw from Manyavar in our opinion have definitely beaten the 
company’s expectations. We were privileged to be part of the Manyavar IPO few months 
back. Now over to the management for the opening remarks and the Q&A after that. Over 
to you, Sir! 
Vedant Modi: 
Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all the participants. I am Vedant Modi, Chief 
Marketing Officer of the company. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the Vedant 
Fashions Limited Q4 and financial year 2022 results. I am joined by Mr. Rahul Murarka, 
Chief Financial Officer of Vedant Fashions. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go 
through our financial results and investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the 
stock exchange as well as the company's website. Vedant Fashions Limited is the India's 
largest celebration wear company with Manyavar being a category creator and leader in the 
branded Indian wedding and celebration wear in markets for men’s. We have multiple 
brands in our portfolio such as Manyavar, Mohey, Twamev, Manthan and Mebaz, which 
are positioned to target customers across different demographic segments. 
 
Our pan India 595 exclusive brand outlets are dominant channel for the company. Despite 
the third wave of COVID, which had affected the first half of Q4, we are proud to announce 
that we had a good quarter in terms of strong retail sales coupled with decent growth. We as 
a company have emerged stronger out of COVID. Performance of the fiscal year has been 
very encouraging. In Q4 we have opened net square feet area of around 57000 square feet 
and 17 exclusive brand outlets. As of March 2022, these additions bring the tally of VFL 
EBO area up at 1.27 million square feet globally spanning across 595 stores in 223 cities 
and towns nationwide. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
In addition to the network expansion, I would like to highlight few of our marketing and 
branding campaigns with megastars like Sri. Amitabh Bachchan and youth icon Mrs. Alia 
Bhat during the quarter. The #TaiyaarHokarAaiye campaign featured Mr. Amitabh 
Bachchan and was aimed at increasing brand salience and drive a behavioral change. The 
campaign has tried to capture the soul of an Indian wedding and position Manyavar as the 
preferred brand for wedding occasions. On the other hand to improve brand recognition of 
Mohey, we created the campaign Dulhan Wali Feeling featuring Mrs. Alia Bhat. This 
campaign was targeted to connect with the women of today one who is independent yet has 
close ties to the Indian culture. The campaign highlights the range of emotions, which a 
bride goes through in various times in a wedding journey. 
 
On a branded level we can see that the fundamentals of the business have been sound, 
robust and encompassing. During the first 40 days of this financial year, we are seeing 
robust performance in our store network. This will be the first quarter after two financial 
years in which the restriction on number of wedding attendees have been lifted. Considering 
this, we expect good market traction and promising outlook for the new financial year. With 
this, I would now hand over to Mr. Rahul Murarka, our Chief Financial Officer to take you 
through the financial performance of the company for the Q4 and the year under review. 
Thank you. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Thank you, Vedant. Namaskar and good evening everyone. I would like to highlight the key 
financial performance for the Q4 and financial year ended March 31, 2022 based upon the 
consolidated financial statements of the company. Despite of COVID impact year, the 
company has reported strong financial revenue and return during FY2022. Starting from 
FY2022 update, the company reported revenue from operation of 1041 Crores during 
FY2022 delivering a very strong growth of 84.3% compared to FY2021. The company 
continues to report industrial leading gross margins of around 67% during FY2022. The 
EBITDA margin was around 50% and the EBITDA stood at around 521 Crores during 
FY2022 with the growth of around 85% compared to FY2021. 
 
The reported PBT during FY2022 is 423 Crores, which has significantly increased by 
132.5% compared to FY2021. The company reported best-in-class PAT margin of 30% and 
profit after tax stood at 315 Crores during FY2022 with a significant growth of 137% 
compared to FY2021. The company also has reported industry leading ROCE of 75% 
during FY2022.  
 
Now coming to Q4 performance update. During Q4 FY2022, the company has reported 
revenue from operation of 296 Crores delivering a very strong growth of around 55% over 
Q4 of FY2021. The EBITDA margin was around 50% and the EBITDA stood at 147 Crores 
for Q4 of FY2022 as against 91 Crores in Q4 of FY2021 with a growth of around 62%. The 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 22 
company reported PAT margin of around 30% and profit after tax stood at around 89 
Crores for Q4 of FY2022 with a growth of 86% over Q4 of FY2021. 
 
The net EBO store area, which was added in Q4 was 57000 square feet with total presence 
of 1.27 million square feet as on March 31, 2022. Sale of our customers was around 1474 
Crores during financial year 2022 and grew by 76% compared to FY2021 with SSG growth 
of around 65%. The sale of our customers during Q4 of FY2022 was 398 Crores with 
growth of around 45% compared to Q4 of FY2021 with SSG growth of around 33%. We 
are very happy to share that the board of directors of the company at its meeting held on 
May 9, 2022 have recommended annual dividend of Rs.5 per equity share, which is 
approximately 40% of PAT of the standalone financial statement. With this I would like to 
thank everyone and we can now move to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, my first question is on the women’s wear segment. With Manyavar we have become a 
clear market leader in the men’s wear segment for wedding and celebration wear, but the 
women’s wear segment is significantly larger overall including unorganized, etc., in the 
space, what really do we need to do to replicate the success of Manyavar in the women's 
wear segment as well and what are the differences in the challenges or the differences in the 
key success factors between the men's and women's wear?  
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you for your question. Percy. So, we launched the brand Mohey in early 2016 and 
ever since then when we launched, we launched with all women ethnic wear category and 
we understood that our nucleus would be lehengas and sarees for the brand. We were 
testing out different categories and we are very bottom-line focused company and 
efficiencies in the backbone of the way we work, so the brand has been EBITDA positive 
ever since we started and there has been multiple sort of workings that we did at a category 
level. When we understood that lehengas and sarees will be the nucleus, we launched the 
independent marketing campaigns in 2019 and ever since then we saw a very good growth 
in the brand with Alia Bhat as the face of the same. Talking about sort of differences in 
challenges, I mean the overall core learning that we had is that we need to focus on a few 
categories, get them right, make that a proper category to work on and then move on to 
creating newer categories in the brand and I think all the underlying fundamentals of the 
brand in terms of inventory management to the kind of conversion rates we see at the store 
level have all been very promising and that is why moving on the new financial year we 
have also decided to open about 6 to 7 exclusive brand outlet doors followed by the first 
EBO, which we had opened in the new market area of Kolkata for Mohey. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Percy Panthaki: 
Vedant, I understand that Mohey products are not available in all your 595 stores, they are 
available only in a fraction of that, so what is the thought process behind that and why not 
just make at least the product available in all the stores, so that whenever there is a couple 
walk-in, etc., you can try and do the cross sell there? 
Vedant Modi: 
You see, the idea is that we opened Mohey in every flagship store, which we open for 
Manyavar, otherwise, if we are opening the Mohey in any store, which is less than 3000 
square feet we would not be doing justice to the brand, neither would there be enough space 
for the brand to operate in, so in order to justify the space required for Mohey the whole 
strategy is to open it in flagship stores, which tend to be more than 3000 square feet of retail 
space. Currently, Mohey is available in across 99 doors of our Manyavar flagship stores. 
Percy Panthaki: 
How do you expect this number to trend, let us say three years down the line this 99 would 
become what kind of number approximately? 
Vedant Modi: 
I am sorry, I would not be able to give you any guidance on that, but like we have been 
mentioning before the overall strategy in terms of new retail expansion is to drive growth 
through more flagship stores, so you can expect a larger percentage of a fleet to have 
Mohey as we grow and move into the future. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, my second question is on the town opportunity for Manyavar. You are present in 
about 220 odd towns, over the next five years or so, how many towns do you think sort of 
there is a scope for you to open a Manyavar stores so how many can you go from 220, can 
you go to 400, 500, what is that number and how do you determine that number, do you sort 
of have at the back of your mind some kind of metric saying that any town with a 2 lakhs or 
a 3 lakhs population plus can accommodate Manyavar store? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes, there is a overall logic, so we have come out with about 120 to 150 cities in India that 
we want to open our new stores in where we are currently not present and there is a logic 
behind that in some cases the logic is a certain set of population, in some other places the 
logic is the catchment of that particular tier 3 city based on the kind of market it has in the 
whole catchment of that region, so that is how we have come up with that whole sort of 
calculation of about 120 to 150 towns that we want to enter in as part of our growth strategy 
of taking the overall retail footprint to 2.2 million square feet. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right and last question from my side, one is the COVID base normalizes on a continuous 
sustainable basis, what is kind of same store sales growth do you think you can clock? 
Vedant Modi: 
We would not like to give any guidance on that, but internally as a company, we aim to 
achieve a good single digit SSSG growth in a sustainable future that is what we aim to 
achieve as a company internally. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, that is all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nihal Jham from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sir, thank you so much and congratulations Vedant on the strong performance. Two 
questions from my side, Rahul first to you, if I look at the conversion from primary to 
secondary sales, I do notice that there is a divergence whether it is from Q3 quarter or 
versus say the similar quarter of last year, you did highlight that obviously there was some 
placement which has happened at the end of Q3, but if you could just highlight anything 
specific this quarter and how to look at this number going forward, I will come to the 
second question after this? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, typically in our case we are continuously reviewing or monitoring our secondary and 
primary sale and all our replenishment  happens based upon the sale to our customer from 
our exclusive brand outlets, so both the primary and secondary sales and  replenishment 
goes in the same direction, however, the difference that you find is because of the new store 
openings, so that is where you will see maybe some higher percentage from a financial 
perspective in terms of the primary sales growth over secondary revenue growth, so that is 
one reason new store opening where you can see the difference, but otherwise it moves in a 
similar direction as it is more similar on financials. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just to confirm, are there any impact of the closing inventory last quarter or Omicron 
impacting them, which could have impacted this number or would not be a consideration 
that in the quarter? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So,   typically January is one of a very good month for us because there are lot of weddings 
in January and February, so frankly speaking yes, because of Omicron we were expecting 
higher revenue in January and February, but despite of that we have been able to have a 
very strong Q4 quarter I would say, so yes, you know without Omicron we would have had 
a better Q4 results for sure. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, the other question was one of the key initiatives that we are trying other than the 
expansion of Mohey, is the fact that we are trying to increase the share of wedding 
attendees obviously which end up shopping for the brand Manyavar, so based on may be 
the data of SKU pricing that you have, do you have a sense of how that has been picking up 
and if there is a approximate share of that how it is moved over the years? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes, absolutely, so the key part with the whole #TaiyaarHokarAaiye campaign, which was 
to drive a behavioral change in Indian men to dress up for the wedding whereas when we 
did our research, we found that about 90% to 95% of the women dress up according to an 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 22 
occasion, however only 5% of the men dress up according to an occasion for the wedding 
so this was a  basis of starting the #TaiyaarHokarAaiye campaign to drive more men to 
dress up in Indian weddings, but the catch was that we only launched this campaign in 2019 
and we were hit by COVID right after in 2020 so the last two years were extremely 
disrupted, however, when we look at the new financial year trends in April, the performance 
of the wedding attendees coming back to the stores are extremely encouraging and I would 
be happier to share these numbers in our next quarter earnings call about how the whole 
#TaiyaarHokarAaiye campaign is kind of phasing out for the wedding attendees. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, I will wait for that and just one the last thing is that you have shared the two-year SSG 
last time, now is it possible to share that? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, are you looking at the Q4 FY2022 versus Q4 FY2020? 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, and if it is possible from Q4 2019 if it is handy with you? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, sharing Q4 FY2022 versus Q4 FY2020 is at 1.6% SSSG growth despite half of Q4 
FY2022 going away in COVID when January and February actually seem to be the best 
wedding shopping season, which was quite heavily disrupted due to COVID, so we saw 
1.6% growth in terms of SSSG comparing to pre-COVID levels. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, that answers. Thank you so much and I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the good set of numbers. My first 
question is with regards to that if you can share the consumer level sales for a brands of 
Manyavar and Mohey and the other brands for the year FY2022 and also along with it the 
contribution from the EBO stores for FY2022? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, the contributions from EBO store is around 90% it has been there historically also on 
over customer revenue, as far as brand details are concerned all our brands like Mohey, 
Twamev, Manthan they are all new brands and all of the brands are doing very well, 
strategically we are not disclosing the brand wise details during calls and discussion and we 
are happy to do that once we decide to share those numbers once we achieve a particular 
size. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, just if you can share for Manyavar which are the big brand for you, I think you had 
shared that in the DRHP also, so if you can just share for the that? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Rahul Murarka: 
On the Manyavar you are saying? 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes, Manyavar consumer level sales for FY2022, if you can share that? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Total was as I was mentioning over my presentation it was 14736 million that was a 
company total and it grew by 76% the sale of customer   compared to FY2021 and I would 
request Vedant to also add upon. 
Vedant Modi: 
So, in terms of different brands as Mr. Rahul was mentioning, all of brands underlying 
fundamentals have been performing really well with Mohey re-pinching good traction. In 
terms of Twamev because of the aspirational consumers that were already walking into a 
premium stores we have seen a very good growth and all these brands such as Mohey and 
Twamev are ready for the next level of growth. With Mohey we will be opening the six to 
seven exclusive brand outlet, similarly for Twamev we will also be opening the five to six 
exclusive brand outlets in the upcoming financial year and as far as the brand wise numbers 
are concerned, we would be happy to share them once we have sort of scaled up to a 
number where we strategically feel that it is fair to start giving out the numbers of those 
brands individually, but internally we track them very heavily and they have all been 
performing well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, my next question is with regards to the gross profit margins that is ex of if you taking 
off the job work charges I mean they are healthy if I compare it with the FY2019 level it is 
around 65% odd, and now doing around 67%, so how much of this is sustainable going 
ahead or is it because of some advantage due to this particular year and how much of is 
sustainable? 
Vedant Modi: 
Gaurav, efficiency is the core of this company so there have been a lot of work that we have 
been doing on our inventory replenishment algorithm in order to further optimize our 
inventory, lower our dead stock levels, there has been further work going on into a demand 
generation program in order to calculate demand even more better, so it is a result of 
efficiency and we are seeing a very good gross margin levels of about 66% to 67% in the 
last two years and we would like to believe that we would be on a similar path moving 
forward as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, and just last question with regards to the quarter, so I mean I see the other expenditure 
ex of the job work charges they have hardly grown by around 3 odd Crores if I compare 
from Q4 FY2021 to Q4 FY2022, so if you can highlight what has been the key saving areas 
here? 
Rahul Murarka: 
The other cost if we exclude the lease cost other than job charges you are mentioning? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Right so if we accumulate that more or less it has grown by around I would say 2 Crores 
hardly that is the increase Q4 2022 versus Q4 2021, it is majorly because of increase in 
revenue because of freight  expenses, commission expenses all expenses which are linked 
with revenue, generally it increases as revenue increases, so you can see that our Q4 
revenue compared to last year it has increased by 55% so as a result couple of those other 
courts have also increased. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
No, actually what I was asking is, there is hardly any increase of the other expenditure 
except of the job charges it is around 2 to 3 Crores odd, so I mean which have been the key 
saving areas for you here? 
Rahul Murarka: 
We are working on a variable model if you will see our manufacturing process also it is 
largely outsourced and a lot of our other products are outsourced so basically other than that 
we are left with very few fixed overhead cost and that is the main reason when we compare 
and do a lot of cost efficiency which we always work upon on a continuous basis because 
improving cost efficiency has been the DNA of the company over the years, so from that 
prospect if you will see that we have been able to control our fixed overhead cost and that is 
the reason you see very minimal growth in other costs compared to last quarter. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, Sir. Thank you for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good performance in Q4 as well as in FY2022. I just wanted 
to understand you have done about 1500 Crores of customers level sales in FY2022, this is 
despite Q1 and Q4 being impacted due to lock down, so just wanted to understand is there 
an element of demand deferred during the year into FY2023 as well or FY2022 is a good 
normal base to base our projections? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, that is a good question, it is very difficult to answer on a overall level, but what we feel 
is that a lot of the demand that was deferred in Q1 was actually taken care in the other three 
quarters of the overall financial year level; however, we still saw that a lot of the wedding 
attendees were not entering the stores because there were still COVID related restrictions 
and overall the last eight quarters were disrupted somehow or the other, the first quarter 
which is the ongoing quarter is the first one we are seeing after two years where there are 
almost no restrictions in terms of COVID with all the wedding attendees returning back to 
our stores, so that will of course be a good lever of growth for us as we move on to the next 
financial year. In terms of the wedding numbers it is difficult to comment, but we believe 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 22 
that a lot of the pent-up demand was taken care in the year itself; however, there would 
definitely be some or the other weddings that was postponed to this financial year. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks, that is helpful and secondly wanted to understand you have added about 15% retail 
space in FY2022, what is our target for FY2023 and you guys have mentioned that you 
have a target of doubling the retail space so by when do we plan to double this? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, in terms of our historical trends we have been growing at a CAGR of about 16% odd in 
terms of increasing our retail footprint, so as a company our internal aims are to achieve 
similar levels wherever there is a opportunity we will seize on it there is definitely no 
restrictions on the kind of growth we can achieve at footprint and that is how we operate. In 
terms of any guidance, we would not like to give any particular number of growth for the 
coming years. We will continue to do what is right in terms for our business and grow in 
that particular direction. When I talk at a strategic level there are three strategies that we 
follow for growing our retail footprint, the first one is entering the new 130 to 150 odd 
cities, which we just spoke about, the second strategy is to enter in the new markets in our 
existing cities where we are currently not present and third strategy, which is the innovative 
strategy, which is true for Manyavar is that there are certain key markets in India where 
there is room to further increase our market penetration. Take for example markets like 
commercial street in Bengaluru and park street and new market areas in Kolkata where we 
had about one store to start in 2009, now we are at about four stores in those markets, so we 
continuously expand in those regions and increase our market share, so those are the three 
strategy we will be following and we are very confident of a sort of delivering similar 
numbers as we have. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure, Sir, that is really helpful. Lastly, I wanted to understand from the working capital 
point of view our inventory receivable days have reverted back to the pre-COVID level, but 
there is an increase in the other liabilities by about 50 Crores, so what is the reason for that? 
Rahul Murarka: 
In terms of number are you saying 50 Crores increase in liability? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, it is in two-line items, other current liabilities and other liability? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, there are two things that are coming in than other current liabilities, one is the refund 
liability, which is a provision which we make for a sales return, so that had increased by 10 
Crores around, so we make a provision for sales return every year and every quarter, so that 
has increased with our increase in revenue, apart from that we also have received advance 
from our customers for one apart we had one land which is appearing in capital advance for 
which we are into a JD contractor joint development agreements with one of our developers 
and we have received 10 Crores of money in relation to that capital advance so these are the 
two components because of which you have an increase by around 20 Crores. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, what do we expect for these items going ahead, so we should also grow with the sales, 
how should we project the line items? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Apart from that there was other liability also which you are mentioning under financial 
liability that has also grown because of security deposits, so that is around 12 Crores, now 
wherever we open a new store we receive security deposit, so as we grow, as our business 
growth, as we open new stores franchise the security deposit amount is going to grow in 
future, it will also increase in future, so that is an increasing trend which you will see. In 
terms of advance from customer which I mentioned it was a onetime project and the 
onetime contract which is happening with the developer so we do not expect of course there 
would be some inflow of money this year also, but from future prospects we do not expect 
any further advance amount coming in this respect. As far as refund liability is concerned, 
which is provision for sales return, so that we are doing based upon historical trend of 8.2% 
and that will also increase as we increase in our sales volume because that is a provision 
which we are making on a conservative basis, so it will increase with growth in business 
volume also these two liabilities, one is security deposit and other is a refund liability. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure, lastly one bookkeeping question, so in the PPT you have mention that in India we 
have about 583 stores, so this 595 EBO’s this is globally or is this is in India? 
Vedant Modi: 
The remaining 12 stores are in our global countries, so we have about six stores in US and 
the remaining in UAE, we are also about to open our store in Southall in London this year 
in the current quarter and also we would be opening a store in Chicago, US this quarter. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And this includes 77 Shop-in-Shops as well, right? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And the retail area that you provide it is only for EBO ex of Shop-in-Shops? 
Rahul Murarka: 
It includes Shop-in-Shops also, the 1.27 million sq. ft includes Shop-in-Shops also. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivam Saxena from ICICI Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Shivam Saxena: 
Sir, just wanted to know have you taken any price hikes to combat the increase in cotton 
yarn prices the raw material cost and how much be the price hikes? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Vedant Modi: 
We have not had any price hikes, as the company we like to not increase the price of any 
particular product, what we do as a continuous ongoing trend is to shift the product category 
mix, for example, if majority of our kurta offerings lies in the 2000 to 3000 range we slowly 
start increasing our offerings in the 3000 to 4000 range, so coming to your question for 
price when we compare Q4 FY2022 versus Q4 FY2021, we saw an ASP growth of about 
4.8% and this was again primarily due to the shift in the category mix of different product 
categories, also as a company we work on what is known as perceived value, so we 
continuously focus on certain key products that if we are able to earn extra margin 
compared to others and those allowed us to offset the 10% to 12% sort of fabric cost 
increase that happened over the last two quarters and even in terms of the increase in costs 
when you look at our company and the nature of our product, fabric only makes up 10% of 
the MRP component of our products, so when we look at the price hike on a MRP level it 
was only about 1% to 1.2% on a MRP level, so it was relatively easy for us to overcome. 
Shivam Saxena: 
So, basically you are saying if the fabric price increases by 10% then it impacts the price 
only by 1% right, there will be no 10%? 
Vedant Modi: 
Correct, we do not increase that 1% of all products; however, we start with a different 
product category by changing the mix and some products where the perceived value is very 
high we make up for those margins in those certain products. 
Shivam Saxena: 
But, how do we see going forward these fabric prices going forward increase, stabilize, or 
what you would do? 
Vedant Modi: 
It would be difficult to comment on the pricing of fabric, it is something difficult for us to 
answer. 
Shivam Saxena: 
So you would be playing with the same strategy you are saying, like you will be shifting to 
higher value? 
Vedant Modi: 
Relatively the overall idea is that our cost of goods sold, the major component is from the 
business of value addition, there is a lot of handwork that goes into a product in terms of 
stitching and embroidery, which is what forms the major cost of goods sold and given the 
sort of long lasting relationship we have with our vendors those costs have been relatively 
stable, the major price hike has been in the 10% fabric cost, which is any ways relatively a 
lot lower compared to other apparel manufacturers or retail brands. 
Shivam Saxena: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, three questions from my side, first is on the store size, this quarter we have seen more 
than 3000 square feet odd size each store and our average size including Shop in Shops is 
around 2200, so going forward are we opening more flagship stores and will the store size b 
at 3000 odd levels incrementally? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, the overall strategy of the company is that we want a higher share of our business to 
come from flagship stores as we move forward, so that will definitely be the case that we 
will be opening more flagship stores, larger flagship stores as we move forward, but when 
you ask about let say the  median of the store could be difficult to comment on and we also 
continue to expand into tier 3 cities, we opened a store in tier 2 city also this year and 
entered that market, so the amount of stores that we increase it will consist of both 
relatively smaller stores and also the flagship and super flagship stores, so it will be a mix 
of all, but given today's average there will be a higher share of flagship and super flagship 
as we move forward. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure, my second question is on your receivable days can you just share how does the 
receivable work with the franchise, so when a new store is opened do you take upfront 
revenue from franchise or he is given 90 days period till the time sales happen and then 
after that 30 days to recover the money, can you just throw some light on how the flow 
happens with the franchise owner? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Sure, when you open new store, we take a upfront security deposit from the franchise so 
that is based upon our internal policies so that takes care of our working capital cost also on 
the very first day and then accordingly the replenishment happen which is happening on a 
regular basis, we have an auto replenishment mechanism also, and on a weekly basis we 
have a collection model that the products, which are sold we are recovering money from 
there, so that is our overall recovery and collection model we follow. 
Vedant Modi: 
And adding on just in terms of what you are asking, yes, when we open a new store we 
book revenue on day one itself of whatever material we send to the store. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So, the receivable days which we see 140-days odd, so if it is a weekly collection where 
does this 140 day receivable come from then? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, in terms of receivable days the manner in which we track and monitor is as follows, I 
would like to explain a little bit, if you see our balance sheet you will find a trade receivable 
amount, the way we  monitor this we are seeing a receivable says of 53 days as on FY2022 
on revenue and how we computer it maybe I will explain for a minute. As I mentioned that 
we take upfront security deposit on the day one so that is something which is grouped under 
secure deposit under liability as far as financial  statements are concerned, we are also 
making provision for sales return against out debtor days, now if you net off these two 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 22 
amounts with my receivable amount then the net receivable days comes to 53 days on my 
revenue so that it is the appropriate manner in which we track internally and monitor the 
same. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure, but if we get a security deposit is the inventory given to the franchise for four months, 
apart from security deposit do we not take money from them for those 120 days? 
Vedant Modi: 
So let me just explain the way the whole statement works from a business perspective, we 
take an upfront security deposit from the franchise when we open a store which covers well 
more than the cost of goods we send to them. Now we book our revenue as a company 
when those products are shifted to the store and reach to the store and the franchise pays us 
twice every week as and when the product is actually sold to the consumer on the ground 
level. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure, but if I look at last year's bank guarantee and security deposit FY2022 data I do not 
have, I have the FY2021 data, around 53 days of security deposit is there on our books as 
on FY2021 and even if I take the absolute amount of receivable days it comes to 180 and if 
I adjust for that it is still 130 days odd, so if we cover for the inventory which is paid why 
are the receivable days so high? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, on that first of all the amount of deposit which is appearing in the financial statement it 
is lower than the gross deposit, so I will just give you some example, like as on March 31, 
2022, our actual gross deposit received audio cut 38:49 around, but in the financial 
statement there is a discounting, which is done because of Ind-AS adjustment and as a result 
the liability which is booked in the financial statement is around 120 Crores to 125 Crores, 
but the actually deposit is 150 Crores, now if I net off this deposit with my receivable 
amount which is appearing and if I reduce the refund liability which is also appearing then 
you will arrive at a number which is 53 receivable days on revenue and in FY2021, yes, 
because of COVID you know the receivable, the movements were impacted, so in FY2021 
the receivable days were much higher compared to FY2022 I would say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Yajash Mehta from Kotak 
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Yajash Mehta: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have two questions, the first one would be, my 
apologies if I had missed out, what would be the total revenue contribution from the brand 
Manyavar for Q4 as well as FY2022 and the second question being if you could just throw 
some colour on the EBITDA margins of the other brands I mean as per your comfort it is 
above the average or below? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure, as the company like as I had mentioned before we are not declaring the number 
separately for all the brands, we are doing it at a company level, brands apart from 
Manyavar are at a smaller scale currently and it is a strategic call to not talk about those 
numbers at this given moment, once Mohey scales to a certain level then we will be sort of 
sharing those numbers independently; however, the underlying fundamentals of the brands 
have been doing really well and all the growth levers are working to our advantage 
currently. Talking about the margins in the newer brands, they are lower than Manyavar 
currently; however, the overall idea is that as the brands scale up we will be able to get their 
margin similar to the current company average as and when the economy just scale and kind 
of kick in for those new brands as well. 
Yajash Mehta: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
Amit: 
Hi, Vedant. My question is about Mohey scale up, you said that you will be opening six to 
seven stores this year, right, that is a bigger market than the men's category that is more 
unorganized, why scale up is not been very aggressive, so just trying to understand what is 
the thinking behind this? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, I think the overall idea is that we are extremely bottom line focused company along 
with a lot focus on the efficiency that we are able to give to our franchise, so we take all 
elements of growth in a very conservative manner where we were able to also work on 
bottom line and it is a calibrated approach that we have decided to take whereas we feel that 
we have cracked overall lehenga market we have understood the overall nature this year 
onwards we are very confident about the saree market as well which we have understood in 
terms of the wedding and celebration market and slowly we are also trying out different 
product categories so the market we are comfortable in a sort of piloting with the new 
exclusive brand outlets we will be entering those; however, in terms of the kind of fast 
scaling that you are requesting for we will definitely get there in the next few quarters and 
we are very excited for the same. 
Amit: 
What are the other factors that will make you scale up like what will you say that if I 
achieve this, this is the point where I start scaling up Mohey to like 500 stores as well? 
Vedant Modi: 
The major sort of number that we are chasing as a company with Mohey is that once the 
exclusive brand outlets reaching a 10000 plus productivity numbers is what our aim is to 
reach internally that would be one factor in terms of going towards aggressive growth for 
the brand. 
Amit: 
Sorry, I missed that point, what is that 10000? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Vedant Mod: 
Rs.10000 per square feet as an exclusive brand outlet of Mohey. 
Amit: 
Got it. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Good evening everyone and I just need clarification on the new store opening where you 
mentioned you booked the revenue on day one, sorry to harp on this question, so the day 
one assuming Rs.100 MRP product you sell it to the new store, so the entire Rs.61 or Rs.71 
depending upon the least you have you book on the day one that entire Rs.61 or Rs.71 as a 
revenue? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes, whatever margin we give to the franchise is reduced from the MRP cost, based upon 
the replenishment which happens on day one to the franchise that replenishment value 
minus the franchise margin we book and the rest is recognized. 
Nikunj Gala: 
And against which he has only given you Rs.33 or Rs.35 of COGS or inventory at the cost 
as a security deposit, right so the remaining amount would sit as a receivables in you book 
right? 
Rahul Murarka: 
The remaining amount it is not about, so Rs.100 is the MRP, we have two models of 
franchise margin model, one is 18% and another is 29.5%, and then there is a GST 
component also, if we consider 35% margin, so on day one on the replenishment of Rs.100 
MRP product our revenue from operation is booked at Rs.65 and our receivable is also 
booked at Rs.65 and whatever deposits which we receive which is dependent upon our 
internal policy and mechanism that is appearing in my liability. 
Nikunj Gala: 
So he must have given Rs.35 so the net amount is the new receivables right in that case? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes, so if your monitor the receivable the net of deposit which are receivable. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Right exactly, and what percentage of yours if I ask square feet would be the stores where 
the Vedant Fashions would be bearing rent? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, 60% of our revenue comes from stores where we bare rest and this is a very strategic 
call that we take on a store-to-store basis so these are the prime real estate properties of 
India that we want to have control on as a company. 
Nikunj Gala: 
So, 50% of square foot you mentioned? 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Vedant Modi: 
60%. 
Nikunj Gala: 
So, it is more skewed towards the 71 take rate if I just take from per rate perspective so if 
should 61 in the case where they must be bearing rent and in that sense retail sense I am 
asking and in the case where you must be bearing rent it is 71% right, so ideally in 60% 
more skew towards you know 66%, 67% but for the year FY2022 we are looking at 70% 
net sales to DPL sales ratio so this on an account of the new stores which you have added so 
that understanding is correct? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes, exactly. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Got it and just lastly out of 595 EBOs which you have mentioned in the presentation, how 
much would be Shop & Shops this out of 595? 
Vedant Mod: 
77 stores are Shop & Shops out of this. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Sure, and lastly if I can squeeze in, the incremental square feet in tier 2 or tier 3 or the 
incremental number of towns you want to enter according to your experience what kind of a 
model you are having, you know the franchise is ready bear the rent or you want to bear the 
rent in that case? 
Vedant Modi: 
In tier 3 as a trend it is mostly the franchise that bears the rent and that is the sort of model 
we follow for tier 3 cities generally, but again this call is taken on a strategic level based on 
the store rather than holistically for any tier or on a company level. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divya Balakrishnan from Wellington 
Management Singapore. Please go ahead. 
Divya Balakrishnan: 
Thank you. I am really surprised that you mentioned we do not expect margins of a newer 
brands to exceed the company average, it would feel like we should have a much higher 
pricing power once we go closer to the women’s wear and bridal market so is there 
something that I am missing over there or are we just probably trying to be very 
conservative at this point, thanks? 
Vedant Modi: 
Madam, I think the overall idea is that we are trying to a take realistic targets and the overall 
idea is that as these brands scale up and we improve our inventory replenishment systems 
for each of these brands along with setting up a stronger supply chain that is more efficient 
in terms of producing these outfits for those particular brands, we are confident of scaling 
up to those levels; however, when we look at a longer term trend I think it is something we 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 22 
will be able to comment on later down the line what we are feeling about those particular 
margins for the new brands, as and when they actually do scale up to the current company 
average. 
Divya Balakrishnan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio Equi 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question is on the SGNA, I believe that 
you have an outsourcing model, but basically promoting brands so the biggest component 
should be SGNA given your celebrity advertisements, IPL team and seminar, so could you 
just tell us as to how do you look at this expenditure and how can we project expenditure 
going into future if this related to a percentage of sales with absolute amount with certain 
inflation, how does it work? 
Vedant Modi: 
In terms of A&P our outlook moving forward would be at a range of about 5% to 6% for 
the new financial year which is the number we are expecting based on the kind of efficiency 
is we have built over COVID, so I think COVID was a great boost in terms of moving 
towards digital, understanding how can we more efficiently target our consumers on the 
digital channel and we are able to now understand that whole platform and reach our 
grooms and brides in a much more efficient manner, so that will help us bring down the 
7.6% number in financial year 2020 to the 5% to 6% number moving on into financial year 
2023. 
Jayesh Shah: 
I see, given that you are looking to promote more women brands would not we see the 
spend going up in the short-term? 
Vedant Modi: 
Not based on what we have planned, Sir, so for the current upcoming financial year the 5% 
to 6% is the sort of number that we have in mind in terms of A&P. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Thank you, that is very useful. In franchise model generally what kind of money do the 
franchises make and how has been your experience with the franchises if you work 
basically with most of them and what are the key parameters if this is linked to their ROI’s 
or how does it work? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure, we have two models in terms of franchise, the first one in the 18% model, in this 
model the franchise is responsible for making a very beautiful store that has a capex of 
about Rs.2000 to Rs.2500 per square feet depending on the tier of the city and they also 
bear all the operational costs of this store, apart from the lease cost. In the 29.5% model, the 
franchise also bears the lease cost, so these are the two sort of models, which we operate in. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 22 
The kind of payback periods we have seen at a franchise level on an average is about three 
to three-and-a-half years, so they have been making very good money with us and they are 
extremely happy, as a company we have been extremely stakeholder friendly and 
stakeholder growth is one of our most important parameters, 77% of our franchises have 
also operated with us for more than three years now which is kind of a testament to these 
numbers and we continue to expand with our current partners itself in the existing cities to 
have a good franchises scorecard. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Right and how generally has been the churn in the franchises how many would you have 
terminated agreements till now? 
Vedant Modi: 
Historically almost no franchise has left us out of their own will; however, when franchises 
fall below a certain metric in our franchise scorecard they are put on a training plan where 
we try to improve them operationally; however, even after trying for about two quarters 
they are still not able to scale up then we have churned out of few franchises from the 
system which number would again be extremely small less than 2% to 3% less than that sort 
of a range. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Thank you, that is all and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Malviya from Union Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sorry I joined the call late, so can you explain the reason 
for dip in the gross margin when we look at Y-o-Y basis? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, the gross margin has been 67% around for FY2022. 
Vinod Malviya: 
For the fourth quarter compared to last year same quarter? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, for the Q4 FY2022, the gross margin was 66.4%. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Yes, it was 67.4% in the base quarter, so there is 1% point decline? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes, if we compare with Q4 FY2021, in Q4 FY2021 it was 67.4% and in Q4 FY2020 it was 
64.7%. 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes, I mean there has been a 1% drop when we look at a quarter level, so we had a lot of 
those parameters have to do with this s ort of a category shift that we saw in the last quarter, 
so in the later parts of the quarter we saw sales for different category such as kurtas, which 
was slightly lower during the previous year-on-year quarter, so those are the main 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 22 
parameters; however, as a company we feel all underlying fundamentals have been very 
strong and like we have been seeing it is a 66% to 67% gross margin scale that we aim to 
achieve even moving forward. 
Vinod Malviya: 
But in your previous comment you had said that you have not taken any price hike and your 
focus has been selling on more higher value products so ideally that should have given you 
a bit of gross margin, but it is in the gross margin when we see the reported numbers there 
was a dip so that strategy apparently it looks like it has not been locked in this particular 
quarter? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sir, I mean all the sort of numbers that we work on internally have been performing well, it 
is more to do with the shift and category of the products in a high value wedding related 
products for which the sale was a lot higher in Q4 FY2021, which was more of a wedding 
related shopping, we saw trends of more wedding related high ticket item purchases 
compared to Q4 FY2022 when we saw the slight bit of wedding attendees and customers 
are returning back to our stores to an extent, so it is a very marginal difference that we find 
in those sort of different categories. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Okay, the second question was on your the franchise model which you said one is 18%, the 
other one is 29.5% so out of how much of the franchise basically you have the lease I mean 
you have brought the property on your book and leased out to the franchise? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes, so like we have been mentioning about 60% of our revenue comes from stores where 
we bear the lease cost and almost similar 60% of each square feet area also which we pay 
the lease cost is what it is. 
Vinod Malviya: 
With this when we compare the numbers between the consumer sales and the reported sales, 
the difference is almost 30% which indicates that almost all the properties are leased by the 
franchise partner based on the reported number? 
Rahul Murarka: 
There was a similar question we were discussing like the average margin which you can 
consider is around 65% to 67%; however, difference you are seeing is 70% it is because of 
the new store openings right which is appearing as a part of my primary revenue, the 
revenue which I report in my P&L, which is not appearing in my revenue so that is the gap 
of 3% which you are talking about. 
Vinod Malviya: 
I will to take this question offline, okay. Thanks and that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have the question on the current market conditions, I think 
you did mention that for the full quarter the growth was about good percent despite the 
impact of Omicron if you could just share the current situation on the ground probably how 
was March, which was fully stable month and also in the current month probably how are 
you delivering and quick follow up question there is you know market feedback is that you 
know some of the regions or categories are doing better than the others, so what is our 
observation are we seeing the category that we operate are doing better than some of the 
others, are we getting any specific benefit out there, thank you so much? 
Vedant Modi: 
Of course, March was a very good month for us, as January was quite heavily disrupted in 
terms of COVID not as bad as what we have seen in earlier days, but January was still quite 
effected and a lot of those numbers were made back in March, it was definitely a very 
promising month for us. In terms of the kind of traction we are now seeing on the ground it 
is very optimistic and very promising and it is making us more confident as a business when 
we see a lot of trends coming back in terms of wedding attendees and festive and casual 
buyers returning back to our stores and again this is also affected in terms of our kurta sales 
increasing as a category compared to what we were seeing in the last two years, which were 
quite heavily disrupted because of COVID, so all the underlying fundamentals are pointing 
us to a very confident new financial year. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
So, could you share on like-to-like basis, how do we performed in March or probably in 
April and also the same question that I asked regarding specific categories or region that are 
doing better? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sir, again any equal number we would be happy to talk about in our next earnings call three 
months later, for the March I think it would be good to see that at quarter level because with 
January being disrupted a lot of demand would have moved into March, so it is to our 
benefit to look at it in terms of a quarter itself, March could be a little misleading. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir! 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you very much for all of you for joining us for this Q4 FY2022 and the financial year 
2022 investors presentation call and thank you so much for all your support during and 
throughout the IPO process and being invested in the company. Thank and looking forward 
to more of such calls in the future. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
May 10, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
