CFL/SEC/2022-23/MAY/11
engineered to Enhance
May 17, 2022
The Manager (Listing)
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001
Scrip Code: 508814
The Manager (Listing)
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza,
Plot no. C/l,G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Mumbai-400051
Security ID: "COSMOFILMS"
!"
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Earnings Call
Dear Sir,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst/Investor Earnings Call
held on May 10, 2022. The same is also available on the website of the Company at the below
mentioned link:
https://WvVw.cosmofilms.com/investors-Dresentation
You are requested to take the same on your records.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully
For Cosmo Films Limited
Secretary & Compliance Officer
It)
Jyot
t
Corn
y
End: ^/a
CIN : L92114DL1976PLC008355
Cosmo Films Limitec
1008, DLF Tower-A, Jasola District Centre, New Delhi 110025, Indi;
T • +01 11 4Q4Q4Q4Q F • 4.01 11 dOAO/locn
——-^::1_- --—

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Cosmo Films Company Limited 
Q4 FY22 Investors Conference Call 
May 10, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the Investor Call of Cosmo Films Limited to discuss the Q4 FY’2022 
results. Today, we have with us from the management, Group CEO Mr. Pankaj Poddar and 
Group CFO Mr. Neeraj Jain. Starting off with the statutory declarations certain statements in 
the Conference Call may be forward looking. These statements are based on the 
management’s current expectation and are subject to uncertainties and changes in 
circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results. As a reminder, all 
participant’slines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is been recorded. Now may I request Mr. Neeraj Jain 
to take us through his opening remarks, subsequent to which we can open the floor to Q &A. 
Thank you and over to you, Neeraj sir. 
Management: 
Thank you and very good afternoon ladies and gentleman, we will start the call with a brief 
performance of the Company which may be followed by the question. First, talking about the 
March 2022 quarter results. The Company has posted the core consolidated quarterly EBITDA 
of Rs. 165 crores during the March 2022 quarter. With this quarter result, in fact the 
Company has posted uptick EBITDA performance continuously in a row from last thirteen 
quarters now. Consolidated sales for the quarter are Rs.821 crores which is higher by 22% 
from their two last year similar quarter. EBITDA has increased to Rs.165 crores which is 31% 
higher compared to last year’s similar quarter due to a couple of reasons.  First, higher 
specialty sales which in fact has grown for us almost 17% on full-year basis and better-
operating margin. BOPP film margins have been running close to Rs.45 per kg compared to 
previous quarter of Rs.43 per kg, when I say previous quarter, it means December 2021 
quarter and Rs.36 per kg compared to March 2021 quarter and third of course the better 
performance by the overseas subsidiaries. The , subsidiaries taken together have contributed 
Rs.19 crores of EBITDA in March 2022 quarter as compared to Rs.14 crores in March 2021 
quarter. Better performance by  subsidiaries is primarily due to higher sales and higher 
specialty growth. Enhanced EBITDA along with the lower effective tax rate led to increase in 
PAT by 45% for the quarter.  

 
Page 2 of 17 
Now moving to full-year results, The consolidated sale for the full year is Rs.3,038 crores 
which is 33% higher compared to last year. EBITDA has increased to Rs.628 crores for the full 
year, which is 44% higher compared to last year. The  higher EBITDA is a result of primarily 
three factors, higher specialty sales by almost 17%, better BOPP film margin which for the full 
year has been average running  at Rs. 40 per kg compared to Rs. 29 per kg, last full year and 
uptick performance by the subsidiaries which  taken together for the full year contributed 
Rs.94 crores of EBITDA as against Rs.32 crores in FY2021. Better subsidiaries performance  is 
primarily due to  higher specialty sales and overall better volume. On trailing 12 month-basis, 
the Company’s EPS has increased to Rs.222 per share compared to Rs.127 last year end. 
Again, based on trailing 12 month-basis, Company’s ROCE stand at 29% and ROE stand at 39% 
which is one of the best in the industry. 
Considering the Company’s business activities have expanded beyond films to say specialty 
chemicals including masterbatches, coatings, textile chemicals and we are also going to soon 
launch adhesives and D2C Pet Care business and also, we are going to soon launch the 
consumer application films, the board of directors of the Company at its meeting on 9th of 
May has recommended change in the name of the Company from Cosmo Films Limited to 
Cosmo First Limited. This is subject to shareholder’s approval. 
If we consider flexible packing Industry, Cosmo Films is known more for industry-first niche 
solutions and more for the first to come with innovation. Accordingly Company’s board of 
directors has recommended the name of the Company as Cosmo First Limited. The board of 
directors of the Company have also recommended for approval by shareholders bonus issues 
of 1 equity share of Rs. 10/- each for every 2 equity share of Rs. 10/- held by the shareholder 
as on the Record Date. 
The bonus issue reflects management’s confidence in business strategy and the growth 
prospects. 
Coming to balance sheet side, the Company’s net debt stands at Rs. 303 crores as of March 
2022 which is less than 0.5x of net debt to EBITDA and 0.3 times of net debt to equity. And of 
course, with these financials it reaffirms the strong financials that is why the credit rating also 
during the year has been enhanced to AA-/CRISIL.The Company is looking for about Rs. 200 
crores of CAPEX in next financial year which will largely be value-add CAPEX on the BOPET 
line, , CPP line and BOPP line which we have already announced earlier. The financials of the 
Company are expected to remain fairly robust even after this capex. CAPEX on BOPP, BOPET 
and CPP line will happen in parts over next three years and, cash generation from operations 
is strong. 
Now, I will move to specialty films. Specialty films has grown on an average by 18% during last 
3 years .The Company’s specialty sales for FY’2022 now stand at 63% in volume terms and 
70% in value terms. We are in process of ordering several value-add assets to further 

 
Page 3 of 17 
enhance growth in the specialty portfolio and we are looking for 80% run rate target for the 
specialty film by the end of the FY23. Some of the key products which will drive specialty sales 
growth include synthetic paper, coating films, technical film and thermal lamination. Of 
course, to add to it some new products are in pipeline like the Direct Thermal Printable film 
The Company is also going to launch to heat control film which will be typically used in offices 
and homes and we expect by the end of FY’23, we should have this film  in place. 
Now, I will move to growth projects. The coming year, B2B segment which include growth in 
the specialty sales, specialized BOPET line, world’s largest BOPP and CPP line and the other 
vertical B2C segment which include Direct-to-Consumer pet care and various specific 
specialty chemicals. These are the business verticals which will drive the growth. Specialized 
BOPET line commissioning may start from Q2FY23, in fact in the later part of Q2, the line will 
add close to 20% capacity. The company is targeting complementary growth from the 
specialized BOPET line at the shink level, the other high-end specialty. This will partially 
substitute imports happening in India and is also an excellent opportunity to convert non-
recyclable in the film market in India which is close 30,000 metric ton industry. 
The Company has placed order for new BOPP line which will be world’s largest production 
capacity line and will increase Company’s production by close to one-third. The line is 
expected to commence commercial production by FY2025. Further, as announced earlier, the 
Company has also placed order for CPP line which will have close to 25,000 metric ton 
capacity and expecting to commence commercial production in about 2 years from now. The 
CPP film will promote sustainability as it will open mono-layer structure. The capacity 
addition now to summarize, BOPET, BOPP and CPP line will allow the Company to further 
expand its specialty film portfolio. 
Moving to Zigly, as we know, pilot launch of the pet care division under the brand name Zigly 
has delivered better than forecasted result, and now the Company is in a phase to roll out its 
digital first omni-channel business model for Zigly. The Company now plans to enhance 
presence by increasing online sales by launching the app and the open stores between 15-20 
stores in FY2023. 
Moving to the specialty chemical, the masterbatch line has done fairly well. , In fact in the 
first year of operation, it’s PAT positive.  
The Company could use more than 50% of the capacity on the masterbatch line with exit 
quarter 4 run rate of 62% capacity utilization. In the first year of operation, it’s PAT positive 
on the specialty chemicals. Textile chemical business, the commercial production has started 
from the quarter2 of FY2022 and we already commercialized more than 50 products which 
are getting supplied to 40 plus customers. The Company continues to conduct extensive trial 
with the customers and expect much more products and much more customers to add in the 
coming month. Now, for the specialty chemical, I would say FY2023 will be year for scaler. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
I think these were the updates from the management side. Now; we would like to open the 
call for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Ravi 
Naredi from Naredi Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Thank you very much to give me the opportunity.Sir when you have just mentioned in the 
highlights, when you demerge Zigly, when it came from decent topline or bottomline or just 
now? 
Management: 
I think that is on cards, as we announced earlier So, currently, we are at the stage of scaling 
up the operation for the Zigly, practically current year FY2023 will be our first year of 
operation in terms of the scaling. So, definitely, it will be medium term, it will not be long-
term but that is on card. 
Ravi Naredi: 
So, we may think in financial year 2025, we will be able to demerge this? 
Management: 
Frankly, there is board of directors to decide but as I mentioned, it will be medium term, it 
will not be long-term. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay and Sir, secondly what is the purpose Korean plant we have established there, can you 
tell how much we have invested there? What is topline and bottomline? 
Management: 
Actually, the Company has acquired JBC Commercial Printing business more than a decade 
back and with that acquisition; we inherited the Korean plant which actually is a very good 
plant to cater particularly to the Japanese market which is fairly sensitive market in terms of 
quality etc. We definitely see a value add from the Korea plant, so we continued operation in 
the Korean plant while some other plants we shifted we actually shifted over a period of time 
from overseas location to our SEZ plant in India. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay, so what will the topline and bottomline in financial year 2022 for Korean plant? 
Management: 
Broadly, the Korean plant cater to Japanese lead so it largely supplies to Japan but other than 
these third-party sale, I do not recall the exact number but it will be less than $10 million. 
Ravi Naredi: 
$10 million and it is in profit? 
Management: 
Yes. Korean operations are in profit. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
With so much deep globalization taking place would it not be better idea to the expanding in 
location abroad where more modern plants are needed and also with ongoing shipping crisis, 
also import tariff that countries are putting up, can we see at a more multi-locational 
manufacturing activity from your end? 
Management: 
We believe that India has significant demand within the country and our cost is still very 
competitive in the world. Therefore, when it comes to film business production, we continue 
to expand within the country. However, when it comes to some of our other businesses, we 
are going to evaluatein the future, whether we should expand overseas and more so for Zigly. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And secondly, Sir, I missed the answer on the value addition that we are enjoying at this point 
of time, that is one and one more question is that, how you are not been able to adjust the 
organization’sculture towards now B2C which is the pet care business and where the more 
startup kind of a mindset is required. So, have we developed any best practices to do that 
because that could be really good case study going forward also for most of the companies? 
Management: 
As far as, all of our businesses are concerned, they are run by separate teams. It is not that 
everything is being run by the common team. Zigly has a separate team, Cosmo Specialty 
Chemicals have a separate team, heat control films have a separate team, films have a 
separate team and accordingly the culture is also designed in line with the needs of the 
business. However, as a group, we have a very progressive culture, we are employer of 
choice. We are first when it comes to our people and therefore, we do not see any issues 
around that. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And about the value-additionSir, where does it stand at this point of time? 
Management: 
Say again please, could you please repeat your question. 
Faisal Hawa: 
What is the VA now that we are enjoying for BOPET and BOPP vehicle? 
Management: 
Value-add. It will all depend on the type of the film, as we indicated at the beginning of the 
call. The gross margins were running close to Rs.35 per Kg and of course you know depending 
on the exact nature of the film, the variable cost components were ranged between Rs.15-25. 
So, that means if we add 45 plus other variable cost this will give a total value-add. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay, I will come back in the queue for more questions. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Neerav Jimudia from Anvil Research. Please go 
ahead. 
NeeravJimudia: 
Good afternoon team and congratulation for excellent set of numbers. Sir, I have only one 
question, so in the last two years have been very eventful for the entire industry like in terms 
of the demand growth what we have seen and similar improvement in the margin. But if you 
can just help us, explain in terms of, what were the challenges being faced by the Company 
over last two years. Our learnings and lessons through these challenging times or the 
challenge is being faced by Company, and if you can explain this with respect to the new 
product launches as well as some of process improvements, what we have done over last 2-3 
years that could be helpful Sir. 
Management: 
We love challenges that make the life more interesting. Obviously, we are all living in a VUCA 
world where in the morning you plan for something and in the afternoon, you do not know 
what events will happen which is going to make changes to your planning. Having said that, 
we believe that businesses success is a lot about people. I would say that close to 90% is 
about the team that you have is equal to people dealing and so on and that remains our 
focus, if we have the right set of people, you can meet any of the challenges.When it comes 
to specific challenges, we have started many new businesses in last 2-3 years, building up the 
team, ensuring that we have the right set of culture, ensuring that the strategy is right. Those 
have been some of areas that we worked with vigorously in last 2-3 years. When it comes to 
films, we ensure that our customers take the benefit of BOPP being one of the most 
sustainable materials, so we help them in creating recyclable structures. We entered into 
specialty business with more vigor and every year we made sure that we have better growth 
than the previous year. As we all know that getting into value-added is a tough start, you 
need to have a portfolio of products, you need to have continuous innovation, and you need 
to have ongoing trials with the customers. So, Cosmo Film did very well in terms of not just 
growing year-on-year but making sure that every year’s growth is better than last year’s 
growth. So, I think the plate was full and Cosmo films really did very well to surpass those 
challenges and making Cosmo successful not just in our existing film business but launching a 
new business very nicely and we already have started seeing the benefits of it. 
NeeravJimudia: 
Sir, if you can just correlate with the power cost or the wastage of what can happen out of 
the film production because ours is also a power intensive industry where on an annual basis, 
we may be incurring around Rs.130-150 crores of power or so. Have you done anything 
towards that side in terms of controlling some of the cost by entering into some contracts 
with the outside agencies, where we can get a power on a sustainable basis, which help us to 
run our plant also smoothly, so one upon that side and second on, have you been successful 
in reducing the wastages or in way improve our input/output ratios for the films? 
Management: 
I would talk about the larger subject who has been working on reviewing the carbon footprint 
by 50% by 2030 and we also want to eliminate some of the carbon that we emit by planting 

 
Page 7 of 17 
thousands of trees. Those are two very broad levels of gestures that we have set for our self, 
when it comes to power, we are increasing shifting to renewable power. All our plants are 
solar power, then our Baroda Plant also has wind power. We have done a very large 
agreement again for Baroda where we are going to shift almost 50% of our total power 
requirement into renewable sources which are going to be effective within next few months. 
One side it is going to make us more sustainable Company, at the same time, it will also 
reduce our variable cost because we all know that the cost of evaluation of renewable 
sources is very limited in terms of one-time CAPEX that we have to do. We are also evaluating 
various possibilities for both the Maharashtra plant. Maharashtra government’s policy, I 
would say, it will need more improvement to encourage more and more renewable power. 
Having said that, we identify certain areas where, we can increase the renewable power 
access for us.Even when it comes to wastages, we are working on various fronts.Last year, we 
were able to reduce our wastages by close to 8-9% but more than reducing wastage, what we 
have also made sure that some of this wastage can be re-consumed in the factory again.So, 
we had increased the reprocessed annual consumption in the last year by more than 25% 
which was a pretty large achievement for us.We have also worked towards reducing the 
number of trucks that we used to reduce the carbon footprint and we were able to do that 
reduction by having better truck utilization and thereby reducing overall carbon footprint by 
15% when it comes to usage of trucks. So, your Company has a taken lot of initiatives to be a 
more environmental friendly Company and at the same time be more sustainable with the 
cost. 
NeeravJimudia: 
Got it Sir, yes it answers my question, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinath M. from Motilal Oswal AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Shrinath M: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on a great set of 
numbers.I have a couple of questions. The first one is, we are looking about Rs.900 crores 
expansion over the next three years in the films business. What kind of asset turn should we 
expect on this Rs.900 crores? 
Management: 
Different business will have different turn. If we talk about our film business, it has a turn of 
close to 2.If we talk about our chemical business,it will have turn off may be 10.If we talk 
about Zigly business it will again have an excellent turn as we continue to scale up in revenue 
from online and offline goes up, it will also easily have a turn of may be 5.So, and these turns 
will continue to improve as we scale up the newer businesses. I do not know if it answers 
completely. 
Shrinath M: 
Yeah, just that your presentation gives the detail break-up of the film’s CAPEX but the 
chemical CAPEX is not very clear. How much are we likely to invest in chemicals over the next 
three years? 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Management: 
About our chemical businesses, it is a specialty chemical, more of innovation business than 
putting too much CAPEX. So, it is very asset light business and with a very good ROCE. 
Shrinath M: 
Right. So, tentative CAPEX number? 
Management: 
So, just to add to our context with respect to specialty chemical CAPEX, predominately for a 
particular level of operation, we have done the CAPEX in FY2022. As I, indicated at the 
beginning of the call, FY2023 will be year for scale up for specialty chemical businesses. There 
is no significant CAPEX in FY2023. 
Shrinath M: 
Right and my second question was a slightly broader question, is there an overall strategy in 
the Company on how to enhance shareholder values especially of minority shareholder, just 
want to get your thoughts on overall strategy for minority shareholders. 
Management: 
Shareholder to us, are extremely important, they are also first in our priorities and if you 
really see, we have always been a very good dividend paying Company. If you see last 20 
years’ of history and also recently now in the last board meeting the board members have 
approved bonus shares. In the recent past, we have also done buybacks. So, these are some 
of the measures that we have taken and we will be very happy to hear if you have any 
specific suggestion which can make mutual sense for the industry and the Company both. 
Shrinath M: 
Right, so couple of thoughts was that I think this year we declared about as Rs.35 as dividend 
overall, two interim dividends Rs.25 and Rs.10 and our full year EPS is about Rs.222 crores. 
So, the dividend payout ratio works about 15%. Can it be higher that is a question which we 
need to ask ourselves.Can it be to 20-25%, for example one of our competitors has an explicit 
dividend payout policy of 20% of consolidated profit. So, can our payout ratio be higher, and 
that is number one. Number two, we had significant reserves actually, so why this 1:2 bonus 
whenit could have been more liberal ratio. So, any thoughts on these two things payout and 
the bonus ratio? 
Management: 
Well if you see, the competitors, you will have all kind of examples, you have kind of 
examples which may not be paying the dividend at all and of course one example you 
referred. 
Shrinath M: 
So, then look at companies who do not have dividend payouts, we should look at those who 
have. Because they enjoy higher multiples than our Company does. So, there must be some 
correlation between payouts and the PE multiples. So, that is something we may need to bear 
in mind. 
Management: 
Broadly, if you look at last, when we gained history or so the Company has been paying 
between 15-20% of PAT in the form of dividend. FY2022 has seen a record performance and 
accordingly the dividend in terms of per rupee also, it has been at the record level. But of 

 
Page 9 of 17 
course, having said so it is up to the board of directors to finally decide on the dividend but 
it’s in alignment to Company’s further growth plan in CAPEX, accordingly dividend payout has 
been considered for the FY2022. But I will take your first part of question in little different 
way, not only about rewarding the shareholders, a large part of the reward may come in 
terms of the capital appreciation of the share and for that purpose Company is planning fairly 
effectively the growth. As you know, the diversification in films, like one of business will have 
very superior kind of the ROCE or expected to have fairly superior ROCE in that. One hand 
Company is trying to overall increase the ROCE performance for of course the capital 
appreciation in the value of the share and on other hand, another business where we are 
investing of course the Zigly, which is expected to generate fair amount of valuation for the 
shareholders. So, overall if you look at, I think one is the rewarding and second of course is 
the Company’s continuous efforts in these directions. 
Shrinath M: 
So, capital appreciation, we should look at two parts, one is the earnings per share and the 
other is the PE multiple. So, Company is in control of earnings per share but the PE multiple is 
the function of the market, what the market decide. So, market seems to favor companies 
with higher commitment to minority shareholder, that is what the number seems to suggest, 
like one of our competitor is enjoying a PE multiple in excess of 15 whereas ours is kind of sub 
10 .So, we should may be think of how we can raise our PE multiple figure. The earnings will 
come for sure but the PE multiple will also decide the capital appreciation. So, I thought that 
a 1:1 bonus would have been the most common thing because we have ample reserve. So, 
what was the thinking behind 1:2? 
Management: 
As I said, it is the board to decide finally. The board has to allocatevarious other factors 
behind this. 
Shrinath M: 
If the Company proposes something there is a good chance that the board may approve that 
but the Company may have proposed 1:2 only .So, I was just wondering is there a thinking 
behind that. 
Management: 
Yes, there are considerations behind it. Multiple things were discussed those were closed 
meetings and obviously you can expect lot of good stuff which happened in the board 
meeting but to be honest, yes, all these things are discussed in the board meeting. As you 
know, we have highly celebrated kind of a board with some respected members of the 
society and I am sure they have taken an informed decision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurav Dutta from Minerva India. Please go 
ahead. 
SauravDutta: 
Thanks for the opportunity .I just wanted to understand the reason for decline in the EBITDA 
margins sequentially fromQ3 FY2022 to Q4 FY2022.There is slight dip in the margins. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
Management: 
Well actually, this is an industry as we said in the past, as in terms of the percentages may not 
be the best way to look at, so while in terms of the absolute value the margin has increased 
as I indicated at the beginning of the call. BOPP overall margin was Rs.45 per kg compared to 
Rs.43 per kg previous quarter and last year of course the number was much lower. But since 
the value of the sales depends to a large extent to only raw material price, the percentage 
term it may be up or down depending on the raw materials because ultimately, we all have to 
shift the large part of the raw material increase to the customer. So, that way in percentage 
form it may not be the best way to look at for the industry. 
SauravDutta: 
Alright, thanks a lot. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Aggarwal from Aequitas India. 
Please go ahead. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and first of all congratulation Team Cosmo for the super set of 
number. Sir, my question was regarding the heat control film that you talked about, I just 
wanted to know a bit more like when are we planning, what is the timeline, what’s the 
market size and what kind of a revenue and margins that we can do out of this. 
Management: 
Heat control is a very under developed market in the country and we feel there is a very large 
potential to educate the customer how heat control can reduce their air-conditioning load, be 
sustainable and make their houses look better. So, it will require a lot of education to the 
consumers in India and the margins in this business should generally be quite strong. There 
area lot of imports happening in the country when it comes to heat control films, lot of 
Chinese low-quality, poor quality material is coming which eventually has to be stopped and 
be replaced by the right product which can actually make a difference to the shopping mall, 
or to commercial complexes, to the industry, to consumers at large and we ourselves have 
very strong aspiration, when it comes to this business. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Any set of timeline that we have in mind for launching this product? 
Management: 
It should be launched early next financial year. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Okay so this will be post the BOPET line. 
Management: 
Yeah, this will be value-addition to the BOPET; we have done lot of changes to our BOPET 
line. There will be lot of barrier to entry because we have modified our line, we have added 
lot of assets after this and given our strength to R&D, virtually everything will be done in-
house and we feel that ecologically, we will have the best product in the world and the most 
cost effective both at the same time. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
ShhubhamAggarwal: 
Nice to hear that and Sir, secondly my question would be forward looking to FY2023. So, 
obviously this year was very good and realizations and margins have been pretty good but for 
FY2023, how do we see the revenue growth or from where if you can break it up between 
specialty chemical BOPET line that is coming up and any other initiative that you are taking 
from the growth prospective and if you can break it up it would be helpful. 
Management: 
We cannot give forward looking numbers to be honest, having said that the growth will come 
from polyester business, the growth will come from specialty chemical business and Zigly 
business. So, there are these three areas where growth will come. On an overall business, we 
expect minimum 15% growth to happen in the current year. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Okay, so I was trying to understand out of this 15% growth how much would be contributed 
from specialty chemical as such? 
Management: 
Sorry, just one rider there, this we are assuming that raw material price will remain same as 
last year and at times our EBITDA percentages and sales percentages growth numbers do get 
impacted. Last year, because of the commodity shortages worldwide raw materials were at 
all-time high. So, we have to sector in that but this 15% number that we have given, is 
assuming that we will have same set of raw material cost. Now coming to specialty chemical; 
specialty chemical will become a very important component of the business as we pass each 
year.Within one year, we have in the last year, have done Rs.90 crores sales, when it comes 
to specialty chemical and we will be more than doubling the sale in the next year. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Fair enough, and lastly a book-keeping question, so our tax rate this quarter seems to be on 
the lower side. I think 19.6%.So, any specific reason and will this go back to 25%or so? The tax 
percentage? 
Management: 
The tax willnow most likely will stay around 25% because if we do not take any exemption 
then it is expected to stay 25%. We are doing an evaluation whether, we should stay with the 
old regime or shift to 25% within next couple of quarters, three quarters we should be able to 
complete our set line whether we want to stay in old regime or the new regime. But 
irrespective our tax rates should be around 25%. 
ShubhamAggarwal: 
Fair enough. Thank you, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Good afternoon, gentleman, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good set of 
numbers. Sir, my question was regarding our subsidiary after taking over US subsidiary long 
back the ACCO brand, we have been struggling even in Korea and US to generate some profit. 
But in last few quarters, we are doing decent over there especially this quarter. So, can you 

 
Page 12 of 17 
highlight upon how that business is panning out and how do you see future of these 
subsidiaries, do this profit will grow from here on or its still challenging? 
Management: 
See one of the difficult changes that we did to ourstrategy that these operations as a 
standalone were very small and as you understand that Japan, Korea, US are all high-cost 
countries and they were making losses. The simple thing, we did was to make best use of our 
assets, we spread them out and we ensured that we increase our sales of all our products and 
not limit ourselves to lamination films. This strategy has played very well for us, our sales in 
US has grown from $30 million to $65 million and we do expect that the sales will continue to 
grow from here and will generate decent margins to Cosmo. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, my second question was regarding our entry into this heat reduction film. So, what we 
understand correct me if we are wrong, this area is very crowded, there are many people and 
established branded players. So, how we will compete them. How do you see facing these 
challenges? 
Management: 
Unfortunately, India does not have any branded player as I said earlier, India is importing 
films from US, China, Korea and some other country and we feel that there is clearly a space 
for one established player. We feel that the margins in this business are very nice. The 
important thing is to crack down on the technology part on which we have been working for 
more than two years and as we said that we will be first Company in the world who will have 
complete backward integration for everything that we are going to use in that film and 
therefore, we will be technically very superior and cost-wise we will be very superior and 
obviously any brand development takes time. It will not happen overnight but we feel that 
we are on a journey to make a very successful business in the times to come. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Very helpful Sir. Thank you very much and good luck to you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from MoneyBee Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question 
was pertaining to slide number3, where you mentioned each 1% shift in specialty adds to 
around Rs.4-5 crores to EBITDA. So, I just wanted to understand whether this still holds true 
in the current pricing scenario and if we are moving from 70-80% would that mean that it 
would add another Rs.40-50 crores to our EBITDA. 
Management: 
You are right on both the questions. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Sheth from Buoyant Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
DipenSheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, I was just taking a look at your balance sheet and while 
consolidated net debt to EBITDA or Equity continuously coming down that is not the case 
with gross debt and we continue to carry reasonable amounts of investments. So, is there a 
particular reason we are doing this, is there arbitrage in the cost of borrowing versus the yield 
on these investments is that behind this decision. 
Management: 
There is arbitrage but we are not doing it for arbitrage but we want to have a very strong 
warchest as well money available for our future expansion plan. 
DipenSheth: 
So, is it fair assumed that the entire composition of the treasury or the investments portfolio 
is liquid in nature? 
Management: 
Yeah, it is liquid in different part, some is liquid at a very short notice, and some is liquid after 
some months or some quarter. So, depending on our needs, we have different guidelines for 
every investment. 
DipenSheth: 
And the other thing is that we laid out a CAPEX plan of Rs. 800-900 crores, actually it will not 
happen in one particular year, it is going to be spread-out over a period of time. Now, while 
we continue to carry debt at a net level and in fact reasonable amounts at a gross level. When 
you look at the business and yes it has transformed over the last 3-4 years pretty dramatically 
but what used to be a single digit margin business now looks comfortably placed to do at 
least mid-teen margins. Is that a fair take or is there cyclicality which we must protect against 
and perhaps just spare down debt. 
Management: 
There are two parts of our business when it comes to only films, obviously in the medium to 
long term we intend to become a large Indian conglomerate. However, when we talk about 
only film business, close to 65% of our business is already into specialty where the margins 
remain stable because we are linked with our raw material cost. 35% business is still cyclical 
and we intend to make it less cyclical while moving more towards specialty. We cannot give a 
100% specialty Company because some of our customers continue to push, ask to supply 
from commodity and in many cases, let say, if you are exporting and customer wants 20 tons, 
they may have a demand to only 15 tons of specialty, so we end up giving them commodity. 
But we will move this number to 80% and then even with the new expansion our focus will be 
that at least on an overall basis 80% of our volume, we may in specialty. 
DipenSheth: 
Right, I am hearing you loud and clear.Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Vipul Shah: 
Hi Sir, congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Sir, when you say 80% of sales, you 
acquire from specialty, so is it by value or is it by volume? 
Management: 
It is by value. However, by volume also we intent to achieve. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay, Sir on your CAPEX plan, you have not given CAPEX plan for your specialty chemical 
business and your pet care business. So, can you give the figures what you want to spend for 
these two business over next two years? 
Management: 
I have already stated that chemical business did Rs. 90 crores last year in the kind of the first 
year for the business and we intend to more than double in this current year. 
Vipul Shah: 
No, I am talking about CAPEX. 
Management: 
Yeah, both these businesses have very limited CAPEX, the chemical business is more about 
innovative products and does not involve too much CAPEX. I do not think so that next five 
years CAPEX will be more than Rs. 50-75 crores when it comes to chemical business. Though, 
obviously these things can change over a period of time, but irrespective specialty chemicals 
do not require huge CAPEX. Similarly, in Zigly, we are operating on a least model when it 
comes to stores or warehouses and also for online, as we all know that the CAPEX is very 
limited. So, both these businesses the CAPEX in a size is very insignificant versus for our film 
business where CAPEX continues to be much higher. 
Vipul Shah: 
And Sir, lastly, on BOPET lines, what is the amount we have spent till date? 
Management: 
Close to Rs.250 crores. 
Vipul Shah: 
And BOPP where Rs.350 crores CAPEX is lined up, how much you spent till date? 
Management: 
Well, we have already placed order for the line. So, advances have been paid and the 
remaining part of the CAPEX is to be done till FY2025. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinath M. from MotilalOswal AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Shrinath M: 
Yeah again, I have one question, is there a long term 5-year kind of a target from Rs.3000 
crores currently. Is there a ballpark aspirational target for the management over five years 
out? 
Management: 
See over the five years, although it is difficult at this stage to quantify exact number. Broadly, 
we are looking for $1 billion. 
Shrinath M: 
$1 billion of revenue. Yeah perfect. Thanks a lot. 

 
Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirti Tibrewal from Yashwi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, I wanted to ask Sir can you please give production or sales 
volumes for the year or for the quarter. 
Management: 
As we said, overall specialty chemical rate close to Rs. 90 crores of topline. Volume numbers, 
we are sorry we would not be able to share on the call. 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Okay, and Sir, is there any outlook for the cost increased like is it going to increase or is it 
going to stabilize? 
Management: 
See, if you are referring the film business as you can see in the quarter 4 results, the margins 
are little better in absolute value. So far whatever raw material cost has increased that has 
been passed on to the customer. 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Okay, Sir, any price increase or realization which any price hike, you are going to take? 
Management: 
That is something which is a continuous process. So, there is no specific date or plan for price 
increase that keeps on happening from time to time. 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Sir, any definite timeline, like if you are going to take a price hike in the coming quarter or 
something like that? 
Management: 
You asking the timeline for the price increase? 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Yeah sir, any price hike, any percentage wise. 
Management: 
We would not be able to indicate any timeline for the price increase. As I said, it is a very 
continuous process, it keeps on happening. It is a day-to-day business. 
KirtiTibrewal: 
Okay Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, how you see the recycling business coming up in the future because Uflex has also 
announced something similar and even Polyplex has done it. So, you feel that it could almost 
pick up like an extension of each and every film Company’s business. And second question is 
that do you see any opportunity in the Tetra Pak business because you want to be first in 
almost everywhere. So, the Tetra Pak is now being manufactured by others also and this 
could be a huge opportunity going forward and you feel that there are some other 

 
Page 16 of 17 
opportunity also in the recyclable space, where paper is replacing plastics or pallets and other 
material which are not very environmentally friendly. 
Management: 
So, I understood your question has three parts, one is on the recycling, you see all our plants 
today also are equipped and have been doing recycling for the waste getting generated 
within the plant. And on the top of it in any case Company is looking for the recycling of post-
consumer waste as well. So, I think, that is very much on the radar. We immediately have no 
plan to launch any kind of Tetra Pak kind of the product.But synthetic paper is an excellent 
product and which if you will touch it, it provides you a feel of a paper, although its plastic 
and the target is basically any durability which you need to provide like for example, the 
university certificates, school certificates, passports, maps, visiting cards, where you intend to 
provide the feel and touch of paper but with added advantage of durability, the synthetic 
paper is an excellent product to have. So, we are fairly optimist about the synthetic paper for 
the coming years. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir used for capacitor manufacturing, because now electronics and mobile manufacturing will 
be big hub in India also, which Export is also doing in India. 
Management: 
So, if you do recall, two quarters back or so we announced metallization capacity which is 
eligible in fact for the PLI incentive also. So, that is for the capacitor line. 
Faisal Hawa: 
It will be a very good margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question for today’s conference. I now 
hand the conference over the management for closing comments.Over to sir. 
Management: 
So, I would say Cosmo First Limited stands for four-decade young Indian business 
conglomerate. The ties on innovation to unlock values in diverse sectorsincluding films, 
consumer care, specialty chemical and direct-to-consumer pet care business under Zigly 
brand. So, to sum up for the investors, the Company is taking all required steps to transform 
into a specialty packaging and its specialty chemical company with B2B and B2C segment in 
years to come. The specialty polyester line, BOPP line, CPP line, which are expected to get 
commissioned between FY2023 to FY2025, plus focus on enhanced specialty sales. 
Diversification includes specialty chemical and pet care. These are the sectors to drive growth 
in the coming year.The Company is focused very clearly and will continue on improving its 
specialty films, R&D and sustainability which should yield results in the coming years. At the 
end of the call, I will repeat a statutory declaration certain statements in this con call may be 
forward looking statements. These statements are based on management’s current 
expectation and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements 
are not guarantees of future results. Thank you very much for joining us. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Cosmo Films Limited that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
