May 18, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No: C/1, G Block 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
matrimony.com 
VW[,:'te Relationship Department 
- 
Phiroze JeeJh'e 
o Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -
001 
Sub: Call transcript of Investor/Analyst conference call under regulation 30(6) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Ref: BSE Scrip code: 540704 / NSE Symbol: MATRIMONY 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the call transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference call with the Company 
held on 12th May 2022 is attached herewith. 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.matrimony.com. 
Submitted for your information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Matrimony.com Limited 
Sftd 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 18951 
No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor, 
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai - 600028 
matrimony.com ltd. 
( CIN: L63090TN2001PLC047432) 
. 
. 
Corporate & Registered Office : No. 94 TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower 2, 5th Floor, MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalai Puram, Chenna1, Tamil Nadu - 600 028. 
Phone: 044 -4900 1919, 044-3095 3095 

ANALYST: 
"Matrimony.com Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Conference Call" 
May 12, 2022 
IIFL SECURITIES 
C 
H
O
 
L 
L a; 
MR. SAURABH THADANI - IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MRo MURUGAVEL JANAKIRAMAN - CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR- MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MR. SUSHANTH PAI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
MATRIM0NYoC0M LIMITED 
Page 1 of 16 

Moderator: 
Saurabh Thadani: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Matrimony.com Q4 FY2022 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ·*' and then ·Q' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Thadani from 
IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Thank you Mike. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Apologies for the slight delay in 
starting and thanks for joining us today on the Q4 FY2022 earnings call of Matrimony.com 
Limited. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I would like to thank the management of 
matrimony.com for giving us the opportunity to post this earnings call. Today we have with 
us from the management Mr. Murugavel Janakiraman, Chairman and Managing Director 
and Mr. Sushanth Pai, Chief Financial Officer. With that I will hand over the call to Mr. 
Murugavel sir to take the proceedings forward. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you Saurabh. Good evening everyone. I hope all of you are continuing to stay safe 
and healthy. When we started last year, the second wave of the pandemic caused a great 
situation to people and business. Apart from the people's centricity, we had the relentless 
execution of our strategy through our committed leadership and associates and we are all 
working towards our core purpose of helping people to find our right life partner. 
The focus and our purpose helped us to minimize our impact and we could achieve the 
desired outcomes and as we state that we actually have 15% revenue growth in FY2022 and 
31.4% in PAT growth which we believe are a good outcome in these situations. If you 
could exclude the losses we made in wedding services of Rs.9 Crores, the profit would have 
been Rs.61 Crorzs at the end of year. Considering our performance we belie,ve that the 
intrinsic value of matrimony.com is much higher than reported. We have also announced 
higher dividend and the share buyback, the details of which will be shared by Sushanth. 
However we believe that the growth moment of FY2022, the growth momentum will 
continue, it will continue to get better and in FY2022 we have done a lot of significant 
contribution in terms of business and offerings to our customers and to our stakeholders. 
Some of the key milestones for the year are as follows. We launched Jodii a new offering 
for people who are non-degree holders today we are offering the service in IO vernacular 
languages at an affordable price and that is a simple user interface and we launched a 
unique Acceptable Matches features to help members profile to be seen and contacted only 
by the relevant matches. 
Page 2 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, O022 
A launch of a video profile feature to help customers who want to go beyond words and 
picture to express themselves. The launch of Bangladesh operation and acquisition of 
ShaadiSaga scale of our present wedding services, we successfully integrated ShaadiSaga 
into wedding bazaar. Today Wedding Bazaar is India's largest wedding services 
marketplace with mandap.com and weddingbazaar.com we have more than one lakh vendor 
and we expect that growth momentum of wedding bazaar to further improve. 
So the· social initiative campaign what we launched along with M S Dhoni that is the Pehle 
• padhai phir shaadi, we are looking at helping the girls in Rajasthan to choose education over 
marriage that is• our social initiatives that we launched in FY2022, launched a new HRMS 
system partnering with people strong and migration to A WS to host our services which will 
help us to execute and scale faster. While this had some cost on operation on site but 
however in the long run which will help us to grow faster and also the depreciation in the 
coming years, will come down, but not in this year, but one or two year down the line. 
Let me come to the results in Q4. On a consolidated basis we achieved Rs.115. l Crores in 
billing which is 7. 9% year-on-year growth. Our revenue Rs.110.6 Crores which is a 9 .4 % 
year-on-year growth and for the full year we achieved Rs.434.4 Crores of billing which is a 
growth of 12.9%, revenue for the full year was Rs.434.5 Crores which is a good 15% 
growth. A key highlight for the matchmaking business are as follows. In Q4, the billing was 
Rs; 113 .2 Crores a growth of 6. 7% quarter-over-quarter and 6. 7% year-on-year. Revenue at 
Rs.109.1 Crores, a growth of 1.8% quarter-over-quarter and 8.4% year-on-year. 
For the full year, the billing were at Rs.430 Crores a growth of 12.2% revenue at Rs.430.4 
Crores a growth of 14.5%. We added a 2.34 lakh paid subscription during the quarter which 
was a growth of 8.8% quarter-over-quarter and 3.1% year-on-year. We added 8.9 lakh paid 
subscription during the year which was a growth of 6.8%. ATV for the matchmaking 
business increased 3.3% year-on-year, but declined 2% quarter-over-quarter, for the full 
year A TV increased by 5%. 
We continue to track the impact we create to our customers; we are happy to state that we 
have created around 24000 success stories in Q4 but taking a total of 104000 plus success 
stories for the year FY2022. Now coming to the marriage services business, revenue was 
Rs.1.5 Crores a growth of 209.5% year-on-year, the losses for the quarter was Rs.3.1 Crores 
compared to Rs.2.9 Crores in the previous quarter. For the full year revenue was Rs.4.1 
Crores a growth of 89.6% losses were at similar level ofFY2021 at Rs.9.6 Crores. 
On the billing revenue outlook for Q 1, on a consolidated basis we expect the growth 
momentum to continue with the billing revenue we expect to grow double digit growth on 
year-on-year basis. The growth momentum of wedding services will further increase, we 
expect the wedding services growth at a triple digit basis however the losses wiil be at a 
Page 3 of 16 

Sushanth Pai: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
N[ay 12, 2022 
similar level. Before I conclude I would like to thank all our customers, employees, 
investors, stakeholders and partners, regulator for the continuous support. Let me pass on to 
Sushanth to comment on the key profitability highlights. Sushanth over to you. 
Thanks Muruga. Our EBITDA margin for the matchmaking business in Q4 is at 22.7% as 
compared to 24.5% in Q3 and 23.4% a year ago. For the full year EBITDA margins for the 
matchmaking business was at 26% as compared to 23.9% in FY2021. Marketing expenses 
are at Rs.42.7 Crores as compared to Rs.41.6 Crores in Q3, marketing expenses for the full 
year was at Rs.161 Crores as compared to Rs.13 7 Crores in FY202 l. Excluding marketing 
expenses, our margins in the matchmaking business are very robust, it is at 63% in FY2022 
as compared to 60% in FY2021, this indicates operational efficiencies that have brought in 
this improvement and also due to increased revenue. 
On a consolidated basis our EBITDA margins in Q4 are at 18.1 % compared to 18.6% in Q3 
and 17.7% a year ago. For the full year, our EBITDA is at Rs.90 Crores which is 20.6% as 
compared to Rs.70.6 Crores in FY2021 which is 18.6% this is a good growth of 27.5%. Tax 
rate is at 25.8% for the quarter and 25.2% for the full year. PAT excluding Astro which is 
our associate company is at Rs.11.9 Crores an increase of 1.9% quarter-on-quarter and 
17.3% year-on-year. Share of loss from the Astro which is an associate company is Rs.16.8 
lakhs. PAT for the full year excluding Astro is Rs.54.4 Crores which is 12.4% PAT margin 
as compared to Rs.41.3 Crores which is 10.9% in FY2021 which is again a good growth of 
31.5%. 
Our free cash generation has been robust at Rs.17 Crores for the quarter and Rs.60 Crores 
for the year and a cash balance is at Rs.334 Crores. On the outlook for Q 1 margins given 
the salary increments in the range of 8% to 9% in Q 1 and increase in marketing expenses in 
newer areas we expect EBITDA and PAT to decrease slightly from the Q4 levels; however, 
this profitability will pick up from Q2 onwards. Other announcements in the quarter are as 
follows. The board of directors at its meeting held on May 12, 2022, which is today have 
recommended a final dividend of 100% which is five per equity share of par value of five 
each this is subject to the approval of the shareholders. 
Apart from this, the board of directors again subject to the approval of the shareholders has 
recommended the buyback of equity shares not exceeding Rs.75 Crores at an indicator 
maximum buyback price not exceeding Rs.1150. I would like to end with a customary safe 
harbor statement. Certain statements during this call could be forward-looking statements 
. on our business. These involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the 
actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. We do not 
undertake to update any such forward-looking statement that may be made from time to 
time by or on behalf of the company unless it is required by law. That ends our opening 
remarks. I would like to pass it on to Saurabh and Mike for opening the Q&A. 
Page 4 of 16 

Moderator: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May I? 2022 
Thank you Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Thanks .for the opportunity. Congrats Muruga on taking investors feedback so positively 
and announcing buyback and signaling to the market about our valuations and the belief in 
the business and the ability to create wealth for shareholders. Congratulations for that. A 
couple of questions from my end, are promoters going to participate in the current buyback? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Thank you very much and I appreciate your suggestions and the feedback and we definitely 
value all the investors and the feedback and in terms of the participation from the promoter 
side no, I am not participating. In fact three months ago I did buy shares from the open 
market because the chance to buy more, so because I truly believe in value of 
matrimony.com. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Really good to know. You are giving an opportunity for shareholders other than promoters 
to benefit even more that is actually a very good sign, really appreciate that. Couple of other 
questions, this quarter if I look at the billing rate it is up 8% on a year-on-year basis and on 
a sequential basis around 7.2% so just wondering am I missing something because we keep 
on reading about record weddings given unlock this summer season, wedding season is very 
high so in that context is revenue growth slightly lower than expected or is there some 
spillover in Q 1 if you could give some sense on the revenue side? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Thank you while we expected double growth in Q4 yes we had 8%. Weddings are different 
than the matchmaking because while the wedding services business continue to grow at a 
triple digit basis because I believe we are on a smaller base at this point of time. On the 
matchmaking side when the people find a life partner and when the people getting married 
at two different things normally it takes around nine months to one year for the people to 
find their life that is average tenure where people stay on our matrimony platform, so two 
different things, the wedding seasonality yes in a way that when more marriage happen that 
it will get the people to enroll into that that will contribute to the number of people coming 
into the matchmaking platform but both are too independent things, so the marriage taking 
place that is not correspondingly increase and revenue and other things in the same quarters 
but more number of marriages definitely no, because there are more publicities if we know 
they have got matrimony they definitely increases, more people will come into the platform 
but again they are. two independent things so that is what I want to share. In terms of Q l 
definitely we expect this year growth will be better than the growth what we had in the last 
year where last year growth on the matrimony 12.2, we do expect this year the growth will 
be better than the previous year, so are having new opportunities and we definitely see the 
momentum in the business, so we believe that the growth will be better yes. 
Page 5 of 16 

Prakash Kapadia: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Understood and lastly from my side ad spend seems slightly higher is it due to the slightly 
lower revenue growth we have seen or is it competitive intensity which is where it was or 
maybe some increase how do we look at that headline number? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We continue to invest on the marketing. In terms of our operation cost we move to A WS, 
but the A WS has pushed our operational cost because earlier we had a kind of service 
provider where we used to buy servers so that is more on that capex side, now we moved to 
A WS. The benefits of moving to A WS is in the long run we do not buy servers, so which 
will get this in our cost going down on the depreciation. I believe since the move to A WS 
there will be some increase in the operation cost and what the benefits are that we could 
able to execute parts that are able to move and drive things faster because rather than 
waiting for buying servers and putting a recurring process, in my view that we could have 
done this probably one or two years before as we are pretty late; however, finally we moved 
to a cloud platform. It gives you the flexibility in terms of how you can able to execute 
things and so that it is definitely useful for us, but yes from now on there will be some 
increase in the cost which already started from Q4 but in a couple of years down the line the 
benefits will start to come. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Shah: 
Understood. Thanks. I will join back the queue if I have more questions and congrats once 
again on taking these initiatives. I will join back the queue ifl have more questions. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line ofNilesh Shah from Envision Capital. 
Thank you for the opportunity and thank. you so much for announcing the buyback taking 
our feedback. I think it just reflects your confidence in being able to grow this business in 
the most capital efficient manner and if I have heard you correctly that the promoters are 
not going to be participating in this buyback which again reflects your respect for minority 
shareholders so I am taking this opportunity to convey my thanks for the wonderful 
decision taken and best wishes for the future as well. In terms of the business can we just 
kind of give some more light in terms of the wedding services business I think now the 
acquisition and the integration is probably more than now almost a year or probably a bit 
more than a year, can you give some more light in terms of how is that business shaping up 
in terms of some more qualitative detail, any milestones achieved or that we are likely to 
cross in the near future and how is that business shaping up please? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Good evening. Thank you very much appreciate your views and in terms of wedding 
services, we bought the company sometime in September, the integration just got over so it 
just happened in the month of April, we successfully integrated ShaadiSaga.com into 
Wedding Bazaar, today wedding bazaar has become India's largest wedding marketplace. 
We definitely see a good momentum in the business because ShaadiSaga has brought in lot 
of capabilities in terms of product, value delivery and some othƕr interesting things on the 
Page 6 of 16 

Nilesh Shah: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May _12, 2022 
product side as well as on the service side so with this we are now all set for wedding 
services business to grow to achieve our goal of achieving an Rs. I 00 Crores turnover in 
three years as we see the growth momentum has been picking up. We see that the growth 
business growing on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we are on a year-on-year basis definitely 
growth at a triple digit basis, when we done Q4 close to Rs.2 Crores and the business 
continued to grow. In terms of our integration just got over the put together listing wise we 
have more than I 00000 listing that makes us India largest wedding service marketplace and 
just integration have just got over, the business was bought only in the month of September 
and it took six months for us to integrate things to become a single entity, so ShaadiSaga 
does not exists and it is now integrated and the business will be operated under only one 
name on wedding services which is weddingbazaar.com. 
Just a follow-on question on that we have been kind of incurring a net loss of about Rs.3 
Crores every quarter on this business. Do you think that is still a number which will hold for 
a few more quarters or you think that it probably like start trending downwards? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: it will continue to operate at this level for next couple of quarters; however, when the 
business grows and obviously it is going to grow and plan is to be a I 00 Crore turnover in 
the next three years and we see that the growth is happening, the next couple of quarters the 
losses will be at a similar level but as the business improves the loss also come down, so 
hopefully maybe in a couple of years or a year down the line probably we hope we can able 
to get EBITDA break but again I do not want to be sure of that one, but we see that the 
traction and growth, in short term loss will be at a similar level. 
Nilesh Shah: 
I am. sure your hands are full now with both the matchmaking and the wedding services 
business, but any other adjacencies that we are beginning to explore or evaluate or that we 
have any plans in the near term or are currently we are occupied with both these two 
segments for now? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We continue to explore opportunities in the core matchmaking and the wedding services 
area, so as an organization we keep evaluating opportunity, keep exploring new avenues to 
drive growth, they continue to happen. 
Nilesh Shah: 
. Moderator: 
J;>ranav Kshatriya: 
Thank you so much and good luck for the year ahead. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pranav Kshatriya from Edelweiss . 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. Firstly can you comment a bit 
about how should we see the cost going forward specifically the employee cost and 
advertising cost, so the employee costs for most of the internet companies have seen a fair 
Page 7 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
bit of escalation, for matrimony the escalation is much lesser, so should we see bigger 
increase in employee cost in FY2023 and also on advertising cost how do you see FY2023 
advertisement panning out considering current competitive intensity and any comment on 
the competitive intensity? Thank you. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: In terms of employee cost probably maybe grow by 8% to 9%. We run a very efficient 
organization so we give that appraisal and some additions we feel that we could able to 
manage this cost. In terms of the marketing cost, we have continued to increase because we 
are seeing new opportunities and new avenues to drive growth; however, probably last year 
Rs. I 60 Crores definitely increase in marketing, but we do expect that we would invest 
behind the growth and as I said the growth this year would be better so that is yes employee 
cost and marketing has increased and in terms of competitive intensity with that reduces 
that definitely our marketing costs will also reduce in fact if not for that increased 
competitor marketing spends profit would have been probably may be Rs. I 00 Crores last 
year, last year we spent Rs. I 60 Crores on marketing, but we could have managed with 
Rs. I 00 Crores on marketing; however, we expect this to continue, but however as an 
organization we have to continue to grow, continue to widen the gap in our similar 
competitors and maybe in the future if the competition reduces probably those benefits 
come into our EBITDA so we continue to invest and run an efficient operations and it 
should be better. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
If I have to summarize you are saying that the competitive intensity has been largely stable 
and Rs. I 60 Crores odd what you spend on marketing will grow in line with the revenue 
assuming the competitive intensity remains, is that fair assessment? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:There is some increase in marketing depends on how the overall scenario, how we see the 
output for some of our initiatives, how the competitors are going to conduct themselves 
depends on various things, but we do see increase in marketing and however we do see that 
our growth will be better than the previous year. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Can you comment a bit on the growth, is it the market expansion or realization 
improvement or market share gains which of the levers you think is going to drive growth 
for this year? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:The combination we have continued to execute very well and continue to gain market share 
and continue to expand and working on new avenues to try growth and global expansion 
and our growth in our personal services, online services, so the combination of various 
factors _are driving the growth, we expect that broadly this will continue to get better and we 
see that definitely gaining our share from our competitors and we are growing. 
Page 8 of 16 

Pranav Kshatriya: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
.Can you highlight is the growth higher in certain geographies or let us say north market or 
west market or anything like that? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No south and east are very dominant markets of matrimony.com however we are actually 
leading player, number one player in west and north is the only market where you know we 
are fighting with other players there also we are seeing that the growth momentum so 
growth is across the market and not limited to any particular geography and however you 
see the north is where we have competition again north one part of our business so we 
continue with our strong dominance in the regions where we are with a strong reach and the 
strong dominance that is continuing and we are definitely gaining the share in other areas as 
well and yes the growth is not limited to any particular region it is across the region. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Moderator: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Thank you so much for the answers. 
· · Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Just reconciling from the last few analyst calls we have been participating in and we have 
been basically trying to inch towards like a quarterly revenue run rate of close to Rs. 120 
Crores to Rs. 125 Crores odd which basically means like a revenue top line ofRs.500 Crores 
on a run rate basis and currently we are at 1 10 as we speak in this particular quarter so I just 
wanted to understand like, is there a timeline we have in our mind for that and are we in our 
own expectations at par with that timeline or there are some challenges in the market which 
make us maybe a step behind our own internal benchmark on that particular number and if 
you could highlight the challenges if there are any that will be great to understand. 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Thank you. In terms of the billing we look at the billing, the billing of the quarter was 
Rs. 1 15 Crores, so it is just another Rs.IO Crores we get into Rs.500 Crores run rate, we 
definitely sometime this year probably maybe a second quarter or possibly I do not know 
may get into that kind of run rate so if not Q2 may be Q3 but yes almost there it is a matter 
of time you will be getting into Rs.500 Crores run rate, the goal is to be once you reach the 
Rs.500 Crores run rate the next big milestone for us to become a 1000 Crores company so 
hopefully we have been able to get there in probably three to four years. 
Sonai Minhas: 
I understand and from a competitive intensity perspective like just want to understand given 
how the liquidity is getting out of the market, are you seeing like signs of marketing 
tapering buyer competition in the last two months or anything subjective around there that 
inakes you believe that the marketing intensities should taper or should stagnate at these 
levels? 
Page 9 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We are not seeing any significant reduction in the marketing, because the other players have 
deep pockets and they can invest as much and as long as they want and the other players 
that they will also continue to invest so at this point of time we are not seeing any 
slowdown but you have to wait and see if at all anything; however, we are well placed and 
so if the competitive intensity reduces that means we can save some in the marketing, so we 
will not be spending the similar level on marketing however as I said we have the growth 
ideas, growth initiatives and we continue with our initiative we expect that the growth 
increases and the revenue increases we see that our EBITDA margin also going to increase. 
The competitive intensity reduction means the EBITDA margin further moving up, I do not 
know whether it is going to happen this year or next year, but that is something very 
difficult to see at this point of time. 
Sonal Minhas: 
If I can ask another question which is related can I? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
On the topline growth I just want to understand if you could give a ballpark or split the 
numbers between your new geographies and your existing geographies with the south 
Indian market where you are dominant like what are the growth rates you are seeing in new 
geographies versus the south Indian market, if you could just maybe highlight some 
subjective or numerical data on that that will help understand the split, how are you growing 
in the existing and the new geographies? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: South we are dominant players and we are a number one player in the west, the only market 
where we are fighting with other players is north market so for competitive reasons we are 
not going to give break up however we have been growing across the markets not limited to 
any particular geography so we do not want to do the breakup of region wise growth 
enough. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay, but you are happy with the growth in your existing markets where your dominant 
player I think that is what I want to ... 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Definitely that is a very, very strong market for us and we have strong network and strong 
reach. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Moderator: 
That is from my side. I will come back in the queue. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vivekanand Subraman from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 10 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
Jl!ay 12, 2022 
Vivekanand Subraman: Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. One is on the billing 
growth in the matchmaking services business, we have seen that in the year there has been a 
moderation of growth of billing and we have managed to deliver a good billing growth for 
the full fiscal year around 12.2%, but as we close the year this billing growth was lower, so 
Muruga how should we think about the growth for billing and why is the industry billing 
not growing despite as you yourself said Rs. 160 Crores of advertising you could have very 
well delivered this growth with Rs. 100 Crores of advertising so you are spending Rs.60 
Crores more right as an investment for growth, why is the segment on the whole not 
growing as fast as some of the other tech businesses that is question one. The second 
question is on Jodii which is across the Indian languages you have launched this app, how is 
the sign-up rates and the experience and by when do you think this will start contributing 
meaningfully to your overall revenue or at least in terms of the paid transaction and 
Sushanthjust to.understand the paid transactions better, does this also include contributions 
from Jodii in the matchmaking segment? Thank you. Those are my questions. 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Thank you Vivekanand. In terms of the growth I said we expect output definitely the 
growth for matchmaking this year will be better than FY2022, so we continue to take steps, 
there is expansion, new initiatives, continue to drive the core matchmaking business 
growing at a better rate so we definitely see that this year growth will be better. In terms of 
the Jodii, it is very new only six months, we definitely see some traction again, this is at a 
very, very early stage, so we cannot give any break up of Jodii as I told it is just six months 
old, it is still in the early stages . We see some traction but really nothing to comment on 
Jodii as it is a very new initiative even other languages just launched recently, it was 
coming for almost four, five months, we rolled out other languages in the last couple of 
months so we also sort of invested in it, it is too early to tell about Jodii 
Vivekanand Subraman: If we dwell a little bit deeper into the outlook that we mentioned, are you suggesting that 
the outlook for growth should be better than the full year fiscal 2022 or are you suggesting 
that the billing growth should be better than what we saw in FY2022 I am not very clear on 
this? 
· Murugavel Janakiraman: Basically what I meant was the growth for FY2023 what you see on matchmaking will be 
better than the FY2022 growth, FY2022 the growth on matchmaking was at 1 2% are 
billing, we expect the growth for this year matchmaking better than the FY2022 for the full 
year. 
Vivekanand Subraman: Okay, the question that I have here is that considering that the last few quarters we have 
been. growing matchmaking billing at 6. l % and 6. 7% now what gives you the confidence 
that this billing growth can accelerate to beyond 12% which is the number that you aspire to 
achieve? 
Page 1 1 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Just one thing that we have almost like we just concluded the migration to AWS has 
happened in the month of April, so we are sort of last one year we were pretty much 
focused on the successful migration. We are in a way constrained by our ability to execute 
some on the technology products. Now the migration has happened we would be able to 
execute some of the initiatives, we already started doing it, we are seeing some traction, 
plus the steps we had taken in terms of geography expansion, business expansions, other 
steps we have taken some of the things what we have done in the last year, all those things 
started yielding In customer services we are seeing more traction so the combination of the 
steps what we have taken and the steps what we are taking and all the things give that 
confidence again I am just talking about we are on a mid May, the growth what we have 
seen up to May we are on a growth, so all the things we see clearly that the growth will be 
better, it is a combination of steps what we have taken and what I mentioned in terms of the 
abilities could possibly be better in terms of consumer cloud platform so new businesses 
and other things. 
Vivekanand Subraman: Last question from my side is on the cash balance that we want to be comfortable with 
because what we have announced a fairly large buyback, until last year we were not 
returning as much cash as we are planning to do with this buyback so I am just trying to 
understand is this something that you have done purely because you believe that business is 
very, very undervalued or is this a buyback that you would want to do practically every year 
as a discipline to return a certain amount of cash to investors? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Definitely it is very much under valued even at the price what I am offering I do believe it, 
it is a very much undervalued, as a leader in this space, 60% ;market share, it is a very cash 
efficient business and the cash generating business and stability and growing consistently 
no matter of the underlying economy, no matter whatever the situation, we have been very 
stable and grow; however, the growth would have been better but however we are taking 
steps and we expect the growth momentum to get better and further pickup from here 
onwards, so definitely it is a very much under valued so that is one thing. In terms of 
whether it is going to be on annual basis that board will decide from time to time I do not 
think it will be on yearly basis, Sushanth, anything you want to comment upon? 
Sushanth Pai: 
Just to add on this as you know we are cash generating company right, and if you see last 
year or even this quarter we have generated Rs.17 Crores of cash and last year about Rs.60 
Crores so much of it will come back within the year itself, so therefore obviously one which 
Muruga said is a signaling. Second, we are also comfortable with what we have declared it 
is not that we were under any pressure to declare any sort of buyback or anything like that 
we believe it is a comfortable thing, it is a good way to protect shareholders and as you 
know there are only very few methods to give in terms of either dividend or buyback we 
have also increased the dividend slightly from 70% to about l 00% and payout ratio is 
Page 12 of 16 

Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, S022 
approximately 20%. I think combination of all this and what we want to do next year 
obviously depends on how the plan goes, how our performance goes and accordingly the 
board will decide. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: There are multiple ways to deploy cash and we will continue to look at various ways to 
deploy cash, this year the board has declared the dividend plus buy back maybe something 
else also that depends on the opportunity, it depends on how do you want to deploy the 
cash, there are multiple ways to deploy the cash, but we continue to look at the ways and we 
increase our shareholders value. 
Vivekanand Subraman: Okay and Sushanth just one bookkeeping question that I forgot to ask. What is the cash and 
cash equivalents balance that we have as on March 3 1, 2022? 
Sushanth Pai: 
Rs.334 Crores. 
Vivekanand Subraman: Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Sameer Pardikar: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sameer Pardikar from ICICI Direct. 
Please go ahead. 
I think we have informed about intention of our selling of our Chennai land so what is the 
progress on the thing and how much value we expect to realize on this sale and what are our 
plans to use this proceeds for? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: What is the first question? 
. Sameer Pardikar: 
What is the progress from the sale of the land in Chennai? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Progress? 
Sameer Pardikar: 
Sushanth Pai: 
Sameer Pardikar: 
Progress on the sale of the land in Chennai? 
Progress on the land, so shareholders special -resolution has just been passed so the board 
has taken on record such resolution. What we intend to do is we want to follow a very 
professional process for this whole thing, so few things we will do. One, the board will 
forma small committee to overlook this whole process. Second, we will also do a fair value 
of the land by an independent registered valuer. The board has also decided that it will not 
sell the land_ below the cost price whatever the cost prices, so it will be basically higher of 
the cost price or the fair value whichever is higher is what the board will decide to do. 
And what is the plan. 
Page 13 of 16 

Sushanth Pai: 
Sameer Pardikar: 
Sushanth Pai: 
Sameer Pardikar: 
Moderator: 
Nagesh Rajanna: 
Sushanth Pai: 
Nagesh Rajanna: 
Sushanth Pai: 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 202P 
Fourth thing is that we will sell to parties who are not related parties in nature. 
What are our plans to utilize this proceeds for once we realize the value from the land? 
So whatever value we get it from the land will be used for advertising expenses. 
Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line ofNagesh Rajanna from NR's Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Very good evening and thanks for the opportunity and I have been strong believer of your 
business for a very, very long time and I am very .happy the way the business has been 
progressing consistently. I have a couple of requests before I ask a question. To begin with I 
have a request that if you could also start sharing quarterly presentation with the business 
updates and also the future outlook I think that should help investors like me and probably 
all that is the suggestion and the request. Coming back to my question I think there has been 
a lot of discussion around the growth and I clearly see the concern amongst everyone and it 
is true for me as well, so is there a way you could actually share a slightly broader picture 
for. the next three to five years in terms of what is your vision and what are the kind of 
strategic initiatives, what are the grow drivers which one has been exploring, is it possible 
for you to share a broader larger picture of the business? 
On the presentation we do a quarterly presentation on the highlights of the results and what 
we think about the business also along with the background of the company and everything. 
It is uploaded on our website after every quarter so you can also refer to that as well. 
I do not see the same on the BSE or on any other site, so probably I have been missing it 
out? 
Sure, we will check about that. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: In· terms of growth on the matchmaking, there are three levers so I think it is all very 
fundamental to the nature of the business. One is that getting more number of people to sign 
up which is the top of the order and next is converting a number to free members into paid 
members and finally is the transaction value. We continue to figure out way to work on 
wayƖ to drive all the three things, so increasing the number to sign up on the other services 
and continue to work on the conversion percentage and continue to drive the average 
transaction value for the right customer at the right price that has been a broad strategy for 
us and again while this has been a broad strategy and there are so many underlying studies 
around these broad strategies so what are the steps that we are taking to get more numbers 
Page 14 of 16 

Nagesh Rajanna: 
Matrimony.com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
to sign up, so that is one of the things and again in terms of conversion is the combination 
of product and the sales and the various other strategies that has happened on regular basis 
to get more number to go from free to paid membership and improve the transaction value. 
The combination of people taking online services personal services and also to get the 
member to choose the right product at the right price. I want to thank you being a strong 
believer of Matrimony service definitely we are thankful for that. It is definitely a big 
business, it is one of the business with a very limited cash requirement and immense 
potential. We continue to work on our various categories and on our ways to get all these 
three areas to get better, whether be it the geographic expansion, expansion in Bangladesh, 
new business Jodii. Last year we announced some of the initiatives like new offerings also 
launched and we will continue to look at the various ways to expand our offerings and the 
various ways to drive the conversion so again there is a broad strategy or sub-strategy, we 
do not want to get into too much detail on those things, but instead it sums it up in terms of 
how we are looking at growth and what are the levers to drive the growth as well. 
I appreciate that and thanks for that. Somewhere you also mentioned about Rs. I 000 Crores 
vision, you have a vision statement when do you see ourselves striking that Rs. I 000 Crores 
plus revenue, is there a kind of a road map for the business? 
Murugavel Janaldraman: This year we will cross Rs.500 Crores billing and we hope that we can increase the run rate 
probably sometime may be in the coming quarters, but definitely this year the company will 
cross Rs.500 Crores growth in billing. In terms of Rs.1000 Crores probably, maybe around 
four years or so possibly between four to five years, possibly maybe depends on how when 
you are able to drive things, so yes Rs. I 000 Crores plan is pretty much one of the things 
what we are driving and out of that we expect wedding services to contribute 100 Crores so 
at the enterprise level we want to be a 1000 Crores company and matchmaking contributing 
Rs.900 Crores, wedding services contributing Rs. l 00 Crores, today matchmaking is Rs.430 
Crores so hopefully next four years or so we expect matchmaking to probably become a 
sort of Rs.900 Crores hopefully. We are ambitious maybe four years or five years, but 
definitely once we touch Rs.500 Crores the next big milestone is 1000 Crores for the 
company. 
Nagesh Rajanna: 
The current business model in itself should take us to close to Rs.750 Crores by FY2025 
organically even if one has to look at a CAGR of IS% plus and if you have plans of 
bringing in another inorganic around Rs.200 Crores to Rs.250 Crores that should be good so 
take us to Rs. I 000 Crores plus? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:We did inorganic, now we are looking organically to have growth okay. We are not talking 
about the growth, we are talking driving organically, so we are not even talking about 
inorganic growth. 
Page 15 of 16 

Nagesh Rajanna: 
Wish you all the best. Thanks. 
Matrimony. com Limited 
May 12, 2022 
Murugavel Janakiraman:We want to drive it aggressively, you want accelerate the growth momentum I think we 
believe that we are getting there. 
Nagesh Rajanna: 
Please do, I think we are new age company and I think it is very important for us to be at 
least 2x to 3x of GDP growth year-on-year. 
Murugavel Janakiraman:I agree with you. 
Nagesh Rajanna: 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Thank you. We do not have any further questions. I would now like to hand it over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Murugavel Janakiraman:Thank you very much and appreciate your interest in matrimony.com and thank you for 
your continued support and we look forward to stay in touch. If you have any specific 
question anything we will be happy to take it individually. Thanks you so much. 
Sushanth Pai: 
Moderator: 
Thank you everyone. Look forward to speaking with you in the coming days. If you have 
any questions please feel free to write to us and thank you Saurabh as well. 
Thank you everyone. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
Vijayanand S 
Company Secretary 
Matrimony.com Ltd. 
No: 94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower 2, 5th Floor, 
MRC Nagar, RajaAnnamalaipuram, Chennai- 600028, Tamil Nadu, India. 
Phone: 044-49001919, 
Email: investors@.matrimony.com, 
CIN: L630901N2001PLC047432 
Page 16 of 16 
