POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
Polycab House, 771 Mogul Lane, Mahim (W), Mumbai – 400016 
CIN: L31300GJ1996PLC114183 
Tel : +91 22 2432 7070-74  Fax : +91 22 2432 7075   
Email: shares@polycab.com Website: www.polycab.com 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                          Registered  Office: 
 
 
             Unit No.4, Plot No.105, Halol Vadodara Road, 
 
 
Village Nurpura, Taluka Halol, Panchmahal, Gujarat-389350             
 
 
 
Tel : 2676- 227600 / 227700 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: May 18, 2022 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 542652 Scrip Symbol: Polycab 
ISIN:- INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub:  Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 11, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on May 11, 2022. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
__________________________ 
Manita Carmen A Gonsalves 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A18321 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. INDER JAISINGHANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. GANDHARV TONGIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - POLYCAB 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. CHINTAN JAJAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS - POLYCAB 
INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q4 FY2022 
earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia. Thank you, and over to 
you Sir! 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope you all 
are staying healthy and safe. I am Gandharv Tongia, CFO at Polycab India Limited. 
 
On this call, we shall discuss the Q4 FY2022 results which were approved in the board 
meeting held yesterday. We will be referring to the earnings presentation, financial results 
and financial statements which are available on the stock exchanges as well as investor 
relations page of our website. It can also be downloaded through the link or QR code on 
slide 9 of earnings presentation. 
 
Joining me today from the management team, we have our Chairman and Managing 
Director – Mr. Inder Jaisinghani and Mr. Chintan Jajal – Head Investor Relations on the 
conference call. 
 
Let me now turn the call over to Inder bhai for his comments. 
Inder Jaisinghani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Our strong performance in fiscal year 2022 was underpinned 
by the extraordinary efforts of our team to achieve new milestones even in one of the 
most uncertain environments. We delivered accelerated business growth, record free cash 
flow, healthy returns on capital and market-leading shareholder returns. We will champion 
our renewed purpose of innovating for a brighter living. Our “i-POWER” values will guide 
our thoughts and actions which will help us create long term sustainable value for all 
stakeholders and enrich the lives of everyone connected with Polycab.  
 
I now request Gandharv to take you through our earnings presentation. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you Inder bhai. I think overall business environment has remained quite supportive 
in Q4 despite the sharp inflation. Demand across most segments remained healthy. Macro 
indicators such as GST collections, e-way bills are at new highs while other indicator like 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
IIP, core industries index, consumer sentiment index amongst other are trending up. 
Government initiatives and reforms are certainly helping and even capacity utilization 
across most private industries are at good levels. Fresh capex announcements are at multi-
decade high. Push towards transitioning to a renewable energy driven ecosystem globally 
is like never seen before. 
 
All of these are obviously good signs of an initiation of a long capital investment cycle 
which bodes well for our business. On the contrary, inflation is now perhaps one major risk 
to the improving demand environment. While we do not anticipate it to be any more 
challenging in B2B segment, we will remain watchful of consumer sentiment and how it 
plays out for B2C categories. 
 
One key question raised by many is that copper and aluminum prices have gone so high, 
wont it affect the demand for wires and cables. Generally what we have seen is that, first, 
the macros are broadly favorable. Secondly, inflation is quite broad based, many industries 
are seeing stronger balance sheets. For eg. given the higher crude oil prices many projects 
in Oil & Gas globally have revived. Similarly, many sectors like metals have benefited. 
Lastly but most importantly quality of wires and cables is paramount for health and safety 
and hence our customer segment which is largely mid or premium, do not want to risk it. 
Nevertheless, Cognizant of these challenges, we remain agile through our portfolio and go 
to market interventions. That gives us confidence to drive industry leading growth. 
 
Before we move onto presentation and financial review, I would again like to highlight that 
the P&L and segment numbers for current and prior comparable periods are restated due 
to divestment of Ryker Base in accordance with the applicable Indian accounting standard. 
All related gains and expenses on divestment are reported under Profit from Discontinued 
Operations as seen on face of P&L in consolidated financial statements. This along with 
few exceptional items of last year are also presented in Slide 10 of this presentation. 
 
Moving onto slide 4. For the quarter ended 31 March 2022, our consolidated revenue 
grew by 35% YoY on the back of healthy demand environment despite sharp inflation, 
coupled with strong execution by our team. It is yet another quarter of highest quarterly 
sales we have ever recorded. As we have been highlighting earlier one key focus area 
remains improving profitability progressively. Even though most of our key inputs remain 
quite elevated I am happy to share that EBITDA margins improved sequentially by about 
125bps touching 12%, led by better operating leverage and price hikes. Other expenses 
and other income as % of sales were lower while finance costs were broadly stable. A 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
detailed break-up of our Other Income and Finance Costs have been provided on Slide 13 
of our earnings presentation. Our Profit Before Tax at Rs 4.3 billion increased by 17% while 
Adjusted Profit After Tax at Rs 3.2 billion increased by 20% YoY, respectively.  
 
On slide 5, for the full year ended 31st March 2022, our revenue grew strongly by 39% YoY 
despite the two waves of pandemic and unprecedented inflation. EBITDA was up by 14% 
with 10.3% margin. Adjusted PAT also grew by 14 YoY. It was a year full of challenges, but 
we achieved several significant milestones. Our overall top-line surpassed Rs 120 bn 
clocking 17% CAGR in last 5 years. Exports is inching towards becoming a sustainable Rs 10 
bn business. Polycab is the largest exporter of cables and wires in India. FMEG is now a Rs 
12 bn franchise. The business also churned out healthy cash flow with negligible debt 
levels.  
 
Moving onto segments on slide 6. Our Wires and Cables revenue grew by 39% YoY despite 
a relatively healthier base. Demand environment continued to remain encouraging which 
led to healthy volume growth. Domestic distribution driven business continued to see 
strong traction. However, institutional business was subdued compared to last quarter. 
Housing wires posted strong growth led by continued momentum in real estate and 
renovation activities as well as our demand generation initiatives. A new sub brand “Etira” 
was launched in the economy price segment. Trade sentiment in Cables was temporarily 
restrained by significant volatility in Aluminum prices which touched nearly 4000 $/ MT 
before correcting sharply. Exports business grew by nearly 100% YoY. Excluding a large 
customer, the growth was slightly better, led by strong demand from sectors like Oil & 
Gas, Renewables and Infrastructure. Overall, Exports business was 7.6% of consolidated 
revenue in FY22. Our telecom business saw good traction. Towards the year end, Polycab 
was on-boarded by Tamil Nadu FibreNet Corporation Ltd. or TANFINET as a Master System 
Integrator to implement the BharatNet Phase-II project and provide end-to-end 
connectivity with high-speed bandwidth using Optical Fibre Cables in over 3,000 Gram 
Panchayats in 75 blocks across 9 districts of the state, at a cost of about Rs 5 bn under the 
Master Service Agreement. The revenue of this project will be accrued as per execution 
timelines over the next few years. 
 
Wires and Cables Segment margins continued to improve sequentially led by judicious 
price hikes and improved operating leverage. During the quarter, inflation in our raw 
material basket as well as price hikes were in mid single digits. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
On slide 7. Our FMEG business grew 9% YoY and 11% on a sequential basis. Overall 
demand momentum in Q4 was albeit subdued largely attributable to broader inflation. 
The business also underwent realignment exercise to improve sales force efficacy and 
achieve distribution synergies which temporarily hampered growth. Fans, lights and 
switchgears business posted healthy growth while Conduit Pipes continued the strong 
momentum. Switches saw a decline due to supply challenges. Given the prolonged 
challenges in switches, we are now transitioning to inhouse manufacturing which is 
ongoing and likely to be completed in the current fiscal. The new state of the art facility in 
Daman will help us improve product availability, drive innovation and reduce go to market 
time thereby improving our market presence significantly. Solar business was muted 
however for the full year it achieved over 50% YoY growth. Profitability improved on a 
sequential basis but was much lower than last year and our expectations, largely on 
account of higher advertisement and publicity, staff cost and input cost pressures. 
However, we are committed to achieving 12% annualized EBITDA margin in this business 
by FY26. 
 
On slide 8, Other’s segment which largely comprises of our strategic EPC business, 
witnessed a  8% YoY increase in revenue to Rs  827mn. EBIT stood at Rs 122mn, down 16% 
on YoY basis.  
 
On to balance sheet side our Financial Position remains quite strong. Net cash position 
stood at Rs 11.0 bn up from Rs 9.6 bn same period last year. Debt to equity is merely 
0.01x. Our efforts to optimize working capital is taking shape. We are seeing good 
optimisation of receivables as well as inventory.  
 
I would also like to highlight that towards the end of the year we made a large one-off 
investment for buying office space in Mumbai. As we move forward in our growth journey, 
our teams are expanding, however the current head office building has limited space to 
accommodate everyone in near future. At the same time, we are also mindful of one other 
important element that is - having adequate open spaces for cross functional collaboration 
and create an inclusive workplace. Hence, we invested about Rs 2bn to acquire around 
55,000 sq ft. of office space in Mumbai, very close to our existing head office. A part of this 
cost will be compensated by monetisation of existing office in Mahim. We are quite 
excited to move to our new head office, hopefully by Q3 of current fiscal year. This cost is 
reflected in Q4 and full year CAPEX number.  

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
In the meeting yesterday, the Board has recommended for the payment of Final Dividend 
of Rs.14 per equity share, for the year ended 31 March 2022, subject to the approval of 
the shareholders. Our dividend pay-out ratio on standalone profit will sequentially 
improve further to about 23% in FY22. 
 
Moving on to the exciting stuff ie. Project Leap - our flagship transformation project.  
 
Just to recap for everyone, Project Leap is a multiyear program that includes a range of 
strategic themes and initiatives focused on growth, profitability and long-term capability 
building for the organization across B2B and B2C businesses with a goal of achieving 
greater than Rs.200 billion or Rs.20,000 Crores sales by FY 2026. We have partnered with 
global management consulting firm BCG who will help us drive this transformation. It’s 
been one year in this journey and we have made significant strides towards our vision. In 
this first year we primarily worked on 4 key areas ie. Setup of right organization enablers, 
Customer centricity, Go – To – Market and Product portfolio optimisation. 
 
Delving deeper in the first ie.  Setup of right organization enablers. With in this the major 
initiative was setting up the right organization structure and fill critical capability gaps 
across the departments like manufacturing, procurement, supply chain, digital and IT and 
across the businesses including B2B, Fans, Lights and Retail wires. >90% of talent 
acquisition for critical roles was completed in FY22 while the balance will be done in 
coming quarters. Performance measures, Rewards & Recognition we aligned to the growth 
strategy and cascaded through all levels of teams. New transformation management office 
was setup to strengthen governance and most importantly monitor the implementation of 
various initiatives because we believe, we have an ambitious vision for our organisation, 
we also have the enablers, so execution has to be sublime.  
 
Second area is Customer centricity. During the past year we redesigned the operating 
model of B2B businesses. The new model was implemented in pilot states and showed 
tremendous opportunity for growth. Accordingly we took a bold structural move to merge 
Heavy Duty & Light Duty Cables verticals in order to unlock latent value through cross 
selling opportunities and operational efficiencies. Given the significant distribution and 
geographical overlap, this initiative will materially improve customer servicing as most of 
their B2B wires and cables requirements will be addressed by single point of contact. 
Combined portfolio selling will drive faster business growth. Optimization of team 
structure and joint back-office operations will also enable faster roll out of GTM initiatives 
while establishing a leaner cost base. Marketing and influencer management platforms 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
will be streamlined to increase efficacy. The new structure also includes key account 
management or KAM to enable selling of full product portfolio and bring in more customer 
focus. We designed and piloted unique structured influencer management to support our 
B2B business.  
 
Third area is Go – To – Market. I have talked about this earlier. As you maybe aware we 
put in lot of efforts to build presence in Semi Urban & Rural India. Post successful pilot 
projects in select rural markets, we took several initiatives to build the right infrastructure, 
portfolio and team to leverage the immense demand potential of semi urban and rural 
India. We created a new business vertical called “Emerging India” focusing on building 
presence in towns with up to 2 lakh population. Distribution architecture was designed 
post detailed mapping and evaluation these geographies. Product portfolio is being 
calibrated to address specific needs of consumers while offering innovative products at 
economical price points. Another area where we really worked hard on is building 
presence in Alternate channels like ecommerce, modern trade, canteen department stores 
etc. Currently over 600 Polycab products are available on all leading ecommerce portals 
like Amazon, Flipkart, JioMart and Moglix. We believe these two new sales channel 
verticals will act as additional levers of growth for our B2C businesses.  
 
Core distribution expansion was driven by rigorous execution using digital tools and 
structured playbooks. We fast-tracked expansion clocking nearly 2x increase in direct 
towns coverage. Our authorised dealers and distributors increased from over 4,100 last 
year to over 4,600 now. Retail outlet reach increased by nearly 25% over last year to about 
2,00,5000 outlets now. We also successfully piloted End to End digitization of front-end 
sales. It is currently being rolled out in phased manner. 
 
Lastly, we are trying to create a winning portfolio of products which are innovative and 
resonate with consumer needs. Towards the end of FY22 we launched new sub brand 
“Etira” which will play pivotal role in economy price segments as well as enable our 
expansion into emerging India clusters. Currently we have launched Etira housing wires, 
which has seen strong response.  We will extend this brand to other categories 
progressively. Overall we have built a robust portfolio roadmap for next 3-4 years across 
large businesses. This will ensure we are present in segments which are growing faster and 
are margin accretive. NPD or new product development councils have been setup across 
businesses for structured review and governance of innovation initiatives. We also saw 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
healthy progress in premiumization journey. For eg. Premium products now contribute 
16% to overall FMEG business which was just 7% last year.  
 
So that was broadly on FY22. Going ahead we have chalked out some key focus areas for 
next year. One is improving Customer centricity through enhancing visibility and control of 
secondary sales by significantly improving our understanding of end users and influencers. 
Secondly, we will aim tirelessly on executing the NPD roadmap to drive market share gains 
as well as premiumisation. Third, again, Go-To-Market where we aim to digitize the entire 
distribution ecosystem. Lastly, emphasize on Governance, where we will monitor progress 
towards clearly defined growth and profitability drivers for all building blocks. 
 
So that’s about it on Leap. We will continue to share periodic updates and we are excited 
to see how the coming year pans out. While there could be challenges like inflation, 
pandemic amongst others, we are confident of our strategy which will enable us to grow 
disproportionately.  
 
Thank you for patiently hearing us out. With that I hand over the call to Operator for Q&A  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Naval Seth from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Naval Seth: 
Thank you and congratulations Gandharv for stellar performance. Few questions, first, can 
you outline what was the value and volume mix for Q4 and FY2022 for cable and wires and 
FMEG? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks, Naval, thanks a lot for your compliment. If I talk about cable and wire, we can 
broadly say that around 25% of the total growth can be attributed to volume and balance 
for value and in FMEG it will be vary from product category to product category, but it 
would have similar trend there as well. 
Naval Seth: 
Okay, second on your Project LEAP as you stated that in terms of your dealer distributor 
expansion of 12% odd and retail have climbed by 24%-25%, now I see that the major 
increase has come in Q4 because your corporate presentation of January suggest the same 
number of 4100, and 1,65,000 and now it has expanded and during the same period your 
market share has also improved by 200 basis points, so now as you have outlined your 
strategy very clearly, can you also share what is the aspirational market share you want to 
reach with the kind of aggression you are outlining in Project LEAP? 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Gandharv Tongia: 
The first one on the data point, these data points generally we revise on annual basis, the 
presentation you are referring to, December, probably had March’21 data point and will 
continue to revise these data points on annual basis. As far as aspiration is concerned, 
Naval you know our history. Inder bhai forayed into this business almost five decades back 
we were no one in cable industry, we got to number one position in cable. Wires, we 
started in 1996, we are number one. We enjoy almost 24% of market share of organized 
market and as we go along, we want to outpace the industry and our peers and grow in 
disproportionate manner. As part of Project Leap broadly we are targeting Rs. 20,000 
Crores of topline over the period five years, last year in FY2021 we exited close to Rs. 
9,000 Crores of topline in the first-year project leap we have already crossed Rs. 12,000 
Crores, so it seems that we would be able to achieve Rs. 20,000 Crores of topline under 
Project Leap.  
Naval Seth: 
So, is it fair to assume 200 basis points kind of a number market share improvement year-
on-year at least in this Project LEAP period? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I can talk about the past, this year FY2022 we have achieved or we would have gained at 
least 200 basis point of additional market share. Our aspiration in LEAP is to enjoy our 
leadership position and further enhance it and even for FMEG the aspiration is similar that 
slowly and gradually we should get into top five market players, than to top three, and 
eventually in few select product categories move upwards even from top three to further 
north. 
Naval Seth: 
Last two things, one is clarification that volume value mix you stated was for FY2022, is 
that correct? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes. 
Naval Seth: 
Okay and lastly, can you provide some color capex spends for FY2023? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Historically, we have incurred around Rs. 300 Crores – Rs. 350 Crores every year. Exception 
was last year where we incurred Rs. 300 Crores for regular capex and Rs. 200 Crores for a 
new office which I alluded to in the opening remarks. As we go along, I think a number 
between Rs. 300 Crores - Rs. 350 Crores is a sustainable capex number. Having said that in 
year two of project LEAP, we would explore what we need to do differently, for example, 
getting into additional product category or further building on M&A initiatives, so 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
excluding these two, because they are still under studying stage, a number of Rs. 300 
Crores - Rs. 350 Crores is what we should factor in for FY2023 as far as capex is concerned.  
Naval Seth: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital 
Advisors Limited. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Good afternoon and congrats on a very good set of number, if you can give a breakup for 
wires and cables business in terms of ratio of how much is cables and how much is wires if 
you can give that break up in detail? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, thanks Ravi for your compliment. Cable and wire broadly I would believe that we 
around in early 50s as far as cable is concerned and the balance is wire, in total basis if I 
give you a breakup of entire Rs. 12,000 Crores of topline around 58%-60% would be B2B 
and around 40% give and take, 1% or 2% point would be B2C. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
For use B2C, okay and majority of 40% the wire? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Around 10% of our topline is FMEG which is fan, lights and other products and balance is 
wires. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay and any difference in strategy between the growth in cables and wires I mean does 
that do we aim for higher growth in wires, switches, cables or vice versa any view on that 
because wires I believe can be better margin product than cables, so just wanted your 
view on that? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Absolutely, your understanding is absolutely correct, wires are more profitable because 
they are B2C product whereas traditional cables are B2B where the profit margins are 
comparatively less than wires. As I had mentioned to Naval a while back, objective is to get 
to number one position in all the product categories and then significantly expand our 
presence and enhance our positioning. Though wire is more profitable, I do not think the 
strategy is that we would like just concentrate in wire, we are looking for more holistic 
picture wherein we want to go for growth across all the product categories where we are 
present. Inderbhai believes that if you are in a product category you should be the number 
one, if you do not want to be number one, you should not be there in the product 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
category and that is the guiding principle for which we are trying to follow across all the 
business segments where we operate.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir and the kind of volumes growth that we envisage over the next one year or two 
years in the wires and cables segment. What would be the target that we will be having, 
any sense on that? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I can give you directional thought process, will not be able to give a number, you can safely 
assume that we are going to grow significantly higher than the industry growth. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir and my final question is with respect to the FMEG business, can you give the 
revenue break up for the Rs 1250 Crores in terms of fans, lighting, pumps, etc.? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes absolutely, so fan would be around 1/3rd of our topline of FMEG and switch and switch 
gear would be around 15%, light and lum would be around 15% and then there would be 
other small business categories.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies India. 
Please go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of number, my first 
question is regarding the price hikes, would you be able to elaborate what is the quantum 
of price hikes that we have seen in FY2022 and particularly in Q4 and also any price hikes 
that we have taken from April 1 onwards? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks Sonali for your compliment. If we talk about Q4, at the raw material product 
basket level, we witnessed inflation in mid-single digit and, more or less, the price hikes 
we have taken is in similar range and that is where you can see the contribution margin of 
March quarter is comparable with December quarter, so we have been able to pass almost 
all the input cost increases to our end customer in the current quarter. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir and cumulative FY2022 and from April 1? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
The business model is that we try to re-calibrate our prices on a monthly rest after 
factoring two data points, one is change in the commodity prices, second is change in USD 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
INR exchange rate, so we will continue to do at that and the intent is to maintain 
traditional cable and wire margins which used to be between 11% and 13%, so our 
intention is to maintain that range. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it Sir. My second question is regarding your B2B and B2C business, you have 
mentioned that 60% is B2B right now, so what could be the number about five years back? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
My sense is that number would be around 70% or around 70% of B2B and 30% of B2C 
around five years to seven years back. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it Sir. On the industry basis, what is the kind of channel inventories that we are looking 
at, are they at optimum levels or lower, my question is from the point of view of volatile 
copper prices? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
If I talk about FY2022, I think these were at acceptable levels but since April 1, we have 
witnessed fair amount of correction in both, copper as well as in aluminum price levels. In 
such a situation what we have seen is generally dealers and distributors would like to 
reduce the inventory levels so that they do not lose on the margin. If the prices are on 
upward trajectory that is where they build higher inventory levels, so small amount of 
correction is possible in channel inventory but I do not expect that would be very material. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it Sir. What about FMEG inventory? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I think it is at acceptable levels. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Okay normal levels. and lastly any guidance you would like to share for the near term in 
terms of either the revenue or the margins? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, as I was mentioning to Ravi as well as Naval that as part of Project LEAP, we want to 
touch Rs. 20,000 Crores of topline by FY2026 and we embarked on this program last year 
and in FY2021, we did Rs. 9,000 Crores of topline rounded off, this year we have done Rs. 
12,000 Crores so directionally we are on set to achieve Rs. 20,000 Crores of topline as far 
as our performance on topline is concerned. On the margins. on cable and wire will 
continue to hover between 11% and 13% and we would like to improvise as we go along 
than the current levels which is hovering around 12%. On FMEG, we aspire to get to 12% 
by FY2026. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it Sir. Very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good afternoon and congratulations for good result. My top two questions here, first is on 
the FMEG portfolio as you have mentioned the business have been looking at multi brand 
strategy positioning in the premium & mass premium and also launching the Etira for the 
economy segment, so as a company in the next 18 months given that there is inflationary 
headwind could be risk of down trading, how should one look at where would be the 
incremental focus in the near term and are you seeing any potential headwinds in terms of 
demand softness because of inflationary impact near term softness in the real estate 
market, that is my first question? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, great question Renu. I have Chintan also on the call who is our Head Investor 
Relations, so I will request him to participate in the call, so Chintan take this one. 
Chintan Jajal: 
I think our strategy in FMEG is really to cover all the price points. So what we aim to do is 
straddle across the price pyramid, across price spectrums. If you remember, our portfolio 
is largely focused more on the mid premium space and over the last few years what we 
were trying to do is increase the share of premium products. So in various categories, if I 
pick up fans for example, the share of premium fans is increasing. Even in lights the share 
of say premium panels etc., is increasing. Overall in consumer business I think the 
premiumization percentage has improved. Now what we are trying to do is, we are trying 
to get into the economy price points or maybe sub economy price points, so we are 
working on our entire brand architecture just to ensure that there is minimal 
cannibalization and we spread our brand presence through an active brand 
communication. So we recently launched a new sub brand Etira which will play at these 
lower price points. Currently we have launched it in wires, we have also aim to extend it 
throughout our portfolio and I think this will really help us develop our presence and 
resonate better with consumer needs and wants. And specially when we are trying to get 
into say alternate channels as well as geographies like semi urban, rural I think here you 
need the right product portfolio to really drive that penetration and that is where this 
brand as well as all of our portfolio initiatives will help. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. My second question is on the cables part of the business where the company has 
been consciously trying to work some of the specialized cables and applications to improve 
the portfolio, if you can share some updates from this side and on the average 300 Crores 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
to 350 Crores capex which you have mentioned, how should we look at the incremental 
spending across the various subsegments and categories? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
On the first one we are perhaps the only company the entire country or probably in the 
continent which can supply all types of cables and wires. We have only one space where 
we do not have adequate presence which is EHV and we are trying internally to figure that 
out or we can offer products there. In this year, we have been able to get to new spaces 
for example, defense, automobile railways and all of these product categories are niche 
with good margins and require fair amount of product innovation. On the capex, out of 
around Rs. 300 Crores to Rs. 350 Crores broadly two-third will go to cable and wire and 
one-third for FMEG. Within two-third most of it will go for setting a new facilities to meet 
the export requirement as well as for the product categories where the utilization is fairly 
high, a part of it will go for maintenance and a balance for backward integration. On FMEG 
we will invest in product categories where we do not have inhouse manufacturing, for 
example, switches and we will set up facilities where the utilizations are fairly high. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Thank you and will get back in for more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you and congratulations for the performance given the challenges. Just three 
questions Gandharv, one is on the cash usage. I think I am sure that the senior leadership 
is looking at that number and the cash flows are increasing year-on-year, you already have 
1100 Crores, I am thinking you will have another Rs. 8 billion to Rs. 10 billion next year as 
well given what growth we are talking about, you alluded that you will spend, you will look 
at new categories to get into or some kind of a M&A, can you throw some more color on 
this? That is the first question. Secondly, anything on the FMEG EBIT margins is still 
tracking pretty low for the year as well as for the quarter, anything you would like to state 
for FY2023 and third is also significant reduction I can see on inventory, creditors and 
debtors, though the net working capital will cross the same Y-o-Y what is really happening 
here I am sure BCG is working very hard here and so this is also high priority area for us, 
we could be there as well? Thank you so much. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
On M&A when we embarked on this Project LEAP, we felt that we have to do several 
things but what we decided is we will split the entire project into 24 work streams and 
then we picked up few work streams as year one priority than few work streams for a year 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
two priority and so on. M&A and evaluation of adjacent product categories we decided we 
will take to up in the second year and as the embark on the second year of project I expect 
by September quarter, we should be able to give additional color what we should be doing 
but you are absolutely right that business is generating fair amount of cash and it is better 
to use that cash to meet the growth ambition of the company and by that means improve 
the shareholder return. On FMEG margins, this quarter of course there was some pressure 
of inflation by the same time we got into realignment because you know what got us to Rs. 
1000 Crores will not necessarily will take us to say a number Rs. 5000 Crores, we have to 
change the strategy and this is what we did, we ensured that we have right leaders in 
place, we have hired, for example, fans leader from another peer company. We have hired 
another veteran from Panasonic who was superannuated as MD of Panasonic to lead our 
FMEG or B2C business, so we have done fair amount of investment both on the process 
and enabler side as well as on the capabilities and this is getting reflected in this year’s 
margin but as I mentioned a while back we are confident on 12% EBITDA margin on FMEG 
business in FY2026 and this year we should be able to further improve on the existing 
margin levels. So as you know working capital your observation is absolutely correct, it is a 
focus area and will remain a main focus area. If we split the working capital in two broad 
categories, one is receivables and second is inventories. On the receivables we have been 
able to further improve our channel penetration, cable and wire, give and take few 
percentage point, we will be around 70% of channel balancing and FMEG we have almost 
50% and which is helping us in reducing our receivable number of days and these facilities 
are without any recourse. 
 
Now on the inventories we have been able to optimize, now the game is to balance the 
availability so that you are able to meet the requirement of the customer and optimize the 
inventory, we will continue to work on this and that is where BCG is helping but the leader 
we have hired recently they are also spearheading this initiative, for example, we hired 
someone as head of Logistic almost eight months back - Vipul Agarwal from another peer 
company - and he is doing fantastic job  on optimizing the inventory levels and improving 
our delivery time to the end customer. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, this is the base, right and that continues going forward, right? On net working capital is 
this the base going forward I mean you will just improve from here, right? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, absolutely. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay and just lastly you answered the question partly saying fiscal 2023 capex where do 
you want to spend; could you help me understand where did you spend in what broad 
areas you are going to spend? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, lets split this into two parts. Around two-third will go for our regular cable and wire 
business and one-third for FMEG. On two-third part of it, most of it will go for building 
capabilities and capacities for exports market and for the product categories where our 
utilization are fairly high and we need to put an additional facilities, that is one portion of 
that two-third. The second one is on backward integration and third is maintenance capex. 
On the remaining one-third in FMEG most of it will go for additional capacity which we 
need to build, for example, switches we do not have in-house factory so they will set up 
that, there are few product categories where our utilization is fairly high, we have to many 
capacities there and a part of it will also go for preventive capex. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. Best wishes for fiscal 2023. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from CITI. Please go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Thanks a lot, and congrats on very good set of numbers. Just one question, how much 
would be the broad price hike taking over say past 12 months across cable and wire and 
FMEG and as a result of this price hike, are you seeing any sign of figure demand to our 
down trading in any part of portfolios? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
On cable and wire, Q4 we would have taken a price hike of mid single digit and the 
inflation was also in the similar range, progressively we have been able to improve our 
EBITDA margin. if you remember in the first half we faced bit of challenge on maintaining 
contribution as well as EBITDA margin but after that it has improved, Q3 was 
comparatively better than the first half and Q4 was better than Q3. On FMEG also it has 
been mixed bag, there was bit of pressure on contribution margin in the first half of the 
year but after that we have been able to take price hikes there as well. 
Atul Tiwari: 
So, any sign on demand slowdown or down trading by customer in any other portfolio as 
of now? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
No, there is some bit of inflationary challenges in few of the product categories but it is 
not broad based in fact if you are available if your product is between specification and 
requirements of the customer, practically there is no challenge on demand.  

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay, got it. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is in one of your 
answers you mentioned that 25% is the price increase in about balance is the volume 
increase, in both FMEG as well as cables and wires business, have I understood it right? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Partially right - its other way around. 
Achal Lohade: 
So, you are saying 25% is a volume growth and 15% is the price increase in both the 
segments? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Out of the total increase, 25% is because of volume and balance 75% is because of value. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Number two is, is it possible like you mentioned in terms of volumes for FY2022, and 
I presume FY2021 was kind of a low base, if we were to look at in terms of volume CAGR 
for last five years would it be possible to put a number, would that be mid-single digit, high 
single digit, mid team any number ballpark number? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
It could be slightly incorrect for me to get that number to you, I do not have that handy, 
but I think I can give you color on that, my sense is our number would be significantly 
better than the industry number, in whatever cut, last three years – last five years. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes that part I completely agree, what I just wanted to check is the aggregate volume 
growth and the second question I had in mind is in terms of the pricing for cables and 
wires specifically, in terms of pricing our product is it the margin percentage margin or it is 
rupees per unit for meter, per kg anything, if you can give some color? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
It is percentage margin. 
Achal Lohade: 
It is a percentage margin, okay, so which brings me to the next question, if copper prices 
and aluminum prices were to normalize to earlier averages, how would that impact in 
terms of in the volume and the margin, this is hypothetical question but just color in your 
prospective on the same would help? 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Gandharv Tongia: 
As I mentioned in percentage margin, so irrespective of the fact whether topline goes up 
or down because of increase or decrease input cost, we would be able to maintain this 
margin, historically in cable and wire we have hovered between 11% to 13% and we 
should be able to maintain that. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. This is very helpful, thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Gindodia from AlfAccurate. Please 
go ahead. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Congratulations for a great set of number. Just two questions, firstly, you said that the 
volume growth is 25% of the growth of this year, so 40% was the revenue growth of wires 
and cables, so kind of implies 10% volume growth, this seems kind of underwhelming 
considering in the major building material players and I think these players are seeing by 
20% volume growth for this year given the real estate, so just wanted to understand why 
has been the volume growth low and any reason for this and do you expect this to 
improve going from here? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
The volume growth cannot be directly linked with the real estate, our products are 
introduced at different phases of the construction and that is why its not apple-to-apple 
comparison, as far as future is concerned, as I mentioned a while back to another 
participant that we are inching towards Rs. 20,000 Crores of topline by FY2026 and we will 
continue to out pace the industry growth. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay and just lastly wanted to understand on the payable days, so whatever gains we have 
achieved from reduction in inventory days and receivable days we have given that away by 
declining payable days so what has really led to the declining payable days because of this 
our ROC is not improving, so just wanted to understand what has led to the movement in 
payable days. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, great observation. Copper is the biggest or most significant raw material in our cable 
and wire business and we import copper from overseas market, in the last year, in FY2022 
during the course of the year, we realized that because of logistic challenges we should 
have alternate options available in the form of domestic supply and in domestic market 
generally speaking it is on cash and carry basis, so you get supplies by making advance 
payments as against in the import arena where you get LCs which could be between 90 
days to 180 days and which is what we have done in the current year which has impacted 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
the number of payable days. Having said that I do not think that that will continue in 
future in the similar proportion of course we will continue to have some supplies from 
domestic market but in the form of cash versus LC we should be able to get LC option from 
both the supplier, domestic as well as import, and we should be able to go back to our 
regular payable days once we get to that type of arrangement both with the international 
suppliers as well as the domestic suppliers. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay, got it and all the best to your team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you for taking my question, my first question is on the FMEG, when we look at last 
five quarters to six quarters pretty much stuck in the topline of 340 Crores to 350 Crores 
on an average when I look at your annualized number the industry saw last year a huge 
pent up, our growth is just about 21% and a I am assuming there must not be any or let us 
say very less volume growth in that to be honest, though you started saying that volume 
growth is in the double digit even in FMEG, so that is what adding up given what are the 
consumer companies are saying minimum category price hike is in the range of 15% to 
16% on an annualized basis, so what is going really wrong there in FMEG or the products 
what we have launched are not able to scale up, if you can throw some light on that 
because I am not comparing you with the other players, you are so small in the industry 
because your growth should look higher and that is also not happening even if you look at 
Q4 number, so that is my first question, if you could throw some light on that? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, you are absolutely right, your observation is correct, our business underwent the 
alignment exercise to improve sales force efficacy as well as to achieve the execution 
synergies which has hampered temporarily our growth, we have also identified the need 
to change the overall operation model because what has got us to Rs. 1000 Crores will not 
necessarily take us to say just throwing a number to Rs 5000 Crores and we also had fair 
amount of change at the leadership level in our B2C business but at the same time I must 
acknowledge this is momentary from the next quarter number and later in the current 
year we should be able to bounce back. If I were to give additional color for example, in 
case of switches we have some supply side issues because of which though we have taken 
the corrective action in the form of setting up a new facility it has impacted our topline 
and bottom line performance for the year gone by, so it is a mix of everything, we have 
our action plan in place a part of it has already been implemented in the form of new 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
leadership, in the form of product innovation to give the example we launched BLDC fan 
which can be operated with the help of remote, Chintan talked about Etira brand which 
has been launched, so the corrective actions are being taken we should be able to bounce 
back and as I mentioned a while back we are confident to achieve Rs. 20,000 Crores on 
topline including for FMEG and retail and a 12% EBITDA margin by fiscal 2026. 
Nitin Arora: 
Secondly, just on cable and wire, do you talked about starting I think everyone got 
confused that there is a 25% volume growth but I think you clarified saying that is a 10% 
volume growth, 25% of the overall revenue is the volume growth, so the 10% volume 
growth can you attribute some segments where it has come from because despite so 
much commentary is being spoken about there is a phenomenal growth across industry 
capacity utilization of private industries are so high, the volume growth is still about 10%, 
so it will be  helpful to understand where actually the growth is coming from and are you 
looking this volume growth at least 10% growth even for FY2023, is that the base number 
you are working with on the volume side? That is my last question, thank you. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
To give you answer on this 10% growth or 25% of total increasein topline, it is broad 
based, product by product, or else if I were to give you a flavor of cable and wire, it would 
range between 35% to 45% across all geographies, for example, in the case of wires we 
witnessed a growth of almost 60% in Southern market and in the case of flexibles or light 
duty cables we reported growth of almost 60% Northern market but to give a broad big 
pictures its across product categories and regions. As far as future is concerned I would 
probably take you back to our ambition of Rs. 20,000 Crores of topline by FY2026 and we 
are committed maintain the momentum and improve further as we go along. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you Gandharv. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity, so on the Etira brand basically if we see most of the durable 
companies they operate with one brand only considering limited surplus for brand building 
activities and all the variants be it economy, be it price or even the premium are 
introduced with the same brand itself, so why we have gone ahead with basically new 
brand Etira itself at the low end of the market and also will Polycab and Etira brand will 
both operate in the same market then there is a risk of cannibalization or will they operate 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
May 11, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
in completely different geographies, so what is the plan on Etira brand, that is the 
question? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Let me give you a perspective. We have onboarded Interbrand to conduct a brand study 
for us we are also working with Ogilvy on the marketing side. They are marketing agency 
for us. And when we were going through the product portfolio optimization exercise, we 
realized that in few of the product segments we do not have product available at the right 
price points or at all the price points, that is where we thought of Etira. Etira is slightly 
different product with slightly different products specification to meet the requirements to 
the customers who are cost conscious with out compromising off course on quality and 
with a focus on different geographies so Etira would probably cater the requirement of 
emerging India or government led supplies which are required to be met by the dealers 
and distributors where not necessarily they want to spend more money and at the same 
time they do not have higher expectation in terms of quality, so for example, on the green 
wires we have better specification but it is likely more costlier which can be called as a 
premium variant of the regular retail wires whereas Etira is on the economy range or 
subeconomy range of products. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia for closing comments. 
Gandharv Tongia:  
Thank you everyone for taking out time and attending this call. We would be happy to 
attend your questions, you can always reach out to me or Chintan or you can write to our 
investor.relations@polycab.com. Thank you for your confidence in us, take care. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Polycab India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
