 
 
 
Vakrangee Limited “Vakrangee Corporate House”, Plot No.93,  
Road No.16, M.I.D.C. Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093. Maharashtra, 
W: www.vakrangee.in | L:+91 22 2850 3412/+91 22 6776 5100 
F: +91 22 28502017 | CIN: L65990MH1990PLC056669`` 
 
 
 
May 19, 2022 
 
To, 
 
Department of Corporate Relationship 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001  
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference call on financial results for quarter and year ended March 
31, 2022. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Code – 511431/VAKRANGEE 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcript of Conference Call held on Monday, May 16, 2022, in 
respect of the financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
The same can also be viewed at:  
https://vakrangee.in/pdf/Annual_and_Quarterly_Results_FY2021_22/Q4/Conference%20Call%20T
ranscipt%20-%20Q4%20FY22%20%20Full%20Year%20FY22.pdf 
 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vakrangee Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Khandekar 
Company Secretary 
(Mem. No.: A50577) 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
KHANDEK
AR SACHIN 
TUKARAM
Digitally signed by KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=9b8c16b6d2ea4521ca3fc63913c039dabc8065
1029f00c28ea4ca75e666ec3c2, postalCode=400069, 
street=3097A Shri Sai prasad sra chsl sai wadi n s, 
phadke road,andheri east, 
pseudonym=0ed49c8385f773630df2f59c1809287a, 
serialNumber=d0ee1a6f46e34aa2c42edac2de47e7873
c65431b6bfe84a88768657f9458d264, o=Personal, 
cn=KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
Date: 2022.05.19 12:22:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 6 
Vakrangee Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Vakrangee Limited Q4 and Full year 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh 
Nandwana – Managing Director and Group CEO. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Dinesh Nandwana: 
Good day dear ladies and gentlemen. It is pleasure to greet you all once again on behalf of 
board of directors and senior management. We begin by thanking all of you for having spare 
time in joining us here today to discuss our fourth quarter and full year earnings for the 
financial year 2022. Today, we have emerged as the go to market platform for the rural India 
for our various business verticals including the new age FinTech and digital platform. We are 
building India’s largest last mile distribution platform and emerging as the physical plus digital 
ecosystem with a Pan India presence.  
 
Today, we have more than 22,042 outlets it spread across 32 states, 564 districts and 5,510 
postal codes. Our 84% outlets are present in deep rural Tier-4 to 6 locations. This kind of 
presence makes us the partner of choice for any business partners who wish to make their 
products oblique services available in rural India. 
 
During the quarter we have launched pilot for key services such as online opening of demat 
and trading account as well as total healthcare services across 3,500 and 1,000 outlet 
respectively, the same were also launched on our digital platform for Bharat Easy mobile 
super app which is currently under beta trial version with limited access.  
 
Now pilot response has been successful and results have been very encouraging registering a 
700 plus growth on month-on-month during the said quarter for the total healthcare services. 
We see huge potential in both of these services and we believe there would be a major 
contributor going forward and both these services have superior margin profile for the 
franchise as well as attractive offerings and pricing for the end consumer. We have strong 
footfall and brand consumption rural India and our customer trust with the day-to-day 
banking needs. During financial year 22 we opened close to 27 lakh bank accounts and did 
more than 6.9 crore banking transaction while currently the Indian neo banking user base is 

 
Page 2 of 6 
expected to grow fast at 80% plus yearly for the next five years. There is a huge under 
consideration rural market with huge retail and MSME customer base.  
 
Further, there is a lack of trust within the current customer base therefore physical presence 
and assistance is key differentiator. Going forward we are well structured to transition into a 
neo bank as we plan to launch neo banking services through our Bharat East mobile super 
app platform. Through this we are focused to evolve into a unique online to offline platform 
thereby there would be assistance available through the physical Kendra network along with 
the digital neo banking services. Further, we have strong existing retail customer has in rural 
India and we are focused on affordable pricing and unique online to offline consumer 
excellence.  
 
With respect to the proposed demerger of the non core business of e governance and ITES as 
a separate entity we would like to update that we have received approval for demerger from 
strong exchange and have now filed a application to NCLT for approval. We believe the 
proposed demerger would almost the potential of the core Vakrangee Kendra business in the 
current listed entity with existing business of Vakrangee Kendra physical outlet as well as the 
digital platform of Bharat Easy mobile super app. Vakrangee Kendra business in retail centric 
consumer facing business it is an asset light high return on capital business and thereby will 
get the proper representation post the demerger.  
 
We believe this would lead to significant re-rating of the core business and would maximize 
shareholder strength. Over the last few years we have undergone a huge transformational 
journey whereby we have made a transaction from nonexclusive store in store format outlet 
to highly recognizable standardized exclusive branded NextGen format outlet. We believe we 
are now well poised and have a clear visibility for a strong growth journey in the next few 
years to come. We have aligned our strategy with one of the existing service partner to 
expand our presence across the country in every Gram Panchayat level.  
 
We should fast pace our strategies and we plan to capture market to achieve our long term 
target well ahead of targeted timeline through launching additional franchise incentive 
schemes by reinvesting cash flow which would lead to quick period payback for there as well 
as drive strong franchise interest. Further aggressive marketing on Pan India basis which will 
result into a higher lead funnel for franchise acquisition process. Although near term 
profitability may get impacted as we reinvest our operational cash flow for enhancing 
franchise incentive and increase our marketing expenses however these strategy initiative 
shall led to significant drop in profitability in a long run. We plan to achieve our long-term tax 
outlaid expansion target of 75,000 outlets. NextGen outlet within the next 12 to 18 months.  
 
Commenting on the quarterly and full year results performance we have witnessed strong 
financial and operational growth on year-on-year basis due to increase in number of outlets 
as well as our service return to normalcy on the business front as ecommerce online 

 
Page 3 of 6 
healthcare and other financial services have become operational. Our result has been placed 
on quarter-on-quarter basis due to seasonality factor as last quarter included the festive 
period. Our revenue from operation stood at 208.81 crore year-on-year growth of 105.02% 
EBITDA stood at 42.05 crore year-on-year growth at 41.76% and PAT stood at 30.12 crore 
year-on-year growth is 44.87%. Our quarterly gross transaction value GTV crossed Rs. 12,660 
crore whereas our quarterly number of transaction crossed 3.29 crores. Our full year revenue 
for operational stood at 778.69 crores in financial year 2021 as against the 314.29 crore for 
the corresponding last year registering a growth of 147.76%. Full year EBITDA stood at 158.69 
crore registering a growth of 62.54% PAT stood at 109.52 crore registering a growth of 
74.43% our full year GTV growth transaction value crossed Rs. 47,000 crores and total 
number of transaction crossed 12.8 crores.  
 
We have recently launched a mobile super app-based business platform. Bharat Easy app 
“India ka Super App”. It is currently a beta trial version and we intend to go fully operational 
live in the next 8 to 12 months. We have made live and activated some of the key services like 
online shopping, telemedicine services, online demat account opening, CIBIL service for rating 
services as well as online Pan India application services. They are usually differentiator and 
sustainable competitive advantage is whereby our digital super app platform would be able 
to leverage the Vakrangee on ground ecosystem a vast well diversified Pan India level 
physical store network of Vakrangee is a point of physical assistance especially to consumer 
to semi urban and rural remote locations.  
 
A unique proposition of digital along with physical. Physical would help the digital channel to 
scale up fast and good significantly during the cost related to acquiring customers, physical 
assistance, order fulfilling and retail management of online order. Further leveraging physical 
presence would result into better customer interaction, strong brand recall and better service 
experience and trust for the customer. It give me immense pleasure to save that in 2022 
Vakrangee has been recognized by the sustainability as a ESG global 50 top racket company. 
Vakrangee Limited has been identified as a top ESG performer out of more than 4,000 
comprehensive companies with sustenance is covered in the global universe.  
 
Vakrangee Limited has also been honor to be included in this year sustainability year booked 
2022 published by S&P Global Vakrangee has earned S&P Global ground class sport in the 
year group in the corporate sustainability assessment survey. The sustainability year booked 
2022 published by S&P Global is one of the world most comprehensive publication providing 
in depth analysis on corporate responsibility. This annual ranking showcase the sustainability 
performance of the world largest company in each industry has determined by their scores in 
the annual corporate sustainability assessment.  
 
In 2022 S&P Global has assessed over 7,500 companies across 61 industries this year. Global 
recognition reflect company commitment to further enhance its corporate governance and 
transparency standards. Company has achieved global recognition across various platform for 

 
Page 4 of 6 
its superior ESG performance and long term business sustainability. I would like to take this 
opportunity to thank our shareholders for their support. We can now open the floor for 
question-and-answer session. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vikas Nahar from Overseas Incorporation. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Nahar: 
My questions are how confident are you to achieve the 75,000 NextGen outlet within the 
next 12 to 18 months and what steps are being taken to achieve this target and there are 
over 2,50,000 Gram Panchayat in India, are you trying to put up 2,50,000 NextGen outlets if 
yes please share year-on-year target, who is this existing service provider company whom we 
have aligned this, what support this service provider will extent to Vakrangee?  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
If you see basically with respect to these 75,000 outlets what is the key initiatives we are 
taking in order to ensure that we are able to achieve this number over the next 12 to 18 
months. There are two major initiatives which we have taken is one is basically we are almost 
stretching up our marketing spent so we are getting aggressive in terms of our marketing 
from a 360 degree perspective. So, we are doing complete digital marketing as well as on 
ground field level marketing initiatives also so that we get a good amount of funnel of a 
franchise applications in place which is already very encouraging. We are currently having 
almost more than 1 lakh plus applications in the funnel right now which we are evaluating, 
but if you see typically a success rate of finding a franchise is typically around 20% to 30% so 
for that you need at least 75,000 you will at least 3 lakh to 4 lakh kind of applications in the 
funnel in order to ensure that you are able to get 75,000 kind of franchise to be finalized. Our 
goal is to start the deep of the funnel so that our evaluation process becomes easier. Second 
thing what we are doing in order to create a positive word of mouth as well as on ground 
positive environment among the franchise community because there is lot of referral thing 
that comes into work here. So, what we are doing is we are also increasing the R&R reward 
and recognition incentive scheme for franchise and that is where we said that we will use our 
cash flow in order to increase the incentive specifically in the current year so that there is a 
good amount of strong word of mouth publicity at the field level. At the same time my 
franchise are able to witness a very quick payback because that encourages that creates a lot 
of referral network in place. So, from that perspective we are doing that and we believe that 
using this increase incentive we will be able to get lot of support in terms of new franchise 
acquisition at the same time our existing franchise network will be profitable at a much faster 
pace and where payback period normally the payback period as we have explained earlier 
that our typical payback period is like 18 to 24 months, but with the enhanced incentive 
structure maybe the payback period can be reduced to 6 months to 12 months for the initial 
period so that it create huge amount of positive vibes and the positive environment for the 
franchisees. So, that is a kind of cycle that start because there is a strong word of mouth, 
there is a huge amount of marketing in place where you get a good funnel and from the 
funnel basically you are able to setup more and more outlet. So, that is the work in progress 

 
Page 5 of 6 
which we are taking at the same time at our end we are reaching up our sales team. So, we 
have specifically taken field level activities we are right now also in almost 51 districts or 
campaigns are going on right now. So, we are doing lot of field level marketing as well as 
digital level marketing and at the same time we are building up our sales team at the HO 
which is the centralized HO level where all the applications, all the things coming and that is 
where my relationship manager or the sales manager explains them the business model, get 
them on boarded then we do a basic KYC check and accordingly we shortlist them. So that is a 
process so it is a complete cycle which we are focusing on. So, we are doing more marketing 
in order to generate more leads. We are doing better incentive sharing so that the word of 
mouth or the referral network comes into place, my existing franchise network is payback is 
reduced in the current cycle and that creates a better cyclical effect and for this briefing of 
my sales team and my field team in order to ensure that I am able to convert those leads and 
do the KYC check at the earliest so that we can have this kind of infrastructure in place to 
manage this amount of lead. So, that is where we are working right now. What gives us the 
confidence is the kind of response that we are getting to the campaigns right now is very 
encouraging and we feel that setting up these 75,000 outlet out of which 22,000 outlets are 
already in place so that is we get to another 50,000 stores in the next 12 to 18 months that is 
where it purely depends on the amount of leads you generate, the amount of positiveness 
you generate in the overall environment due to which you get a good referral check and that 
is where the people converting so that is where we are working on right now. With respect to 
the second question how we are aligned with our existing service partner who is the service 
partner I think so at the right time we will share once the complete formal announcement is 
done that is where we would like to share it is not right on our part to disclose it as it is not 
yet made public. So, I would refrain from doing that, but what synergies we have? We have 
lot of synergies because one thing is definitely we get their entire network to support us so it 
is again they have a complete field team till the district levels that helps us to get a support at 
the local level. At the same time we also get access to lot of captive business. So, lot of 
captive business can also happen at the Vakrangee Kendra outlet because we become an 
extension counter to our service partner. So, it is mutually beneficial doing for them we are 
giving them access, we are giving them presence to wider reach of audience whereas what 
we get in return is the access to their captive businesses and some ground support at least 
the district level locations because typically they have typically there are 760, 740 districts in 
the country. So, they have district level offices or regional level offices which help us do the 
basic support that we get at from their side. So, it is a mutual synergy for both the partners 
for us as well as the counter party. So, that is where we are working together and I think at 
the right time we will disclose the partner name as we do a formal announcement in sink. So, 
I think these were the queries and any one more last question you had anything which I 
missed. 
Vikas Nahar: 
These really sounds like a good plan and we are really looking forward to that and I would like 
to add one more thing you can look into burger the company has a similar planning 

 
Page 6 of 6 
McDonald's burger has a similar planning wherein the existing branches the franchisee 
themselves develop the new franchisees and they are getting some benefit out of the new 
franchisees? 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So, we have also introduced the master franchisee schemes also. So, I would also like to 
throw some light so we have already got 10 master size franchisees on boarded. So, typically 
my master franchise is the one who is typically getting at the local level where at the different 
Gram Panchayat level he is able to appoint a franchise as per my requirements and basically 
we have an arrangement with them. So, we also have this master franchisee concept which 
we have started just a quarter back. So, basically it is a second quarter running now. So, there 
also we foresee that the good amount of interest is there and actually we are doing lot of B2B 
meetings also from that perspective in order to build a master franchise network also in 
place.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ammeet Sabarwal from Vakrangee for closing comments.  
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out and attending our Q4 and full year results concall. 
Please feel free to get in touch with us in case you have any queries or any details required 
from our side. My email id is ammeets@Vakrangee.in as well as our contract details are 
available on the website. The presentation and everything is available there, but in case you 
have any further queries please feel free to write to us. Thank you everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Vakrangee that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
