 
 
 
Eicher Motors Limited 
Corporate Office: 
#96, Sector – 32  
Gurugram – 122001 
Haryana, India 
Tel +91 124 4415600 
Registered Office 
CIN: L34102DL1982PLC129877 
3rd Floor – Select Citywalk 
A – 3, District Centre, Saket 
New Delhi – 110 017, India 
Email: info@eichermotors.com  
 
 
May 19, 2022 
 
Online intimation/submission 
 
 
The Secretary
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Security Code: 505200 
 
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: EICHERMOT 
 
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Further to our letter dated May 5, 2022 intimating the schedule of the conference call held on 
Friday, May 13, 2022, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid conference call, held inter alia 
to discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022, pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The same is also available on the website of 
the Company www.eichermotors.com. 
 
The conference call started after the conclusion of the Board meeting of the Company. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Eicher Motors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Kaleeswaran Arunachalam 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Encl: a.a. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KALEESWARAN 
ARUNACHALA
M
Digitally signed by 
KALEESWARAN 
ARUNACHALAM 
Date: 2022.05.19 
16:47:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Eicher Motors Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 13, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDHARTHA LAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – EICHER 
MOTORS LIMITED 
MR. VINOD AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER VE COMMERCIAL VEHICLES LIMITED 
MR. B GOVINDARAJAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ROYAL 
ENFIELD LIMITED AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. KALEESWARAN ARUNACHALAM – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – EICHER MOTORS LIMITED 
 
COORDINATOR: MR. RAGHUNANDAN, RESEARCH ANALYST – EMKAY GLOBAL 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Raghunandan:  
Good evening, everyone! On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, I welcome you all for Q4 
and FY22 Results Conference call of Eicher Motors. We thank the management for giving us the 
opportunity. The management team is represented by Mr. Siddhartha Lal, MD & CEO, of Eicher 
Motors Ltd; Mr. Vinod Aggarwal, MD & CEO of VE Commercial Vehicles Ltd; Mr. B 
Govindarajan, CEO of Royal Enfield and Whole time Director and Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam, 
CFO of Eicher Motors Ltd. We request management for opening remarks, which can be followed 
by Q&A session. Over to you, Siddhartha sir. 
Siddhartha Lal:  
Hello and good evening, everyone. I hope you are all doing well, and welcome to Eicher Motors 
Ltd Earnings call for the Quarter ended March 31st, 2022, and for the financial year 2021-22. The 
year that has gone by was extremely significant for Eicher Motors Ltd as we have registered 
considerable progress towards our long-term goals and vison, despite numerous headwinds through 
the year. 
   Since we began, expanding our business into international markets, six-eight years ago, it has been 
our ambition to sustainably grow our overseas presence and to become a premium, global consumer 
brand from India. This year, we made really strong progress towards unlocking newer opportunities 
in these markets, led by expansion of our international footprint and commencement of operations 
in key markets. And all of this contributed to a stellar growth of 108% year-on-year in our 
international markets.  
We have also added two new local assembly units this year in Colombia and in Thailand, which 
are very important markets for us. In India, we continue to define the middleweight segment , and 
we performed consistently as compared to the industry, despite enormous supply chain challenges 
stemming largely from shortage of semiconductor chips, even though there were lots of other 
supply chain challenges last year, including huge inflation and unavailability of other commodities 
as well. In FY22, while our overall market share remains steady at around 5.8%, we closed and we 
closed Q4Q4 with over 7% market share, and that is the overall motorcycle industry in India. So, 
of all motorcycles sold, we were 7%. And it increased to 28.7% i.e., a 2.8% increase in market 
share in all motorcycles, 125cc and above. So, in the last quarter, the above 125cc market share 
was above 30%, the above 125cc market share. So, basically, one out of every three motorcycles 
sold above 125cc cc in India is a Royal Enfield, and we are not even present in below 250cc. So, 
above 125 .  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
And of course, despite enormous number of  manufacturers and new models coming into the above 
250cc space. We continue to dominate that with  around 90% market share in the above 250cc 
space, despite all the global and Indian manufacturers entering into that space in a big way in the 
last many years. Since its launch in 2008, the Royal Enfield Classic, as you all know, has become 
the most popular motorcycle within our portfolio. And this year, we achieved a critical milestone 
with the transition of the Classic, to the all-new J-Series platform.  We Launched across all our 
global markets, and the new motorcycle has received absolutely amazing reviews from experts and 
the riding community across the world. This was one of the biggest challenges of the last decade 
for Royal Enfield to switch over from a running platform where we had our most important 
motorcycle to switch it over, and it is absolutely amazing motorcycle, and the switchover we were 
able to do. And despite all the challenges of supply chain, we were still able to get the production 
and everything else going. So, it has been an enormous change management and now we are in a 
really, really solid footing going forward.  
Also creating niche riding cultures and subcategories has been a key focus for us. With the 
Himalayan, we were able to build a unique subculture of accessible adventure touring across the 
communities. And we cemented that proposition in an effort to build inroads in the adventure 
category, in order to do that, we launched the Scram 411, which is our first adventure tourer, 
crossover motorcycle. We have launched that this year or just a few months ago. Scram also 
received a great response from consumers, and we are now taking this to international markets as 
well.  
On the commercial vehicles front, the domestic commercial vehicle segment charted a sharp 
recovery in FY22, and VECV clocked at 38% YoY growth in volumes. We successfully launched 
a wide range of Eicher Trucks and Buses and variants for India and export markets.  
We established the brand-new Volvo FM and FMX truck range and delivered the first synergies 
from the successful integration of Volvo buses that we bought recently from Volvo Group into 
VECV. We maintained our market share of around 30% in Light and Medium and duty tuck 
segments, and 7% in Heavy duty trucks. And continue to retain profitability and the only profitable 
commercial vehicle company last year, as you all would know. So that is also a big feather in our 
cap and a testament to our management and to our business model that we are able to accomplish 
profitability when all our big competitors are making losses.  
The Board of Directors of Eicher Motors Limited at the meeting held earlier today, declared a final 
dividend of Rs.21 per share for the year 2021-22, implying a payout sum of Rs.574 crores. As we 
move forward, we are committed to align the next stage of our growth with a renewed and much 
stronger ESG vision that we have. With the disruptive effects of the pandemic receding and a very 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
strong product pipeline and distribution in place, we are confident to push forward on our strategic 
plans and long-term product and business objectives.  
Now moving to financials for the Q4 and the Financial year. Consolidated financials for the Quarter 
and the Financial year ended March 2021. We had the highest-ever quarterly revenue in Q4 
Rs.3,193 crores, up 8.6% from Rs.2,940 crores last year. For the whole year, we had our highest-
ever annual revenue at Rs.10,298 crores, up 18.1% from last year. Our EBITDA for Q4 was at 
Rs.757 crores up 19.3% from last year same quarter. And for the full year, we had Rs.2,172 crores 
up 22% from whole of last year.  
Our EBITDA margin has also climbed up. So, for the quarter, it is 23.7% against 21.6% last year, 
which is a 2.1% YoY increase, despite the 10% drop in volume from last year. For financial year, 
our EBITDA is at 21.1% against 20.4%, last year. Overall, our Profit After Tax for Q4 is Rs.610 
crores, up 16%. For the full year, it is at Rs.1,677 crores, up 24.5%. So that is all from me. Thank 
you very much. I will now hand over to Govindarajan, who is the new CEO of Royal Enfield. 
Congratulations Govind on the new position. I am sure you will do an outstanding job considering 
you have been here for 23 years and been doing an outstanding job for all these years. So, looking 
forward to your leadership and running of Royal Enfield, , and over to you. 
B Govindarajan:  
Thank you Siddhartha. Hi everyone. Hope everyone of you are doing well. At Royal Enfield, we 
are strongly committed to and remain steadfast on our long-term goals. This year, we registered 
our highest-ever annual revenues, backed by the efforts made over the last six years across the 
business. We registered significant growth in overseas market with about 108% growth in sales 
numbers and about 105% growth on the revenue term. This marked by an improvement in the non-
motorcycle business with a 45% increase in the sales YoY.  
Now, let me share with you some of the key highlights for Q4 of the financial year 2021-22, and 
full year 2021-22. Let me just begin with the sales volume for Q4., Royal Enfield sold 1,82,125 
motorcycles, which is down by about 10.4% from 2,03,343 last year. Notwithstanding the 
constraints around the supply chain because of the semiconductor chips, we steadily improved our 
performance, which is about +8.6%, supported by an onboarding of alternate suppliers, that entire 
ecosystem, which has been brought in to minimize the impact of the shortages.  
Our demand has continued to stay resilient, further aided by the launch of Scram 411, as Siddhartha 
was mentioning. Scram 411, which has received an excellent customer response in India. While 
our volumes remained 15.5% below Q4, we have increased our market share in the motorcycle 
segment of more than 125cc engine by 5% to 32.9% as compared to 28.1% in Q4 FY21. For the 
full year FY22, total sales to those 5,95,474 motorcycles, down by 2.3%, almost same like last 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
year. We had lot of challenges in the supply chain on the production front. But as I mentioned, the 
demand for our motorcycles remains very resilient. Our market share in the motorcycle segment of 
more than 125cc engine increased by about 2.8% to 28.7% in the full year. Our international 
market, as I mentioned, we continue to have a strong growth momentum. We registered the highest-
ever quarterly sale in Q4, we sold 21,787 motorcycles, which is double almost compared to the 
previous year, which is almost a growth of 59.2%. For the full year, the international business 
volume has doubled to about 74,238 motorcycles versus 35,700 motorcycles. Every market where 
we have entered, we have seen tremendous growth, especially in Europe, we have achieved about 
7% market share in the mid-sized motorcycles. In America, we have achieved about 5% market 
share and in the APAC region, we have crossed 7% market share in the mid-sized segments.  
In all the markets where we are entering, we are steadily seeing the growth outside India, too. This 
is backed by the network expansion and firming up our commitment to the international markets. 
We have added during this period about 33 exclusive stores and about 44 multi brand outlets across 
regions this year. We have also commenced our operations at our CKD facilities in Colombia and 
Thailand, Argentina, which was done last year, during this year, we did for Columbia and Thailand.  
In addition to the facility in Argentina, as I mentioned. In the CKD facilities, we have almost 
assembled 5,000+ units. Our domestic network footprint as of date, stand at about 2,118 stores, of 
which 1,063 is dealership format and 1,055 is studio stores at the end of the financial year. our non-
motor cycling business, it has continued to grow steadily. Our constant endeavor to deepen rider’s 
engagement with his or her motorcycle, which has resulted in growth of our journey motorcycle 
accessories and spares verticals. We have witnessed the growth of almost about 45% YoY in this 
year. The total non-motorcycle revenue for the business is currently standing around 15% of the 
overall revenue.  
On new product introductions. Just to give you a background, one of the things which has been 
done, we have introduced two new exciting motorcycles this year. One is the all-new Royal Enfield 
Classic 350 and the Scram 411. Reborn on the new J series engine platform, the all-new Classic 
350, which has received an excellent response from all the experts and the consumers alike and has 
won numerous awards and accolades globally. Scram 411, the brand's first adventure crossover, 
was launched at great reception from consumers and experts. At the EICMA 2021, we showcased 
the SG650 concept, the newer retro interpretation that pushes the boundaries of what Royal Enfield 
motorcycle could look like. A host of landmark initiatives, marked by Royal Enfield’s 120th year 
anniversary this year. One is 90° South, a daring expedition that saw two of the Royal Enfield 
Himalayans accomplish the unthinkable feat of traversing the treacherous journey to the south pole. 
Two of our company employees successfully completed this expedition in 28 days in December 
2021.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
We also debuted the 120th year anniversary edition of the brand flagship 650 motorcycle, the 
Interceptor 650 and the Continental 650 at EICMA 2021. The motorcycles received an incredible 
response in India, as well as Europe. And all of them got sold within about 120 seconds.  
This year, Royal Enfield marked its maiden foray in the world of modern motor sports with 
Continental GT Cup 2021, with a focus on building accessible inroads for any enthusiasts in the 
motor sports and retro racing. The first season of the GT Cup was conducted at the Kari Motor 
Speedway and racetrack amidst the fanfare and the resounding response from all the young riders. 
Strengthening our association with armed forces, we partnered with the Border Security Force for 
one of its kind, all-women Seema Bhawani Shaurya expedition. The expedition saw about 36 
women riders traverse 5,200 kilometers across the country on our Classic 350 motorcycle, which 
focused to build awareness about freedom and bias and stereotypes against the woman. And the 
whole journey ended at Royal Enfield factory. Further strengthening the pure motorcycling 
ecosystem, we initiated collaborations with iconic motorcycle lifestyle brands, TCX and Belstaff. 
The TCX association saw the two brands collaborate to create C-certified protective riding and 
lifestyle shoes. The association with Belstaff saw the launch of a range of lifestyle and protective 
apparel. To conclude, the consumer preference for personal mobility and premiumization continues 
to drive the demand for the segment and for our products.  
As supply chain constraints gradually ease out, we expect production to scale up for that with a 
slew of new launches planned in the near term and midterm, we are excited about what is in store 
for us globally. That is, it from the Royal Enfield side. Now I will request Mr. Vinod Aggarwal to 
take you through the VECV performance and updates.  
Vinod Aggarwal: 
Very good evening to everyone. And I will take you through VECV performance and also give you 
a little update about the CV industry. As far as the performance is concerned, last year was a very 
challenging year. but in spite of that challenging year, I think as Siddhartha mentioned in his 
opening remarks, we had good growth, both in volume terms, as well as in value terms. In value 
terms, we have a growth of 47% for the full year, and in fact, last year has been our all-time high-
top line of Rs.12,724 crores as against Rs.8,676 crores in the year before. So, it is all-time high, 
even though the volume-wise, it is 57,000 plus. And as you know, the earlier peak was close to 
73,000 in the year 2018-19. So, while in volume terms, we are much lower than the earlier peak, 
but in value terms, we have crossed the earlier peak. As far as the EBITDA margin and the 
profitability is concerned There were a lot of challenges last year, starting with very high inflation 
and then very high level of discounting and supply chain challenges, in spite of all this, good thing 
is that for the full year we have remained profitable, and, on a consolidated VECV basis, we have 
a PAT of Rs.108*crores, against Rs.63 crores in the year before 2020-21. As far as the EBITDA 
margin is concerned, for the full year, we have an EBITDA margin of 5.6% as against 6.8% last 
*While Rs.108 crores PAT for VECV was mentioned during the call, that figure in fact is OCI PAT. Kindly make note of the same. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
year. So, since the last year, the top line was much lower, the margins were better. So, in spite of 
the top line going up, the margins have dropped, as I mentioned earlier, due to very high inflation 
and inability of the industry to pass on the cost increases.  
Even though we made up a lot through cost reductions, and there were some losses due to supply 
chain challenges.  
And, then of course, as far as the market shares are concerned, I think we have done very well. In 
5-16 ton segment, we have a market share of 30.2%, as against 30.6% in the year before. In buses, 
we have improved in fact, significantly in market shares, from 19.9% to 21.6%, even though the 
bus market still is very low. In heavy duty trucks, our market share is at 7.3% against 7.9% last 
year. So, there was lower market share because of very high discounting, which were there in the 
market. And of course, beyond a point, we decided not to run after the market share. That is why 
you see that overall, we have remained profitable. Whereas for nine months, and now we also have 
the results of Tata Motors for full year and for full year they are still on loss in spite of selling very 
high volume. So therefore, considering the difficult situation in the market, we have done 
reasonably well. As far as the new product lines are concerned, we are the ones which led the 
migration to CNG alternate fuel, and we have now, almost a 34% market share in the entire CNG 
market. And then apart from that, in the full year, we introduced quite a few, new products, and 
this was the entire range of CNG products, various variants in heavy duty trucks, in light and 
medium duty trucks and various new export products. Overall, we introduced, almost 66 new 
products last year, which included 25 in light and medium duty, 16 in heavy duty, 7 in buses. And 
we have introduced intercity coach in buses, which is now manufactured in Volvo Bus plant in 
Hoskote. So, this is the first fruit of our synergistic working between Volvo Bus and Eicher, as you 
know, Volvo Bus is now part of VECV. We also got the CV Maker of the Year award in the CV 
Apollo Awards for our 2114 CNG truck.  
And we also got a few other awards in the overall CV Apollo Awards. So overall, I would say if 
you looked at the product portfolio, industrial capacity, our processes, especially the retail 
excellence and the network, and all other customer linked infrastructure, I think we have made 
significant improvements. We are consistently improving in our network and last year, we added, 
in fact, quite a few new network points in East and far East and in some of the other unrepresented 
territories. And we have plans to add more network points even in this year. So therefore, we should 
get more and more leverage from the expanded distribution footprint. Apart from that, I think we 
have done a lot of work in digitalization, and we have done a lot of work in retail excellence. We 
measure specific parameters which create customer satisfaction. For example, we measure 
responsiveness, we, we measure the repeat repairs, we measure in how much time our service vans 
are able to reach if there is a breakdown of a truck on the road, and we are able to give predictive 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
maintenance. This is the first of its kind in the industry, if the vehicle breaks down or has some 
problem while it is running on a highway, our uptime center keeps on getting the data continuously 
from a running vehicle. And based on the analytics which we have put in our uptime center, if there 
is any problem with respect to overheating of the engine, or oil level is less that information is 
immediately known that the uptime center and on real-time basis, and our uptime center calls up 
the driver to inform him depending on the seriousness, either to stop immediately, or we book him 
in the next service station. So, by that process, we are able to save a lot of engine seizures. So, what 
I am trying to say, that we have initiated a lot of customers facing new initiatives, which are all 
digitalized and which are very strongly monitored from our side. So therefore, on the company 
side, we have the products which are technologically superior. We have the very wide range of 
products, and then, we have a very good set-up. The network is increasing, a lot of steps on the 
retail excellence. And now the industry is on the right path now after three bad years and hopefully 
it should go back to its earlier peak or even cross there. So therefore, I would say we have good 
plans and if we execute these plans well, I am sure the company will have good growth potential 
in future.  
So then, I now invite Siddhartha back on this call.  
Siddhartha Lal:  
Thank you Vinod and Govind. So, now you have heard from both the CEOs on the individual 
businesses on Royal Enfield and on VECV. And I have to say, I am absolutely delighted with the 
absolutely amazing leadership teams that we have at both the businesses. They are really in sync 
and very focused leadership teams working super hard. And as you know, we have a very strong 
and resilient business model and capabilities and it is really showing up even in tough times in the 
last couple of years, I mean, it does not seem like that sometimes, but they have been super tough 
from many perspectives, and you can see that we are still thriving in these conditions. And of 
course, as the markets go up, I am sure we will do much better because, for both the businesses I 
can see clearly state that we have very, strong product pipelines, a very good distribution which is 
working really well and in sync with our organization and needs. And we are super confident of 
making the strides and the path towards our long-term ambition. So really delighted about how 
things are going right now and looking forward to answering your questions.  
Raghunandhan:  
Thank you sir for the comprehensive opening remarks, we start the Q&A session, Pramod, you can 
please go ahead.  
Pramod Kumar:  
Yeah, thanks a lot, Raghu. And congratulations Govind and great to see you Vinod sir after a long 
time. My question is related to the domestic demand scenario, Siddhartha, I would not bother you 
Siddartha on the exports side. It is going really great.  On the domestic side, thanks to the way the 
commodity price inflation and the regulatory headwinds have kind of added in, the product has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
become much pricier across the industry level and especially for you as well, because you cannot 
escape the ABS bullet right. So, just trying to understand, given the kind of price leap, what we 
have seen for your products over the last three-four years, and the macro where we are, which is 
not great, upgrade demand definitely kind of suffers and which is visible in your kind of the mind 
share you have on the category and the kind of market share and there are still gaps. So is there any 
thought on reworking the product or looking at something which can be more accessible from a 
price point, which can probably accelerate the upgrade ladder, because I'm pretty sure a lot of 
customers want to buy RE, but the prices have really gone through the roof. So is there something 
which the company can do in terms of reengineering the product, or a new derivative or a brand. 
You talked about a product pipeline, so does it include something like that? And if we can just 
share your thoughts on what kind of upgrade customers you are getting into your family every 
month?  
Siddhartha Lal:  
So, Pramod, I will start and may be Govind can add. As you know, unfortunately for this situation, 
we do not talk about our future product plan. So, unfortunately, I cannot help you with that answer. 
Of course, we do have a very strong pipeline and we are cognizant of how the costs have been 
moving and therefore how the prices have been moving. And yet we do absolutely believe in the 
segment that we are operating in and that we can continue to get upgraders into Royal Enfield fold. 
And, of course, we are doing lots of different things in order to get upgraders into our fold. We 
have a very strong new thought process and work we have done on financing operations as well, 
not ours, but I am saying third party, but on how to get our customers in. So, there are a lot of 
different aspects of work going on and there is a lot of new bikes that will give a lot of enjoyment 
to people and they will be willing to pay for it really. I mean, that is how we are looking at it, but 
there are certainly interesting things on the horizon for sure.  So may be Govind, you want to add 
something on what Pramod said.  
B Govindarajan:  
Yeah. You were asking about the demand, and how is it going. I mean, just to the point which we 
discussed now, when the market is down by 18-20%, Royal Enfield has actually gained market 
share. Now you can see how the love for this Royal Enfield brand is coming up. Gradually the 
market is bringing into the normalization. Last few months, I have been seeing steadily the volume 
is growing; the industry is coming back because all along, we have been seeing in the last six 
months also our bookings have been higher than the retail, to that extent, what is happening is when 
the production comes up, then obviously there is the numbers which are going to go up. You have 
talked about accessible product and I thought all our products are accessible and yet aspirational, 
but we are also looking at how do we get more and more young customers who actually love to 
have the Royal Enfield motorcycle in his stable. For that, we are working on various methodologies 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
of accessibility, how we can give it to the consumers, especially on the finance, which is one big 
lever.  
We have started working on it intensely where we feel that that will help for the future products, 
where in young customers can also be brought into a stable.  
Pramod Kumar:  
Thanks for that, Govind. Thanks Siddhartha. Second question is to Vinod sir, given that he is on 
the call today. On the commercial vehicle industry pricing discipline, because we have seen good 
growth for the last three years, but for some reason the pricing does not hold up. So, what is your 
thought on that? And related to that, do you see any improvement whatsoever in the pricing 
discipline in the industry and also on the EV, some of these tenders which have got floated recently, 
the bidding by few players seems to be very aggressive.  So, if you can share your thoughts on the 
viability of such bids or companies which have bid and is that a really viable business model there 
on EVs? Thank you.  
Vinod Aggarwal:  
First on the pricing front, definitely currently this is a major challenge that we are not able to pass 
on the price increases because of the competitive pressures. At the same time, I think it cannot 
continue like this because I am sure a better sense will prevail. And once the capacity utilizations 
improve, and the CV industry is on the recovery path, once you reach nearing your capacities, I 
think, there will not be any incentive to continue giving big discounts. So therefore, that is one part 
of it. The second is we have to create more and more awareness with the customers that they should 
not look at the initial price. They have to look at the overall cost of ownership. If you look at the 
overall cost of ownership, the price plays only part to the extent of maybe 20% of the cost of 
ownership, 50 to 60% is the fuel economy and around 15 to 20% is the tyre life. So, if we are able 
to save costs for the customer on fuel side and on the tyre side, I think the cost of acquisition, even 
if they pay 5-10% premium does not matter because even if you pay 10%, it is only 2% of 20%, 
whereas if you save 10% of fuel, then you save 5% out of 50%. So therefore, our drive has been to 
show the value to the customer. And we are right now working very, very seriously that in case 
there is any leakage in this value that is what we are plugging in. And that is where the customer 
service is going to play very important role. And we are working very seriously to improve now 
on various parameters of customer service. And we are delivering a great value as far as through 
the digitalization initiatives and through connected trucks. As you know, we are now giving a 100% 
trucks and buses as connected, and we make the connection live and give it for two years. And then 
we are able to show customer the value through a very powerful app, which we have put on the 
thousands of customers smartphones. And we are also able to give predictive maintenance of that. 
So therefore, I am not too much, but in the long run, as far as the discounting is concerned, this is 
a short-term phenomenon. It has to die one day. It will die and then of course, that is the time when 
the companies like us will get into the major advantage mode.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
As far as the electric vehicles are concerned, I think this is the beginning, the industry is evolving 
and of course the current CESL tender, which has been allotted now and which has decided the 
prices, is beyond our understanding because there was a difference of almost 20% from the L1 and 
L2. So, between L1 and L2, I have never seen the huge difference like this which is almost 20%. 
So, we have to understand what the motivation is to take on the orders at such a low price. And we 
should not forget, this is going to be very tough business because, whatever tenders you are picking 
up, you have to be careful because this entire model is on per kilometer basis and you are 
committing for next 12 years, whatever rates you are giving, you are fixing the rate for next 12 
years and then you have to deliver uptime and you have to deliver everything in next 12 years. So 
therefore, if you are taking a hit in per kilometer, it means you are going to suffer consistently for 
the next 12 years. So of course, we will never do that sort of thing and we are very clear that we 
will incur loss because we do not want to become loss leaders. But the industry will evolve. There 
will be more opportunities to make on the electric vehicles. It is just first tender which has come.  
Now, it was government incentive-based tender under FAME II. More tenders will come, which 
will be outside the FAME, and which will be for private contracts because right now 5,000 buses, 
this is all for government STUs. Now you will see more and more action happening in the private 
space in various intercity routes or various intracity routes. I think we are ready with the 
technology; we are ready with the products. So therefore, we are for a long run, and we are not 
going to give discounts in the short run.  
Raghunandhan:  
Thank you, sir. Next can we have a question from Jinesh Gandhi? 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions. One is what are we seeing on the 
commodity side now? What are the pressures seen in the fourth quarter and what kind of pressure 
to expect in upcoming first quarter? And the second question on the other expenses, which 
continued to remain high. I believe last quarter, we had some event-related expenses, but despite 
that we have seen further increase in this quarter, so how should we see through the other expenses 
line item?  
 
Kaleeswaran Arunachalam:  Sure. Thanks, Jinesh. Overall, from a commodity perspective the headwinds continue. As you 
would have seen, now, we all thought around Q4, maybe the beginning of Q4 it can settle in, but 
then there was the geopolitical disruption, which is further adding to the commodity pressure that 
we are seeing. And at this point of time, we need to wait and watch. There is no clarity as to when 
will this stabilise. Base metals have started to increase, that is where the significant pressure is 
coming in. More or less, precious group of metals went up and that is coming back. So that is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
happening, but base metals continued to increase. So, we need to wait for at least a quarter or two 
to see where this stabilise and do we see a fundamental correction happening after the super 
commodity cycle. But at this point of time, too early to conclude. Coming to your second question, 
in terms of the other expenditure, I would love to look at this in two parts. One is, if I have to 
compare this to FY20, our full-year other expenditure was about roughly Rs.1,200 crores, that in 
FY22 stands Rs.1,400 crores. Now if we have to look at the delta of what is driving this increase, 
one part of this is significantly on account of the freight increases that have happened. You will 
see, in our export business, we have almost doubled the business, reaching about 67,000 units for 
the full year. That also means, there is one availability of container is becoming a challenge and 
whatever container is available is at an extremely premium cost. We are seeing about 4-6x increase 
in terms of the overall freight cost that is on the international side. So, volume increase on 
international, coupled with the container cost increase, is one reason for other expenditure to go 
up, which we expected to continue in terms of the future also. But overall, the model mix at 
international at net of all the costs is still accretive to the bottom line. Second, yes, we did invest in 
some of the launches that we talked about in the earlier quarters, which had the Classic and it also 
had the trip to South Pole. So, while those are milestone-based events that happen, but we would 
love to continue to invest in the brand and ensure that the aspiration gets balanced with 
accessibility. So that is probably the way forward I would see as to how do you need to look at 
other expenditure.  
B Govindarajan:  
Just to add on, Jinesh. On the commodity side, because it is a super inflation, which is continuing 
now, what does that we have to do as an organisation, our focus is very intense. We have 
commissioned our value engineering, we have VA/VE initiatives with our team dedicated people 
who are put onto the job. We have done as a team, mining out what are the options, which are all 
there in reducing the precious metal. And that activity is continuously going on, without disturbing 
any of the ride handling, which is very important for us. We are also started looking at digitisation 
of some of the activities. Thereby, the activities, which is unnecessarily adding some costs, can get 
automated. So internally, we are also looking at how do we edge all these sorts of issues, which we 
do not have a control on. But we are very focused. We are seized of the issue, and the team is fully 
on the job, Jinesh.  
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Thanks. And one last question on exports. So, given that export has been doing extremely well for 
us, we now have broadly good presence in most of the important markets which we are targeting. 
Over next couple of years, which are the key markets where we were looking to ramp up our 
presence with respect to both in terms of the distribution network and in terms of volumes. Thanks.  
B Govindarajan:  
Yeah Jignesh. The international market, in our opinion, is a starting point for Royal Enfield’s 
success. We have launched our Classic 350, which is also an outstanding product, which got 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
received very well across the globe. This is a Euro-V compliant vehicle, we launched Scram. All 
of these vehicle launches, which had come in. So, for us, it is just a starting point as of now, the 
markets like Europe, North America, LATAM and APAC regions, all those areas as I mentioned, 
the market share has been steadily growing and in some of the areas where we have decided to be 
there in that market, through the CKD route, thereby our presence is there and, that is how the 
consumers actually relate to that they are part of us. Like we live the life of the consumers in those 
countries, and that is why we see the growth in the international market is going to be very huge. 
As of now, we are actually sending motorcycles which are manufactured in India to almost 60 plus 
countries, and wherever our consumers are in love of these motorcycles, we will look at that on a 
priority basis and we will enter into the market.  
Siddhartha Lal:  
Yeah. Just to add a little bit on the markets as it were. EU is huge for us, and we believe it can grow 
tremendously in the coming years or decades. So, Europe is absolutely enormous, and they love 
our motorcycles, so it just works out really well. In North America, similar, but maybe a step behind 
right now. So, we are building further distribution. So, we are really penetrating now deep into EU, 
deep into North America. So, in all the developing countries, which means Australia, New Zealand, 
we have a great brand equity, and people love our motorcycles. Japan, Korea, all these developed 
countries doing well. Then again, further depth, let us say in the core LATAM and APAC markets, 
that is still a longer story. So, it is working out, it is got huge potential in the medium, long term 
and we are doing well. We have got brand salience, we have got distributors are doing well, dealers 
are doing well. So, it is actually a lot more depth, but we keep adding a market here, a market there 
to test different situations, conditions. We have added something in Morocco recently, again, just 
to get a feel of what different markets may be like, approaching some markets in a different way. 
We are doing only some B2B transactions in some markets for tour operators, just to sort of see 
how we operate in those markets before we actually start putting in a distribution. So, we are testing 
those kinds of things in Africa, for example, because we do not want to be in the taxi market. We 
have no interest in that market, which is really the core for other Indian players who are in Africa, 
but we have other ideas, thoughts, means, and not in the typical fashion, but we are expanding, but 
in different ways now in different countries.  
Raghunandhan:  
Thank you, sir. So next we have we have Sonal Gupta? Please go ahead.  
Sonal Gupta:  
Yeah. Hi, good evening. And thanks for taking the question, just continuing with the previous 
question, could you just sort of give some more details in terms of what is the broad split of exports 
in terms of the EU, Americas, LATAM and APAC? Could you also talk about like, you have been 
in Thailand now and you are setting up an assembly plant, and also in Columbia for four or five 
years. So, where have you reached in terms of market share or scale, and how large are these 
markets, if you could just talk about those.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Kaleeswaran Arunachalam: So, starting with from a region priority, if you look at it, the large part of our business, as Siddhartha 
started with, comes from EU, close to about 40% of our business comes from the EU market. 
Followed by Americas, which includes Latin America, which is roughly about say 25-30%. And 
then the balance comes from, Asia Pacific. So, let us start with Thailand as a market. Yes. I think 
we see a significant potential as a market, not only Thailand, but also the entire Southeast Asia for 
that matter. So, we started with our penetration into Thailand, with our stores, followed it up now 
with the CKD, and we do see the market going up, and our market share is inching towards 7-8% 
already in the Asia Pacific region. Now on the Latin America side, there are two parts to it, one 
Brazil, which continues to be a significant opportunity for us in terms of the revenue deliverability, 
but the country has its own challenges in terms of forex or in terms of the tax structure it has got. 
So, we need to balance it out and at appropriate time, take calls as to what kind of setup will make 
it accretive for us as we grow forward. Columbia and Argentina, we have already started a CKD 
plant, business is delivering very well, for us. Between Latin America, if I have to look at our run 
rate, including Brazil, we should be doing roughly about, say 20% of our exports coming from 
those markets. 
Raghunandhan:  
Thank you. Next, can we have Kapil Singh? 
Kapil Singh:  
Good evening, sir. Firstly, wanted an update on the supply situation? What is the percentage 
production you are losing currently compared to the required run rate? And we had talked about 
several actions to address this problem. So, what is the update on that?  
B Govindarajan:  
Yeah Kapil, what is happening now, as I mentioned, ours is a hundred percent ABS motorcycles. 
To that extent, the e-component, especially the semiconductor issue, which was there last year, we 
were losing production fundamentally because we had only one source but over the year, we 
swiftly, brought in two more vendors, thereby the supply is increased. Just for everybody's 
understanding, the overall capacity of, let alone for us, for the entire automotive, it will be kicking 
in from first quarter of 2023. That is what is being said. But what we have approached as an 
initiative is that we should not lose the production. So, we have gone ahead with the various levels 
of purchase, inventory to some extent, alternative sourcing additions. So wherever possible, the 
supply chain volatility, which is there because of the current pandemic situations, our team is on 
the job of actually maximising, the potential which is available for us.  
Kapil Singh:  
Are we losing our production right now, or you think it is more or less at the levels at which we 
want it to be? 
B Govindarajan:  
We have been steadily ramping up; to the market, whatever is required. We have actually come out 
with what is called as an S&OP for new process, which we have added into this so that the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors 
May 13, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
consumers are continuously connected into this. We are working very closely with all the suppliers 
so that we do not lose any productions., so that efficiency is also maintained. So, it is a constant 
growth which I am just seeing now.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, great. Kaleesh, one follow-up to you please. The other expenses, should we look at it as a 
percentage of sales? It has been holding around 12 to 13%. So, is that the right level to expect given 
your international expansions?  
Kaleeswaran Arunachalam:  That is right, Kapil. I think at this point of time, we should take it at that level. Considering there 
are growth aspirations plus brand building, aspirations that will continue via marketing investments 
also.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. Thank you. I will follow up on this.  
Raghunandhan:  
Thank you, given the paucity of time, that was the last question. Please note the IR team and 
management will be available offline to answer any questions. I now hand over to the management 
for closing remarks, please.  
Siddhartha Lal:  
Thank you all very much for attending. And looking forward to talking to you and seeing 
 
