 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
Regd. Office : GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000     Fax: +91-33-4050-7999    Email: info@gptgroup.co.in    Visit us: www.gpt infra.in 
 
 
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2022-23                                                                                            May 19, 2022 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                                  Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                           Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                                            Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on 16th May, 2022 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated 14th May, 2022, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call held on Monday, 16th May, 2022. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
 
 
 
A B Chakrabartty 
    (Company Secretary) 
Membership No.-F-7184 
Encl. – As Above 
ANATHA 
BANDHABA 
CHAKRABARTTY
Digitally signed by 
ANATHA BANDHABA 
CHAKRABARTTY 
Date: 2022.05.19 
14:59:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CFO, GPT 
INFRAPROJECTS 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of GPT Infraprojects Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia- Executive Director and CFO, GPT 
Infraprojects. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Atul Tantia: 
Good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to GPT Infraprojects Limited Q4 and 
full year ended March 31st, 2022, Earning Conference Call. The Result Presentation 
along with our Press Release has already been uploaded on our website and that of 
the stock exchanges as well. We hope that you have had a chance to go through the 
same over the weekend. 
Today on the call, we also with us Stellar IR, our Investor Relation Advisors. At the 
onset, we are extremely happy to announce that the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, 
has been one of the strongest quarters in the history of the company on back of strong 
execution, healthy cash flow due to realization of old receivables from customers 
leading to improvement in return ratios. 
We have always rewarded our shareholders on the back of strong performance and 
the board of directors have recommended to the shareholders a final dividend of Rs. 
1.5 per share which taken along with the interim dividend announced in February of 
this year, works out to be Rs. 3 per at the full year 2022, which is one of the highest 
ever dividend that we have declared. 
Now coming to our financial performance during the full year ended FY2022. Our 
revenue from operation came in at Rs. 669 crores as against Rs. 573 crores for the 
previous year which is the growth of almost 17% year-on-year. This was backed by a 
significant execution in the infrastructure segment. 
The standalone EBITDA for the full year stood at Rs. 88 crores as against Rs. 85 crores 
in FY2021. The EBITDA margins remains stable at 13.2% despite the headwinds in raw 
material prices and the EBITDA has been north of the 13% hurdle rate that we have 
set historically for ourselves. For the past year, the company has not only focused on 
operations, but it also insured that its cash management improves and as a result, we 
are happy to report a much stronger 20.2% year-on-year growth in the PAT at Rs. 24.7 
crores in FY2022 as against Rs. 20.6 crores in FY2021. 
Some of the key steps that have helped profitability were as follows: 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
We have been optimizing our working capital and in addition to focusing on reduction 
of the outstanding with various customers. We have been able to liquidate some of 
these old outstanding and trade receivables have come down by almost Rs. 20 crores. 
Most of the old receivables which were previously qualified by the auditors have 
realized and a small part has also been written off leading to an unqualified audit 
report by the auditors. 
One of the key highlights for the year has been a strong improvement in the cash flow 
from operations of Rs. 72.3 crores that is almost more than 80% of the EBITDA for the 
year driven by reduction in trade receivables and realization of old outstanding. This 
is also translated into reduction in borrowing by almost Rs. 10 crores for the year. As 
a result of this, we have an improving balance sheet leverage and generally a strong 
outlook for the company. 
Credit rating for the company has been recently upgraded to BBB+ by CRISIL which 
was informed to the stock exchanges in April 2022. 
Coming to the segmental performance: 
Our infrastructure segment displayed strong execution prowess for the full year 2022. 
During FY2022, the infrastructure segment witnessed a growth of 19.4% year-on-year 
to Rs. 573 crores. In the Q4 FY2022, the segments saw a growth of almost 29% year-
on-year to Rs. 273 crores which was backed by a strong pick up in execution activities. 
The segment continues to be a major part of the business contributing almost 85% of 
the entire revenues in FY2022 and 95% of the EBIT for the year. The order book for 
the segment stood at Rs. 1,549 crores. 
Now coming to the sleeper segment. Revenues for the segment came in at for Rs. 28 
crores for Q4 FY2022 and Rs. 101 crores for the full year FY2022. The muted 
performance of this segment can be attributed to the COVID related disruption in the 
South African business which has also resulted an impact on the margins as well. With 
normalcy retuning in the next couple of months, we expect the business to ramp up 
to the levels of previous year in the coming quarters. The order book in this segment 
were at Rs. 135 crores. In this segment, the company has also announced formation 
of a subsidiary in the Republic of Ghana to set up a concrete sleeper plant in that 
country. 
In fiscal FY2022, we have bagged order of Rs. 531 crores including incremental orders 
from the existing contracts and as of March 31, 2022, we have a healthy order book 
of Rs. 1,684 crores forming approximate 2.5x of our FY2022 trading 12 months 
revenues and this provides a good growth visibility for the company. Our current 
unexecuted order pipeline is at Rs. 1,684 crores and we believe that the government 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
investment in railways will enhance our eligibility capabilities and lead to company’s 
further growth with a good trajectory. 
Now let me share with you some key highlight and key contracts for the current fiscal: 
We are executing two major contracts for RVNL, which is a contract in Ghazipur and 
Mathura-Jhansi third line for RVNL. These contracts once completed will take us to 
the level of growth and will enable us to bid for contracts upto Rs. 1,000 crores from 
the current size of the ~Rs.700 crores. The execution of Ghazipur order is running 
smoothly and we expect the same to be completed by 2023. Similarly, Mathura-Jhansi 
is also running very smoothly, and we expect the same to be completed in the next 
calendar year. Both these contracts are running at an average quarterly run rate of 
almost Rs. 30-40 crores. In fact, from the Ghazipur contract we achieved revenue last 
year, for almost Rs. 125 crores and the Mathura-Jhansi contract revenue last year, 
for almost Rs. 85 crores. Like I said in last quarter, we have received contract for ROB 
on Byculla railway station was received in December. The operations have already 
started and given our past experience in constructing similar cable-stayed bridge in 
Burdwan, we expect the work to pickup soon. In the concrete sleeper segment the 
GMR contract continues to progress well, and we expect the contract to complete 
over the next six months and our receivables to significantly reduce, which will also 
contribute to reduction in the working capital cycle. With the budget having a strong 
focus on public capital expenditure especially towards our sector of operation and 
normalcy returning, we are confident enough to scale up our business going forward. 
We are continuously exploring new opportunities and expect to get projects keeping 
in mind the management disciplines of healthy margins in the range of 13-14%. 
Now before we move on to Q&A, let me take you through some key highlights for the 
sector: 
The CAPEX for FY2023 have been increased by 35% to Rs. 7.5 lakh crores which is 2x 
of FY2020 budget and it will account to 3% of India’s GDP. For railways the budget 
allocated Rs. 140,000 crores, which is the highest ever budgetary allocation for the 
railway sector. In the next three years, the government of India is planning to launch 
400 plus Vande Bharat trains in India and around 2000 km of network which we brought 
under the “Kavach” program. Safety of course is one of the major focus areas for the 
railways. The Railways is planning to construct new railway lines around 300 km and 
doubling of 1700 km of railway lines. 
In terms of state-wise allocation of the Indian railways  
Rs. 12,110 crores has been allocated to Madhya Pradesh where ongoing projects 
include 35 new line gauge conversion, doubling projects covering 6,104 km and 
costing Rs. 81,000 crores.  

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Rs. 11,903 has been allocated to the state of Maharashtra where ongoing projects 
include 35 new line, gauge conversion, doubling projects covering 6,142 km and 
costing Rs. 91,000 crores.  
Rs. 10,262 crores have been allocated to the state of West Bengal where ongoing 
projects include 53 new line, gauge conversion, doubling projects covering 4,400 km 
and costing Rs. 55,000 crores. 
Similarly, Rs. 9,700 crores has been allocated to state of Orissa, where ongoing 
projects is 37 new line, gauge conversion, doubling projects covering 4,600 km 
amounting Rs. 65,000 crores.  
With this, I will ask the moderator to open the floor to any question and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the questions and answers session. The first 
question is from the line Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, my first question, this is a critical year for the two big projects, RVNL projects 
that we are concluding, I think both projects put together should probably contribute 
Rs. 150-200 crores to the revenue. Once that is done, you have addressed some big 
projects coming up in the pipeline too. But if you could help us in terms of what is 
the near-term prospects of orders that you could win because last year, I understand 
that we had dip in terms of order inflow in comparison to what we did in FY2021, is 
there any thought given on what should be the order intake in this year, how is the 
execution going to see in FY2023 as well as in FY2024? 
Atul Tantia: 
Our order book, like I said in my opening remarks is at Rs. 1,684 crores. The two 
contract that you mentioned Ghazipur, and Mathura-Jhansi contributed in FY2022 at 
Rs. 210 crores to be precise in terms of their contribution to the revenue of Rs. 670 
crores. The unexecuted portion for those two contracts are part of Rs. 1,684 crores, 
obviously last year there was a dip in terms of the new order inflows from Rs. 932 
crores in FY2021 to Rs. 531 crores in FY2022, a Rs. 400 crores dip. We expect to have 
a better strike rate in FY2023, because FY2022, due to COVID, the central government 
had relaxed the earnest money criteria for most of the tenders and they have 
withdrawn the relaxation of earnest money as it had led to unhealthy bidding 
discipline. However, as we as the management have been always saying this and are 
very conscious of the hurdle rate of EBITDA that we bid for in terms of contracts and 
that is why we were happy to not get contracts which were below our hurdle rate in 
terms of EBITDA level. With this easement of restriction now being removed from 
January 1, 2022, we are seeing the new tenders having lesser competition. So, we 
expect the tendering part to do much better this year. In terms of target to get new 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
orders, obviously, we expect to maintain the 2.5x times FY2023 revenue when we 
close FY2023. That has always been historically what we do target at, so I think that 
FY2023, we should close with an order book of close to Rs. 2,200 crores. We are 
targeting a new order into almost Rs. 1,000-1,200 crores inflow this year. We were 
biding, for single order of almost Rs. 300-400 crores as we speak often maybe we are 
biding, for couple of large order as well. So let us see how that converts. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Yes, once these two critical projects is completed, you will be prequalified to do the 
bigger ticket projects. 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, we will be qualified to do even Rs. 1,000 bridges but now we are in joint venture 
with someone we are actually biding for a Rs. 1,000 crores bridge on a Rs. 950 crores 
bridge. So, we are bidding for larger bridges projects are well. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Okay, second question is on the margin’s part, I understand across the industry there 
is this hardening of input prices which is denting into the margins, we could see that 
in Q4 FY2022, your results as well. Can you give us some color on how this will shape 
up in the future quarters to come by and are we building in this kind of insulation 
mechanisms in the new order inflow? 
Atul Tanita: 
All of our contracts whether it is in the infrastructure segment or whether in the 
sleeper segment have a price escalation formula. Having said that some of these 
indices how they do move, I am sure that you are aware, have some lag in terms of 
when the indices actually reflect the actual market rates. So that is why the margins 
are slightly subdued, reflecting the lag because you are accruing as RBI indices, WPI 
or whatever it is. Every contract has their own indices. So, I think that in terms of 
contingency or building in terms of new biding discipline, we are definitely conscious 
of the fact that due to this the working capital cycle has got stretched because the 
input prices have gone up. We are obviously factoring that in when we are biding and 
our biding discipline has been quite strong, if you see, never in the last 10 years our 
EBITDA has not dipped below 13%. Even in this year, for the full year EBITDA is north 
of 13%. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Finally, if I may ask you one more question, to do with the South Africa business as 
such, help us understand what those numbers would like especially on their share of 
associate profit that sustainable number could possibly be seen in FY2023. 
Atul Tantia: 
The South Africa does not come as share of associate profit; South Africa is a 
subsidiary so what you are referring to is Namibia. Namibia comes a share associate 
profit. So, Namibia has done the highest ever revenue in the history of that associate 
of almost 94 million Rands which translates to almost to Rs. 50 crores. This financial 
year, also we expect a similar performance from that associate. That has done 
superbly well, we have given dividend to the parent company and the other 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
shareholders as well and they have been able to keep a check on the costs and have 
a good EBITDA as well as profit margins to that. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, I understand they are doing concrete sleeper business and this number that is Rs. 
5 crores contribution to this line item is sustainable and secular in nature. Is that my 
reading, right? 
Atul Tantia: 
Rs. 5 crores is actually net off the loss in South Africa. Regarding Rs. 5 crores being 
sustainable number honestly, the sustainable number is Rs. 3 crores. But having said, 
if it was Rs. 3 crores then obviously, the results above it include a loss for the 
operations in South Africa due to the COVID-related shutdown in South Africa. If I 
were to do only Rs. 3 crores from that associate in Namibia then my number above it 
would be much higher. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, my first question is on the revenue guidelines for the FY2023 and the EBITDA 
margin, I joined the call late, so sorry I am repeating that. 
Atul Tantia: 
In terms of revenue guidance, we expect a revenue growth of almost 15-20% CAGR 
over the next three years and EBITDA margin would be, we have always maintained 
our EBITDA hurdle rate of 13%, so it will be north of 13% in terms of EBITDA. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So, you think this EBITDA margin for this quarter was at blip and that will get back to 
13%. 
Atul Tantia: 
If you heard the previous call the person who asked the question from Antique, Mr. 
Rohit. I think that across the industry this quarter due to the commodity price there 
has been a dip in the margins because the RBI indices do not immediately translate 
in terms of the actual prices. It might a one month or two months drag on the indices 
when they are published. So that is why the margins for quarter have been slightly 
dipped. But overall, for the year we are north of 13% anyway. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So how much is cost inflation you have seen for the orders executing in percentages 
terms? 
Atul Tantia: 
It depends on when they were or so, if I were to compare the orders of bagged three 
years ago. Then may be today it would be a 25-30% in terms of where the base price 
is. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Coming on the order inflow, I think we are targeting Rs. 1,200 crores order inflow for 
FY2023. Is this primarily from railway or there is something we are looking from the 
other sectors, if I am correct, I think you are targeting a respective to? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Atul Tantia: 
So, we are doing railways we are also doing MORTH contracts but primarily bridges, I 
would say not primarily railways, the bridges whether it is MORTH railways and NHAI 
and other PSU or the central governments especially. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And Sir you mentioned about the biding parameters, the guarantees and another 
things, are going back to the original level. Is it true for across all the segments or is 
it you are talking mainly about railways and have you seen the competition going back 
to the earlier level or you still think the competition is still slightly higher compared 
to let say. 
Atul Tantia: 
I think that now the competition will ease out because early without the biding, the 
earnest money deposits, there were lot of competition we were seeing from tenders 
having even 30 odd bids which is quite unhealthy, but now I think it will be back to 
the 6-7 bids that is normally there. 
Mohit Kumar: 
When you say railways are doing mean only ministry of railway or all the RVNL, IRCON 
orders everything put together. 
Atul Tantia: 
We do cross the PSU as well including RVNL, IRCON RITES, other branches as well not 
just the ministry of railways. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Lastly Sir, are you trying to build some more capabilities for enhancing your EPC 
offering for in medium term. 
Atul Tantia: 
We have done a joint venture with the French company to rehabilitate a bridge over 
Hooghly in Calcutta, second Hooghly bridge. So, we are exploring new offerings 
whether to rehabilitate bridges which are quite old, that is Rs. 160 crore contract for 
us. We are also doing some other industrial works water pumping stations in the likes 
which should improve our EPC offerings as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinita Pandya, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinita Pandya: 
I just wanted to know in the presentation you mentioned debt reductions and a 
reduction in booking capital debts. If there would not be any further improvement in 
this and what would be the targets you think? 
Atul Tantia: 
Last year, we have done a debt reduction of Rs. 10 crores and that is FY2022 and this 
year the target is reduce debt by almost Rs. 15 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is line of Sandeep Shah, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, your press release talks about setting up of a subsidiary in Ghana, so can you 
please elaborate on like what is this for and give some more details about this? 
Atul Tantia: 
Along the lines of South Africa and Namibia, the company is exploring to setup a 
concrete sleeper plant in Ghana and that is why the press release mentions that the 
board has approved the formation of a subsidiary in Ghana to set up a concrete 
sleeper plant. We are on the verge of finalizing the contract in Ghana, once that is 
finalized then we will obviously inform the stock exchanges and the public at large in 
terms of once the subsidiary is able to get the contract and that would entail setting 
up for concrete sleeper plant in Ghana on a single like we have done in South Africa 
and Namibia. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Another question is that you witnessed highest ever kind of run rate in the 
infrastructure segment. So can we assume this run rate to continue in the coming 
quarter as well. 
Atul Tantia: 
The fourth quarter of every financial year has some better run rate given the 
government’s focus on the capital outlay, capital expenditure as well. So, the run 
rate of fourth quarter cannot be assumed to the carried forward in Q1, Q2, and Q3. 
Having said that, like I said to one of the previous questions in terms of guidance, I 
think that we expect a 15%-20% CAGR in terms of growth and that is something that 
we would expect across all the four quarters rather than just being bundled up in the 
last quarter as such. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kalpesh Parikh from JSM Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
Sir, I have couple of question, one mainly on the business model particularly on the 
infra side, are we working something on this bullet train project or something like 
that as well apart from the Bharatmala and PMGSY scheme? 
Atul Tantia: 
We are not having contract for the bullet train, primarily L&T has most of those 
contracts. We are doing our contracts for DFCC, we are doing metro contracts but not 
on the bullet train. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
Okay, but is there any opportunity for us to do something? 
Atul Tantia: 
We have bid for one or two contracts we have not been successful, but we have bid 
for one or two bridges contract there but not been successful. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
Okay on the sleeper segment side is it very competitive among the peers as such. Is 
there any opportunity for us to improve upon the margins in that way? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Atul Tantia: 
So. the sleeper actually how the margin is getting reported and is that at EBIT level 
the margin is lower but sleeper segment due to contracts in GMR it will carry a much 
higher depreciation because we generally like to depreciate the contract, the civil 
works and plants and building over the life of that particular contract. So, that is why 
since the GMR contract is coming to close to the nest 6-8 months that is carrying a 
higher depreciation. So, the number that is reported in terms of margin is EBIT. So, 
depreciation is getting charged quite a lot on the sleeper contract. At the EBITDA 
level the sleeper is also having of margin of almost 13-13.5%. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
And all this lockdown in South Africa which had impacted us in FY2022 all that thing 
is behind now, probably situation has started unfolding for us in that geography. 
Atul Tantia: 
In terms of lockdown, it has eased out, but we are working with South African railway 
which is Transnet Freight Rail they have had their own issues, many of their employee 
have unfortunately passed away in COVID. So, there is some change in the leadership 
there. So that is why they are taking some time in terms of releasing of the orders. 
We expect them also get streamed at in the next couple of months and then the 
operation should resume. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
And Sir what are the CAPEX requirement for us in the next couple of years? 
Atul Tantia: 
CAPEX requirement other than this Ghana which I was answering during the earlier 
question would be in the range of Rs. 20-25 crores. 
Kalpesh Parikh: 
Sir that would be funded internally right, we do not need any money, it would be 
working capital funding only. 
Atul Tantia: 
We do take some equipment finance but that is very small portion. Our total 
equipment finance as on March 3, 2022, is about Rs. 8-9 crores not a very significant 
amount. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sadanan Shetty from True Equity 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
We have noticed in this particular month there was a huge volume in public market 
got traded substantially had volume, any new strategic partners have come in that 
you are aware of it? 
Atul Tantia: 
I am saying that there is no strategic partner that is coming into the business. The 
promoter is continuing to hold 75% shareholding and if the trading volumes increase 
or decrease depends on the market how they see the sector and the company as such. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
May 16, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Sadanan Shetty:  
No not at all, this is pretty unusual and very high almost 2-3% of the data backing the 
capital in few days, if not strategic any large investor that something you are aware 
of it. 
Atul Tantia: 
There is no large investor that has come in, it is well diversified holding that is why 
no large investors that is there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Atul Tantia for closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you moderator once again. So, thank you everyone for participating in our Q4 
FY2022 Earning Conference Call and the for the full year end of March 31, 2022. In 
case if you have any further question, you may get in touch with IR teams Stellar 
Relations or appreciate to get in touch with us directly. I hope you all are staying 
safe. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GPT Infraprojects Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now discount your lines.  
