 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai  - 400 706 
CIN: U65100MH2007PLC171959 
Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000, website: www.finobank.com 
 
 
 
 
 
May 21, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001          
(Scrip Code: 543386) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
(Symbol:  FINOPB) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on May 17, 2022 - 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts on May 17, 2022 
 
In continuation of our letter dated May 12, 2022 and May 16, 2022, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on May 17, 2022. 
 
Only information available in public domain was given to the investors/analysts. 
 
This information is also available on the website of the Bank i.e. www.finobank.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Encl: a/a 

 
 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Results Conference Call” 
 
 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
 
1. Mr. Rishi Gupta – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
2. Mr. Ketan Merchant – Chief Financial Officer 
3. Mr. Sayantan Mitra – Investor Relations 
 
 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good morning. I am Diksha the Moderator for this conference. 
Welcome to the conference call of Fino Payments Bank Limited arranged by Concept Investor 
Relations to discuss its Q4 and FY22 Results. We have with us today Mr. Rishi Gupta 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ketan Merchant – Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Sayantan Mitra -- Investor Relations. At this moment, all participant are in the 
listen-only mode later we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time if you have 
any question, please press “*” followed by “1”on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. At this time, I now hand the conference to Mr. Rishi Gupta – 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you Diksha. Good morning and good afternoon to all analyst and investor who have 
joined us on the call today. Thank you for taking the time out to attend the Fino Payments 
Bank Quarter 4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. Our growth trajectory continues and has been 
the trend over the last two years of profitability. Q4FY22 has been our best our quarters and 
like other financial years, FY22 was the best financial year ever for Fino. However, there were 
few special achievements for Fino Payments Bank in this financial year and that I would like 
to make special mention of.  
 
Our intent in current and savings accounts offering was to offer a neighborhood bank account 
to every Indian at the last mile, with convenience, service emphasis and profitability. In FY22, 
we opened 2 million plus accounts and crossed Rs.100 crores of revenue landmark during the 
year. Being a bank that does not offer FDs and RDs in any loan products to its customer, this 
milestone is a significant achievement for us. Similarly, when we started our payment services 
business, which we call as cash management services, we wanted to digitize cash at every 
nook and corner of the country. Our problem statement was the cash on ground waiting to be 
digitized. When we started, we never realized the gravity of the problem statement to 
corporates across different sectors and the working capital stretch they had to incur because of 
the same. Couple of years down the line this business has become a major value driver for Fino 
Bank, even when bigger commercial banks dominate the space at lower take rates than us.  
 
As we speak the gross and net revenue from CMS in the second half of FY22 is higher than the 
full year of FY21 number. Journey of CMS started with customer profiles being predominantly 
across banks, MFIs and the NBFC sector. But now, Fino Bank has evolved and has 131 clients 
as at March 2022 and across sectors like logistics, ecommerce, cab aggregators and more. To 
give a perspective, in March 2021 the business had 96% of income coming from banks, MFIs 
and NBFCs. In March 2022, we have 70% coming from banks, NBFCs and MFIs led by 
diversification and the super potential that multiple other industries have in cash digitization.  
 
Value creation is a corner stone of our product innovation philosophy. We monitor innovation 
by competition continuously and also have an active feet-on-street team on the ground. We 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
have created pioneering products in the space, scaled them up to sizeable levels and broken 
even as well. There are very few companies in India today that generate 1,000 crore plus top 
line from core payment business only. We are proud we could achieve this within 5 years of 
our coming to existence and that too on a sustainable profitable basis. Other parameters at a 
whole bank level continue to exhibit stand out performance for Fino Payments Banks. I will 
leave the quarterly numbers to be taken by Ketan, my CFO.  
 
I would want to take the opportunity to highlight some strategic key indictors and my vision 
that will shape up Fino Bank’s future in the next couple of years.  
 
Customer ownership: I mentioned in my previous call as well that this is the basis on which 
we are building our organization and leveraging our network for future cross sell opportunities. 
As I mentioned earlier, we have opened more than 2 million bank accounts in FY22.  
 
Customer loyalty: It is the key to any bank and so it is to Fino. Revenue from renewal of 
CASA, an indicator of long term association of customers with us, was up 74% year-on-year 
from ₹ 36.6 crores in FY21. The subscription business has now started generating renewal 
income like in annuity product and going forward there will be compounding multiplier effect 
coming into play. We have already started to see this in this year.  
 
Alternate channels: Spends on debit cards are growing rapidly at both throughput as well as 
unit level. Throughput on debit card in FY22 is up 83% year-on-year to nearly ₹ 4,000 crores 
while average spends per transaction moved up by 72% year-on-year to roughly about Rs. 
2,700.  
 
Digital journey: This is something which I made special mention in my last call as well. This 
is the journey which will continue to build over the next few quarters and years to come. Our 
digital throughput is at ₹ 18,393 crores for FY22, nearly 10% of the overall throughput for the 
year. This is also the use case on which the entire Fino 2.0 journey will hinge on. On a 
strategic basis we are steadily investing in technology and digital tools and creating human 
capital to build a sustainable digital model.  
 
Cross sell: Although we are at a very early stage and our loan cross sell portfolio is just scaling 
up rapidly, our unit economics has already started to improve with an average loan of about 
from Rs. 5,200 in October 2021 to nearly Rs. 7,600 in Mar-22, a jump of nearly 45%.  
 
I would also like to explain that on micro-ATM and AePS throughputs, although we have 
remained largely flat in the last quarter, it generates enough footfall to result in a higher CASA 
conversion and a higher throughput through the CASA accounts. Some of our throughput 
which was coming through micro-ATM and AePS as off-us business has now started to be 
recognized under CASA head due to the conversion from off-us to on-us.  
 
All of the above combined will form the foundation of our digital foray. Our digital strategy 
will be very different as compared to what we commonly see and hear across fintechs. We are 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
already executing the vision of new banking as a service models through our proprietary 
savings account and offers businesses. Our segment of customers is gradually getting into the 
grove of self-banking though a majority still continues to be on assisted banking. As you 
would recall, we had spoken about Phygital, i.e. access to physical as well as digital. I think 
Fino has created that model in which we are providing assisted as well as digital services. Our 
digital strategy will be to provide another option to the customers of the banks. This is how we 
will evolve into an omni-channel bank. In all of this our focus will continue to remain on 
transaction business.  
 
Here again as I said it is a process of investment and enhancing the base in FY23 to facilitate 
higher customer penetration and experience. Benefits of which will be witnessed from FY24 
onwards. We are also happy to welcome our Chief Digital Officer – Tejas Maniar. A few of 
you have interacted with him in our one-on-one interactions. He comes with the fabulous track 
record of building digital stack at HDFC Bank and IDFC Bank and more importantly, made it 
a success story there as well. I would also like to mention that we have made an array into 
strategic partnership with Paysprints. The partnership with Paysprint is expected to synergize 
on a host of financial and non-financial use cases for the emerging India customers through the 
API plug-ins to build the banking digital platform. This will not only result in attracting more 
customers into the funnel but will also help in deepening engagement with existing customers.  
 
We have also received the approval from Reserve Bank of India for International remittances, 
pilot launch is already done, basis learning full-fledged allowance is expected between July 
and August. Some of our other products like fixed deposits, mutual funds and demat accounts 
have received approval from RBI in the last quarter. We are expected to go live between 
Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 this year. As a strategic sum up, I want to mention that our endeavor is 
to continue to strive on growth, products of CASA and CMS and thereby create platform for 
customer ownerships, leveraging and cross selling and simultaneously investing in technology 
and digital in FY23-24 to ensure that we are ahead of the curve for customer transition into a 
digital and a profitable digital bank. With that, I would now like to pass on the forum to Ketan 
our CFO. He will take you through the financials in detail.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you Rishi. Ladies and gentlemen good morning and good afternoon to all of you 
wherever you are. Let me begin first by congratulating all our teams on a remarkable land 
mark of crossing Rs.1,000 crore revenue. When we started this journey we had our ambitions, 
but the way the growth has essentially happened on a steady basis is something that all of us 
are proud. We have several underlying contributors who have piloted this achievement for us 
to begin with our merchants, our teams and our loyal customers. With this, I directly come to 
the barometers and the numbers which you all should take note of. In FY22 our throughput 
grew by 41% YoY to touch 1.87 lakh crores which is more than USD 24 million. Digital is 
something which Rishi earlier mentioned as well our UPI throughput now contributes 10% of 
the overall throughput. Full year revenue has grown by 28%, EBITDA grew by 62% and PAT 
grew by 10% YoY. Operating leverage is also playing its place, if we see revenue per 
employee that is increased to Rs.3.5 million per employee revenue per employee which is an 
18% growth. EBITDA margin crossed 10% for the first time it was at 10.3% for the quarter. 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
PAT margins for the quarter were around 6.2%. CASA and CMS which are our growth 
products have had revenue mix of 17.3% in FY22 vis-a-vis 11.4% in the previous year. 
Revenue on CASA in FY22 grew by 96% and CMS grew by 91%. On an overall basis and as 
we said revenue growth of 28% cost growth is around 12% this is overhead which we are 
looking at. Earlier, I definitely mentioned about operating leverage and how it has played to.  
 
Here we will have to be cognizant that in recent times we were also hit by some inflation and 
some competition as well. However, in FY22 a good cost control, the revenue drivers of 
CASA and CMS which generate margins in excess of 40% has resulted in substantial growth 
in EBITDA and PAT, 62% and 109%, respectively. Now let me just give you a perspective of 
FY23. Rishi mentioned about the strategy and the vision which we are running with. Coming 
to FY23 what should be the drivers which we are looking at? We continue to have our pre-
owned customer ownership. Yes, acquiring new CASA is something which is there on our 
radar and that will help us in long term with the cross selling avenues as well. Second aspect 
CMS again a growth driver in FY22 and will continue for FY23 as well.  
 
For our transaction and legacy business as we have mentioned earlier we used them as a 
footfall to convert customer into our own customer and thereby create a platform. One point 
which I also wanted to mention out here is we are investing into digital; we are investing into 
technology and marketing as well. So, there will definitely be investments which will happen 
in these three aspects. However, our lean model is our USP and in the long run our endeavor 
continues to ensure that we can innovate through technology investment and to ensure that we 
stick to the commitment of ROE which we have made during the road shows.  
 
Our core business continuous to grow I have dovetailed the products which will be growing 
and that will help us to invest into the new growing digital era which we are looking at as well. 
Some interesting trend which I will just show and these are part of our presentation as well. In 
the hinterlands of India, which we have tried to cover in the section, 6 districts of Bihar 
combined to digitized more cash through CMS in FY22 than the entire state of UP and this is 
the data which we have essentially produced.  
 
Around 9 states are now doing excess of Rs.100 crore worth of cash digitalization. This is what 
we are essentially saying that how we are digitizing cash and bringing a wider array of 
customers into our domain. We have spoken about micro ATM and AePS as well. We are 
using these as a channel to have our own customers. If we see AePS industry is overall 5x of 
the size of the micro-ATM industry and is growing fast. Our analytics team has worked out 
that AePS transactions tend to have a better positive correlation to CASA conversion. In FY22 
29 states have had a positive correlation of AePS to CASA conversion while 14 states had a 
positive correlation from micro-ATM to CASA conversion. We have been speaking about 
CASA we have spoken about how we create an annuity income. So, now let me just go into 
how do we go about renewal, this is something which we have been asked in the past and we 
are using a scientific method of doing it out.  

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Coming to some insights of renewal we have seen higher propensity of renewals when the 
average balancing saving account is greater than 122. In such a scenario renewal rate is 77%. If 
the average balance is more than Rs. 447 the renewal rate increases to 87%. Renewal ratios for 
accounts maintaining a little lower account balance between Rs.122 to 447 is at 59%. 
However, even in this bracket the customer who transact more than thrice in a year have a 
higher propensity of renewals. The long and short of it that the subscription base and the 
annuity income which we have created of we are working on an analytics tool to ensure that 
we target the right customers at the right time.  
 
To sum it up our vision for Fino 2.0 will be to leverage existing footfalls generated by our 
matured businesses like remittance, micro ATMs and AEPS and convert them to Fino Bank 
subscription model for which I just said. Around 88% of our new account sources are now 
subscription account. These account will generate an annuity like renewal revenue each year 
which we have explained earlier, but more importantly this is the just the point of customer 
ownership and it is the beginning of our customer ownership and thereafter we can dovetail 
other new products, the loan referrals and other products which we are doing.  
 
Cross sell will also come into the foray in later part or the end of FY23. Through our analytics, 
as I have mentioned, all of this is being monitored. We have got approvals of new products 
from the RBI whether it is international remittance, FD and loans and mutual funds as well. 
We will be launching them in a phased manner as Rishi had earlier mentioned. Overall, we 
seem to be confident of our business and however we will also be cautious towards our rising 
cost. With this, I will open the floor and will go back to the moderator for a Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions first is on the competition so recently we have heard about one of the 
payment banks at least giving very aggressive targets about how they are going to grow in the 
country etcetera. So, if you can talk about that from your perspective and secondly on the 
international remittance business. So, I wanted to understand that since a larger part of your 
geographical expanse is more towards West to probably Central to North India, do you think 
for international remittance you may have to expand to newer geographies from where people 
mostly migrate abroad for work, so just wanted to understand your strategy on the international 
remittance bit and the competition? 
Rishi Gupta: 
On the payments bank competition, what we are hearing is from other payment bank as well. 
See I think the growth of payments bank has been quite phenomenal in the last couple of years 
and the payments banks which you are referring to is already a Telco led payments bank. So, 
they have lot of customers who are already on to their platform somewhere around maybe 25 
to 30 crore customers who are already on the Telco platform. So, from a competition point of 
view we have been with them facing competition for the last two years. In fact lot of products 
which we offer like CMS, CASA, remittances we are much ahead of them in micro ATMs, 
AePS we are much ahead of them in all those products, where they score better allowances on 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
the bill payment site which is largely recharges and DTH payment which is the core platform 
usage as well from a Telco point of view. So, personally I also believe that with the 
competition coming up especially from established players like the one you referred or even 
with bigger banks. We are only covering portion of the customers who need access to better 
banking services with more players coming in the access will become better this people will 
move away from going to branches and ATMs and will come to merchant networks for doing 
transactions and doing banking. So, while the competition will definitely heat up over a period 
of time, but we at Fino have been at it and especially on some products we are ahead of the 
competition concerned. On your second on international remittances, we are actually quite 
active in all the geographies from where international remittances come into you have 
geographies like Gujarat, you have geographies in Kerala, part of Bihar, UP so there we have 
already a very active, Punjab, where we have a very active base. So, our merchant expansion 
obviously we will continue to expand in identifying specific merchant who can do 
international remittance, but our presence is already there and we do not need to expand too 
much to gain a higher share on international remittances as we go forward with that product.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Do you also have plans of expanding toward Southern India or something like that because I 
mean just if you think about it most people is from the Southern India who will probably 
migrate to Middle East or something for work like that who will use international remittance 
so that is where I was coming from? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on Southern India Kerala is one of the biggest markets for international remittance largely 
coming from UAE as such. We already have a very deep presence in Kerala both on our own 
network as well as on the BPCL network plus we have also seen a big growth coming in some 
of the other states like Tamil Naidu and Karnataka which we started only couple of years back. 
So, South is around 15% of our overall number for FY22. We expect the South business will 
definitely grow as our expansion on the employee as well as on the net worth continues in this 
year. As far as international remittance is concerned we are already as I mentioned well present 
on the Kerala side. 
Ketan Merchant: 
On your point in terms of newer geographies I should reckon that we are definitely expanding 
into new geographies. Our feet on street the increase which essentially happens is largely into 
these geographies which we are looking at. We have also seen a 58% kind of a merchant 
growth which Rishi earlier eluded to. So, irrespective of international remittances, but we are 
increasing the footprint in the geographies like South and East as well.  
Modrator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rahul Maheshwari from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Two questions, Rishi can you give as you have mentioned that end-to-end customer digital 
journey will be the crucial part in the Fino 2.0, so can you give some example within your 
entire transition how the next level of growth would be panning out keeping the customer 
ownership which is the core focus on the cross sell and second question is also on the 
subscription kick in you have given a breakup that on an average SA balance, how much the 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
renewal rate is there, but can you give what is the subscription charges which the Fino is 
charging that would be helpful? 
Rishi Gupta: 
On the digital journey Fino has an edge over everybody else when it comes to this segment of 
customers and this geographies which are concerned. Largely you have seen there are digital 
companies who do transaction so people who already have money into the bank as such, but 
Fino which through its unique model which is the Phygital model. We are able to digitize cash 
as well as do transaction on the digital platform about four months back, five months back we 
actually relaunched our FinoPay app with the completely new avatar and we are seeing good 
results coming out of that that new launch which has happened. What we believe is that a 
customer is already coming to us through a micro-ATM or AePS becomes a Fino customers 
when they open up a savings account with us. So, once you opened up a saving accounts we 
actually motivate them through our merchant and through our direct engagement channels that 
you download our FinoPay app and start using it. You can see the UPI numbers growing to 
nearly Rs.18,000 crores and 10% of the transaction volume for Fino in FY22. So, once you 
open up our FinoPay account then we motivate them multiple nudges to use UPI as an overall 
platform. We have also seen that a customer who uses UPI actively is able to also renew our 
subscription is renewal subscription rate is far higher on that. So, once our savings account is 
opened or FinoPay app is downloaded then we push in through the UPI platform and then over 
a period of time the cross sell which is expected through mutual funds, digital gold, FDs and 
some of the other products which we are going to launch will help us in gaining a higher 
pocket of his business through the FinoPay app as well as the physical network which we have 
created. So, our journey is unique from starting from physical to digital and helping and 
handling the customer both on assisted as well as on the digital side. So, this is a broad digital 
journey which we envisage for a customer from physical access to our saving account to cross 
sell on to multiple products. As I mentioned earlier in my last call we have been quite active on 
the payment side on multiple payment products, we have a full bouquet of products on the 
liability side with now FD also coming in that will plug that gap, on lending already we have 
launched our products with the consumer as well as on the merchant loan and finally on 
investments now we received approvals over and above insurance we can do mutual funds and 
digital gold. All of these product will be sold through the digital services and through the 
digital platform which Fino is creating and the uniqueness, Rahul, is the assisted as well as 
ability to handle cash on the ground.  
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Just a follow up on this as you mentioned that the two basic products like micro ATMs or 
direct money transfer or Aadhar enabled how much customers are getting converted into the 
CASA and the CMS, can you give some convergent rate and because from there onwards are 
finding that these are the products where the starting point for the process start takes place? 
Rishi Gupta: 
When we started about couple of years back on this conversion of AePS and micro ATM we 
could see a conversion around 0.25% to 0.5% customers who are working into doing 
transaction are getting converted. Right now we actually hit a peak of about 2.5 lakh accounts 
in the month of January and we opened a nearly 6.75 lakh accounts in the last quarter which 
has been the highest and in previous and quarter before that we had about 5.15 so 5.15 we went 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
to 6.75 lakh accounts in a quarter so roughly I would say anywhere between 1 to 1.25% of 
customers who are walking in roughly 2 crore to 2.5 crores customers walk in to our platforms 
every month. So, about the percentage 1.25% is the conversion from walk in’s to our platform.  
Rahul Maheshwari: 
And just a follow up on this Rishi that once they have opened the basic CASA and cash 
management services how much that is getting converted into the loan referrals or the other 
higher products which you are envisaging? 
Rishi Gupta: 
When a customer opens up an account we have seen that the transaction volumes definitely 
jumps up and we not only make money from the subscription revenue, but the usage on the 
ecommerce, the uses on the cost of the EBITDA as well as some other income which we are 
able to generate we are able to make money. Our customer account conversion from FinoPay 
account is very low as of now because we have just started the product about a quarter back. 
Give us another 6 months and we will be able to give you a better idea in terms of how much is 
the conversion on that account.  
Ketan Merchant: 
On your subscription based question I think I will just draw attention to slide 32 which 
essentially shows how our subscription revenue is flowing both on new subscription and 
renewal. So, to answer your point what is the charges which we take from the customer we 
have various terrains of products which we have Shubh, which is the highest variant we are 
charging around Rs. 449 and then there are two other variants wherein we charge Rs.359 to Rs. 
250. On an average given the weightage of all these products together our collection our 
charges would be anywhere in the range of Rs.410 to Rs.430. How does it essentially works is 
as I had mentioned this was a very high yielding margins and it is somewhere in our notes also 
we have said that when a customer comes for renewal in the year two onwards the cost 
essentially is lower we may not have to pay the margin back. So, of this 449 assuming we are 
going for Shubh account renewal our margins generally comes to around 60%, 70% which 
means 70% of Rs. 449 is where we have a residual thing and we do not have any cost to be 
incurred. Also you asked an earlier question in terms of correlation between the conversions 
what we have said in earlier as well, our analytics team has worked out that AEPS customers 
have the highest propensity to convert into a CASA. Thereafter it is remittance and micro 
ATM. So, when we are targeting these customers it is these analytical tool which we are 
essentially using it off and in certain cases it is also geographical specific as well based on the 
demographic and the behavior which India at large is doing. So, that is how we attempt to 
target a subscription revenue for the renewal as well as the new subscription.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, just two broad question on this strategy side let us say we are embarking this journey of 
building a digital platform, but in that case let us say the existing merchant network what we 
have as on date of around 10 lakh merchants. So, incrementally how one should look at the 
mix of let us say a Phygital work is digital because I strongly believe that this physical model 
will help us to let us say bring the customer on our platform and individual platform will help 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
us on cross selling on leveraging that customer base, so what are the products we have in our 
minds when it comes to cross sell and what are the traction of the trajectory as on March’22? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, as I mentioned earlier with Rahul he asked similar question in terms of so you are 
absolutely right. Physical is our core strength we will continue to add merchants nearly we 
added three and a half lakh merchants in this year and we expect to add similar numbers more 
in FY23 as well and that is the USP which gives us the edge over everybody else who are 
looking at getting into this space for this customer segment. If I come to our incremental mix 
between the physical and digital right now as you know we have just started the journey our 
UPI throughput numbers have become 10% obviously UPI throughput does not give us 
revenue as such from the fact that you cannot charge on the UPI throughput, but the fact that 
the UPI throughput also results in higher customer retention, it also results in a more stickiness 
for us and also higher subscription renewal as such. So, on the digital products we do not have 
a mix in mind right now that what mix we are going to we are pushing on both the sides. You 
can say that we understand the physical business far more because that has been our business 
in the last 10 years, 15 year. Digital is something which we are learning as we are building up 
on the model. We are building up the team, we have as I mentioned we have achieved digital 
office now and the team is getting build up. We relaunched our Fino BPay app as FinoPay app. 
We are pushing and doing nudges on digital platform, some of the products which I mentioned 
earlier especially the ones which you have got approval is with the mind to push that on the 
digital side itself. So, products like FDs like even we started CMS on Fino Pay so anybody 
wants to pay money, but cannot go to a merchant point he can directly pay through the CMS 
platform which we have put on the Fino Pay app. So, all FDs, mutual funds, digital gold, 
demat account is something which we believe can be rolled on to the digital platform and it is a 
platform where people can do it yourself. The biggest advantage Renish we have over 
everybody else is again our ability to digitize cash and that is something which we are very 
cognizant of we are aware of it and that is something we will continue to build as we go 
forward in the next couple of years.  
Renish Bhuva: 
Just a follow up on that so again like when we are building the product portfolio of course we 
will be keeping in mind the kind of customer base we have let us say more of a rural  kind of a 
customer segment. Of course, we are digitizing the cash, but I mean do we have any customer 
suggesting these people are also using the any of the digital transaction mode maybe UPI or 
whatever because I have my doubt whether these customer base will be able to operate on their 
own when it comes to the digital platform? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Renish I the data think can show more than anything else we have 10% of our volumes coming 
from UPI which was barely a couple of percentage about a year, year and a half back and the 
growth is there while I agree with you is that if we look at the full customer segment which is 
around 50 crore, 60 crore of people in this segment both in rural India as well as rural in urban 
India. I would still say that maybe the top 20% around that percentage would be people who 
are migrating into or moving and adopting digital. One should not forget that the younger age 
population which is about 16, 17 who are getting into mainstream over the next couple of years 
are fully aware of the digital channels. We in fact seen Facebook, Instagram and as in fact 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
received people writing in on Twitter as well. So, people are using social media, people are 
actually using YouTube and thanks to all the data which has become available at cheap rate. 
The usage of smart phones have substantially gone up, but I agree that not all 100% of the 
customers would be into digital foray because digital is not about having a smart phone only. It 
is also about having cash in the bank and the comfort of digital transaction, but still I believe 
the top may be 20% of the customers would have aspirations to get into digital and pay 
through QR and other services. So, QR is something which we are also focusing quite a bit we 
have also launched our QR based payments with select merchants as well in the last quarter or 
so. So, we are aware of the fact that not everybody but some portion and we come with a 
philosophy of the customer making the final choice whether he wants to come to a merchant 
network or through a BPCL outlet or Fino branch or through a digital platform. So, let us make 
all choices available to the customer and let them decide which is more convenient and easy 
for them.  
Renish Bhuva: 
Let us say 60% of the business which is from micro-ATMs, AePS and remittance, so what is 
the outlook for FY23 and if you can throw some light on the completion part in this product is 
helpful? 
Ketan Merchant: 
As earlier Rishi and I’ve mentioned it we have bifurcated our business into two parts. One is 
the transaction business and the legacy business which we are running and the other one is the 
growth drivers which will enable us to have customer acquisition and put the cross sell and 
everything else which Rishi earlier said into the foray for FY23, FY24. The growth driver is 
clearly would be CASA and CMS we have had some challenging times in terms of our micro-
ATM and AePS business as we have seen. Remittance essentially because of the COVID year-
on-year it was back through. The way we are looking at these business is what earlier we 
mentioned it if we have 2 crore to 2.5 crore customer coming on an off us, how we can convert 
this. Are we looking at an exponential growth couple of years back these businesses has grown 
at a three-digit percentage CAGR. We are not looking those kind of growth in any of these 
businesses. We are looking at a moderated kind of growth between 15% to 20%, but the entire 
play will come how we leverage those into other products or into the high margin products 
which we are going into and thereafter create the base as I earlier said end of FY23 and 24 the 
cross selling of that will essentially start. This is the same point which you earlier asked 
Renish, we are currently the way we are investing into micro ATM and AEPS business for 
sustenance and conversion we are similarly doing it for digital as well. This is a year where we 
will invest into it and thereafter all of these new products which we are looking at can be used 
or can be sold to the customer which you build through both of these channels. So, it a channel 
if I can sum up it is a channel for a future cross sell and customer acquisition and here 
customer ownership itself because of the subscription to annuity generates the profitability as 
well.  
Renish Bhuva: 
So, in nutshell still this business can see around 15% kind of a growth in coming years and 
FY22 might be little unusual because of so many external factors is that the correct 
assumptions? 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
Ketan Merchant: 
We have been facing some headwinds specifically in the micro-ATM thing as well. Here again 
geographically each region is behaving a bit differently, but yes we are endeavoring to have a 
15% kind of a growth not a substantial thing on the FY23 P&L, but we are looking at how we 
utilize this for conversion, but yes a moderate kind of growth is expected. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Just taking queue from the previous question so as Ketan already guided that for top three 
products which are almost two-third of our overall revenue pool we are guiding for about 15% 
sort of a revenue growth, would we like to peg a number to what sort of overall top line growth 
are we looking in at FY23 and also the bottom line growth and margins for FY23? 
Rishi Gupta: 
I will just bifurcate this question into couple of parts yes our legacy businesses will be growing 
at 15% - 20% which I essentially just said in the current scenario are we essentially giving the 
guidance, no we are not giving a guidance how we are looking at, are we looking at a 
substantial growth over this year? yes we are looking at a growth which we had earlier 
mentioned as well in the CAGR target which we have taken for ourselves over next three to 
four years. As regards to margin yes there is competition which is coming up. We expect to 
keep the margins largely range bound. There will be some leeway which we still have because 
we are at 32% we will try and play anywhere between 30% to 32% is what we are looking at. 
In terms of product mix and growth drivers the products which are constituting around 17% 
currently which is CASA and CMS there is where we are expecting an exponential growth. 
Point to note is the margin out on these products is also 40%. So, net-net we are looking at a 
customer acquisition spree and creating a platform without any sort of deviation from the 
overall long term vision in terms of the PAT margins or the ROE which we are looking at, but 
it will be a journey in terms of how do we go about quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year.  
Umang Shah: 
Just one more thing probably Rishi if you could just help me on the strategy part I mean why 
would we want to bifurcate our business as or maybe the larger part of our business as legacy I 
believe these were supposed to be our growth drivers and obviously we were kind of building 
additional parts around these businesses let us say if we were to look at these businesses more 
like legacy businesses and newer businesses to dominate if you could just help in that context 
in two, three years how the overall revenue mix will look like and which will be the dominant 
products at that point of time? 
Rishi Gupta: 
There is no legacy there is maybe this communication gap. We are not saying there is a legacy 
business because we are just a five year old company. As a bank there is no legacy business 
they are largely mature products. So, products around AePS and products like micro ATM as 
well as remittances. Remittances is a very old product AePS saw a substantial growth in this in 
FY22 we expect that the growth will continue in FY23 as well. Remittance is kind of in a stage 
where it is become mature and there you will see a relatively moderate growth from that point 
of view. Micro ATM again we are seeing a relatively moderate growth. One has to also realize 
the fact that the last couple of years there have been often on business especially because of the 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
COVID which has been there. So, some of the products may behave a little differently in the 
next couple of years, some may who have matured may see a moderate growth because they 
saw substantially higher number in the last few years. So, good growth has already happened 
so that is where you can see moderate and nothing like legacy business from a strategy point of 
view there is no change in the strategy we continue to push on our products which is your 
mature products as well as growth products and getting into foray into digital where we can 
then over a period of time do cross sell and get into that business. So, if you got an impression 
that we are saying that there is a legacy business and we are not focusing on that I think pardon 
for us that, but it is more like mature products we will see a more moderate growth, our new 
products and growth products like CMS, CASA over a period we will see a higher growth and 
we have seen substantial growth coming in digital products in FY22 as well and we will 
continue to focus ourselves around those businesses and for us remittances, micro ATM, AePS 
bring up good footfall into our ecosystem which we are able to convert into other products and 
do cross sell on it.  
Umang Shah: 
And any targeted revenue mix broadly may be not exact numbers, but broadly do we think that 
these mature products and newer products can become like 50-50 in next two years? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Umang we are looking at an exponential kind of growth which we are looking at. Currently the 
new products approximately constitute around 17% and the other products which equally will 
grow. So, it is not that it is not growing, but the rate of growth will be moderated. So, over next 
couple of years’ time we are intending to double the point of CASA and CMS which is 
currently from 17% to making it to more than one-third of the total revenue which we are 
looking at. By that time the point to note which Rishi had earlier mentioned is in two years’ 
time there would be cross sell also will become the new products which we just mentioned in 
the earlier script will also be coming into the foray and those are expected to also contribute in 
the higher single digit or just about double digit over couple of years and more. 
Umang Shah: 
Just last question is on our FD product just wanted to understand that is this going to be 
distribution of FDs of other banks or this would be our own fixed deposits where customers 
can park their money for a longer period of time at higher interest rates? 
Rishi Gupta: 
It is a referral products so for us we have tied up with Suryodaya Small Finance Bank and their 
FD will be sold through our merchant network and we will get a cross sell income on that or an 
referral income on that.  
Umang Shah: 
Just on data point for FY22 what was our overall cross sell income that we would have earned 
maybe on loan cross sell or maybe cross sell of any other third party distribution products? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Cross sell is a journey which we are just starting off so there is nothing material we did some 
pilot kind of a role in FY22 for loan referral, but those were very insignificant numbers. In fact 
as Rishi just said it maybe two quarters distance wherein we start having some sort of a 
material number coming off and we do a full fledge kind of a role out. So, cross sell is 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
something which will begin in a significant and material manner at the earliest in end of FY23 
that is the earliest.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
I have three questions first is like we have 131 partners in CMS, so how do you assess the 
penetration level with these partners and of the total throughput of Rs.24,000 odd crores that 
we have clocked in FY22 how much will be coming in from the top 10% of these partners that 
is one and maybe I can take as we go along? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Out of 131 as I mentioned banks, MFIs and NBFC were about 96% of our total volumes as of 
March 21 which have come down to about 70% not that their volume has come down just that 
we have expanded quite a bit on the CMS side. So, from that point of I would say that our 
penetration especially on the NBFCs and the MFIs in top 10 NBFC and MFI’s is quite high 
which means that we are mostly with all the top NBFC and MFI. Percentage variation could be 
anywhere between may be 5% to 30% of the overall business comes through the Fino 
platform. So, there is still a good room for us to grow in not only in the fact that we are adding 
more clients and getting into new industries, but within the clients also we expect that we will 
be able to grow with existing clients as well as the penetration going up and especially for 
companies like ecommerce companies or logistics companies where we have started to do 
business we have not penetrated as much as we started only last year and is substantially low 
compared to the overall potential which is there. So, there we will see a higher growth to come 
which will also mean that we are diversifying into multiple industries and de-risking ourselves 
from couple of industries like we saw during COVID the NBFCs and MFIs had a tough time 
which also resulted in some of our CMS numbers coming down, but when it improved as the 
COVID settle down. So, de-risking strategy adding more clients become the last mile connect 
for all kinds of cash and transactions on the ground is the USP which we have built and that is 
something which is much appreciated by customers across the country and between the top 10 
I think we are there in with almost everybody penetration could be between 5% to 30%.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
The other question is like how should one see the growth in the micro-ATM business, is the 
growth here getting cannibalized by AePS and should therefore one see both the segments 
together versus the growth trends? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Partly you have answered the question also you are right see what is happening is that all the 
cash options which are available to the customers on the ground is being used. So, not only the 
fact that AePS is growing at a higher rate than the micro-ATM because of the government 
push also on Aadhar ecosystem and it is a very safe ecosystem where people can just use the 
biometric to withdraw. Other factors also that micro-ATM the numbers which we typically 
present are off us numbers which micro-ATM transactions are done for other customers. As 
you can see we are also converting some of the customers into CASA. So, they have become 
our own customers so part of that cannibalization of that number is also happening where 
people use our own platform which we do not report separately because that is part of the 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
CASA business which we do is being cannibalize from micro-ATM through our own 
customer, but at a much higher revenue and a much higher margin per se. So, while we are not 
that happy with the fact that the micro ATM market contrary towards the expected would be 
growing we are seeing some kind of a plateauing happening on that side, but we will have to 
wait for few more quarters to understand how much the market will grow on an overall basis, 
but just some cannibalization with multiple options coming up through AePS, through Fino 
own customer accounts as well as branch and ATM network now becoming fully operational 
post the COVID period could be the reason why we are seeing that plateauing coming up on 
the micro ATMs side.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly like the debit card spends on a per transaction basis is quite healthy at a Rs. 2,700 
odd so what is driving this, what are the categories wherein the customer are spending and 
does this does not look high in context to the average balances because majority of the 
customers are not maintaining even Rs. 500 of balance, so what is really like the disconnect I 
am reading this right? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Actually the customer balance has substantially gone up in the last one year from around 750 
odd. It has gone to Rs. 1,100 as such. So, not only with the fact that we have crossed more than 
500 crores of saving accounts balance as such. So, the usage raised being driven. See we are 
bank because see our business is not on balances only, our business is a transaction platform. 
So, lot of people put money and they use the money for making debit cards and payments as 
well as transfer out. So, debit card spends are growing up with the balances are also growing 
up. We are largely seeing people using debit card for fuels and grocery payments largely and 
we in fact have seen that during this IPL lot of people actually use the Fino platform also for 
playing on that IPL ecosystem. So, debit card spent I do not think so there is any disconnect 
between the balance as well as in terms of the usage. Usage something which we are driving as 
such also the fact that the number of customers have gone up that is also leading to a growth in 
the total throughput on the debit cards.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Nitin just some factual point our average balances in our customer accounts I heard you having 
us lower numbers that it was Rs. 750 in FY21 and as we speak in FY22 it is anywhere in the 
range of 1,100 plus. So, average balances are substantially grown. Second aspect if we see in 
our balance sheet as well. Our deposit balances as we know this is the end-to-end, period-to-
end have also doubled. So, the way we are essentially doing it while transaction is an important 
aspect what we are doing it out, how he spends and how we make him spent and how we get 
him to operate on our platform is something which our analytical team is essentially working 
on. Along with this as the number of accounts are increasing it off the spent is increasing the 
average balance also is going in the same direction with the numbers which I just said.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Maybe I got the slide 42 wrong wherein average balance of 447 so I thought maybe 46% of the 
customers are having more than 120? 
Ketan Merchant: 
That is about our analytics which we are sharing it off that anyone who has a balance of more 
than Rs.447 what will be his renewal propensity. So, we have just broken out by each segment 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
of balances. So, this only slide speaks about that. The average balances of what I just said 
maybe from Rs.750 to 1,100 plus from FY21 to FY22.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishit Master from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishit Master: 
My question which relates to the recent changes in the independent directors of the bank. So, 
we have seen two directors completing the tenure and in the first term in office. We seek the 
change in director, is this policy of independent directors only being given one term, new for 
the bank or it is a policy which has been followed since sometime now? 
Rishi Gupta: 
That is something which has been in the press over the last couple of weeks and unfortunately 
which has been blown out of proportion. So, what exactly happened is that at the bank level 
process of renewal of term of independent director was followed and after the bank board clear 
it, it was sent to the shareholders for approvals. As you know our shareholder which is a 
holding company own 75% plus so they had in that the agenda was there and they had some 
other agenda also where some other renewals of other board members who are also coming up 
and the Holdco decided that we should only look at one term across the group rather than 
giving longer term or two terms because it is a growing company we need to bring in more 
talent, we need to bring in diversity as well. So, from an overall evolving environment and 
with the group as a whole is functioning. Tenure of independent director should be restricted to 
one tenure is one which they got implemented across the group and unfortunately because 
some of our independent director were coming up for renewal. This happened for us at that 
point of time otherwise if this would have been the case earlier the bank would not have 
recommended a second term itself. So, there is nothing more than that. In fact I would just do a 
follow up on that is that we have an notable board and their contribution on the overall steer as 
well as governance is impeccable, but however the business is run by independent 
professionals like us and hence on a business front it may not be any material impact in the 
medium or even to the long term perspective. We are working on getting replacements for the 
two independent directors and we will do it over a period of time as we are in the selection 
process and that will be done and we will keep this in mind that we will need to give only one 
term in future. So, there is nothing more than that on this.  
Nishit Master: 
Sir the next question is on the business so we are also now targeting international remittances, 
do we plan to have physical presence in places where the remittances originate? 
Rishi Gupta: 
This is similar to what Shreya was asking us in the beginning and we already have deep 
presence in Punjab, Gujarat, parts of Bihar, UP, Kerala. 
Nishit Master: 
There the remittance will ultimately go to, but origination will happen somewhere in UAE? 
Rishi Gupta: 
No, We will probably go with the tie up with agencies like the one which we said on the 
MTSS. We are also looking at teeing up with some more. So, we will not have presence in US 
or UAE or Singapore for that matter. We are just focusing on India and because we will 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
gradually go through exchange houses and because of our deep presence across the country 
and ability to handle cash as well as open an account. There was study which was done by 
some of the IR companies that nearly 40% to 50% of the money actually people withdraw it 
and put it into the bank they do not consume it directly. So, our ability as a payment bank to 
not only offer cash withdrawal, but also open an account for a customer and then lead to a 
higher usage and cross sell is something which we are focusing on when we look at IR per se. 
IR I would say is a start of our journey it is a big business, it is a profitable business and it is a 
very competitive business which is there, but because of our engagement on the ground and 
our ability to handle cash gives us the edge over other players who would be looking at 
entering into this business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Agarwal from VT Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
So, I just have a fundamental question with regard to subscription used in CASA, so the target 
tariff actually that we have they have to see subscription fee to avail CASA services which 
they could have at some other place free of cost. So, the main convenience is that they were 
near to that store wherein merchant acts as a banker. So, my question is since we work on 
educating them on how banking works and how the FinoPay app work as well. Once they are 
aware of the entire system what stops them from not taking subscription and stretching to 
another bank’s CASA systems as some other banker system, so what is the growth driver of 
the renewal is it just the convenience or is there any other designs? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Multiple things which are there our ability to be present in every nook and corner of the 
country we have more than 93%, 94% of the districts we are covering. We added nearly 3.5 
lakh merchants last year and our journey to continue to add more merchant. We have already 
started to get to digital and giving customer the choice to come physically or digitally to Fino 
platform. Multiple things which is important is from a customer point of view is ability to 
digitalize cash, his ability to download the app and do transactions on it and the third is the 
grievances handling or if there is a problem where do you go and solve that issue and that is 
where Fino has an edge over everybody as you would look at all the digital companies, none of 
them have any physical presence and if you have to connect to them you have to connect 
through IVR or through email or chat bots and other means which are largely very tech heavy 
and tech savvy kind of tools. Our customers are not that tech heavy and tech savvy. So, we 
need to provide them a more through which they can transact. So, my personal belief is 
because of the deep trust and deep presence which Fino has and ability to do transactions 
micro transactions in a very seamless with higher volumes at an affordable price is something 
which is the edge which Fino has over other people who would get into a digital business as 
such. So, subscription will continue to grow that is my belief as the number of accounts are 
also increasing and our edge over everybody else through the Phygital model will stand out.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Nikhil just to substantiate it further the question which you made is pertinent and Rishi gave a 
strategic answers. Well if I just come to the numbers we will earlier referring to some slides 42 
wherein now we are into the third year in this year we are personally evolving it off yes we are 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
also taking him to the technology platform, but in certain cases the renewal is as high as 87% I 
think just to put things in perspective when we are taking subscription. We are not a balance 
sheet-based business. Balance sheet is an incidental aspect of our profitability. So, we do not 
emphasize on any minimum balances, we do not require minimum balances. So, we do not 
charge the customer for SMS or any other monthly charges which it comes to. So, on an 
overall basis whether we look at subscription or the relevant customer getting equal services. 
Lot of times in the large banks he has to spend four to five hours, three to four hours rather to 
get the right kind of services which he can get at a merchant. So, from a differentiated 
perspective is the cost or is it coming too large for customers as he evolves into his thinking 
pattern or digital he will not give analytics or the current three year data points which we have 
does not support that. It is supporting that yes as long as you are giving the right kind of 
services, transparency and making it reasonably competitive he will continue on our platform. 
Everything else in terms of what else can be done I think Rishi already covered up I thought I 
will just give a perspective in terms of numbers and the competitive landscape as well that why 
this guy or renewal rates or what they are currently. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Just one follow up question with regard to MATM and AePS as you mentioned earlier that we 
still have to see how this grows in the coming few quarters and these are the growth drivers for 
CASA subscription, so apart from ATM and AePS are there other conversions happening into 
CASA? 
Ketan Merchant: 
I think one of the slides which he also majorly talk that remittance also is a point wherein 
convergent can essentially happen. I think just to take a step back just clean it we have this off 
us customer or other bank customers who come to our point for various services. Our merchant 
will essentially work with him and it is a process over next three to four visits he will try and 
explain the benefit and then convert. So, micro-ATM, AEPS and remittances which are our 
matured business which are generating the footfalls are the ones which will be generation 
footfalls. Besides the digital platform which Rishi just said there will be a channel over next 
year or more that will also generate a material number in terms of the ownership. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Just a couple of data keeping question so on the new CASA account on the opening side what 
is the monthly run rate? 
Ketan Merchant: 
The new accounts which are coming Renish we are opening anywhere in the range of around 
2.25 lakh new accounts.  
Renish Bhuva: 
And what is the CMS throughput per month now? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So, CMS throughput we are looking somewhere around Rs.3,000 crores throughput on a 
monthly basis. 

 Fino Payments Bank Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
Renish Bhuva: 
And this both data point as on March? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rishi Gupta for closing comments.  
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you Diksha for arranging this call and thank you everyone who have participated on to 
this call and I hope all your questions have been answered if there are anything we will be 
more than happy to take it offline and with the team. As you can see Fino is on a growth 
trajectory with the 28% growth in FY22 over 21 crossing more than Rs.1, 000 crore of top line 
and more than doubling of profit as such. We are adding more products and we are adding 
more customers and that is what we believe which help us in getting to our digital journey as 
well. So, with this we will end the call and we will be more than happy to take any questions 
offline. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you for attending the conference call. If you have any further queries please send an 
email to Sayantan.mitra@Finobank.com or salman@conceptpr.com On behalf of Fino 
Payments Bank Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines.  
 
****** 
