Nazara Technologies Limited 
 
 
Nazara
TM 
 
India | Middle East | Africa | Europe 
Regd. Office: 51-55, Maker Chamber III, Nariman Point Mumbai - 400021. Tel. : +91-22-40330800 / 22810303 / 22813030  
Fax : +91-22-22810606 E-mail: info@nazara.com Website : www.nazara.com CIN : L72900MH1999PLC122970 
May 20, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, May 16, 2022 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated 16 May, 2022, the audio link of the investors earnings call for the fourth 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, we enclose herewith the transcript of the said call. The Transcript is 
also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
Please take the same on record. 
 Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Nazara Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Pravesh Palod 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A57964 
 
Encl: a/a  
 

1 
 
                                                                     
 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of Nazara Technologies 
Hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd. 
 
DISCLAIMER: E&OE - THIS TRANSCRIPT IS EDITED FOR FACTUAL ERRORS. IN CASE OF DISCREPANCY, THE AUDIO 
RECORDINGS UPLOADED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE ON 16TH MAY 2022 WILL PREVAIL 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NITISH MITTERSAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. MANISH AGARWAL - GROUP CEO 
MR. RAKESH SHAH – GROUP CFO 
 
− Host: 
− Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY22 earnings conference call of 
Nazara Technologies Ltd. hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing* then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilaldher Pvt Ltd. Thank you, and 
over to you Mr. Joshi. 
− Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
− Thank you so much. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I 
welcome you all to the Q4 FY22 earnings call of Nazara Technology.  
− We have with us the management represented by Mr. Nitish Mittersain – JMD, 
Manish Agarwal – Group CEO and Mr. Rakesh Shah – Group CFO. I would now like to 
hand over the call to the management for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you sir.  
− Mr. Nitish Mittersain – Founder & JMD, Nazara Technologies: 
− Good morning everyone, this is Nitish Mittersain. Welcome to all of you for Nazara 
Technologies, Q4 FY22 earnings call.  

2 
 
− We have uploaded our results’ presentation on the exchanges, and I hope everybody 
has had an opportunity to work with the same.  
− Nazara has already established itself as a leader in Indian gaming industry, and it is 
now strategically positioned to capitalise on the tailwinds in our industry. Despite 
challenges caused by changes in Apple policy, regulatory disturbance in real-money 
gaming and the negative impact of COVID-19 in live Esports events, Nazara has still 
delivered a strong performance in FY22. This is a great demonstration of our 
diversified platform strategy that allows us to continue to grow and remain resilient 
to any temporary headwinds in a particular segment of our business.  
− In FY22 we generated revenues of Rs. 6.21 billion, up 37% YoY, EBITDA of Rs. 946 
million, up 109% YoY, and a PAT of Rs. 507 million up 273% YoY.  
− We are glad to report that all of our business segments are profitable, and we have 
added significant cash balances which now totally amount to Rs. 7.3 billion as of 
March end. The company remains free of debt. The above has been achieved 
without incurring any significant burn or losses, and all our companies are driving 
growth along with profitability. However, it is important to understand that in the 
phase of growth we are, growth and market leadership far outweighs near term 
margin optimisation. And, we are very clear that we will continue with such strategy 
of prioritising growth over margins into FY23, while remaining profitable and cash 
flow generative in every segment of our business.  
− In FY22, we have added many new friends to our friends of Nazara Network. These 
include Publishme, Datawrkz, Openplay, the events IP from OML including NH7 
Weekender, and most recently Wings gaming accessories. We have also made 
successful investments in Rusk Media with whom we are launching a unique gaming 
entertainment show called Playground, as well as investments made in global 
gaming funds Griffin Gaming Partners and Bitkraft, through which we intend to drive 
multi-formed collaboration.  
− Finally, I would like to conclude by saying that Nazara has a 22-year track record of 
creating value for its shareholder who have belief in our vision of making India a 
world gaming powerhouse. We have been through many cycles right from 2000 
onwards, and our DNA is well adapted to make us anti-fragile in such times.  
− As a gesture of our appreciation towards our shareholders’ faith in us and to 
commemorate our first anniversary as a publicly traded business, we are pleased to 
announce a bonus issue in the ratio of 1 bonus share for every 1 equity share held.  
− Now, I would like to request Manish to walk through the financial highlights. Thank 
you very much.  
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Thanks Nitish. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Nazara’s Quarter 4 and full year 
call, and we look forward to interacting with you in the Q&A.  

3 
 
− I will quickly summarise the information which is also uploaded in the presentation 
available on our website.  
− As Nitish has also kind of given you a flavour of the numbers, in the full year we 
delivered 621.7 crores, growth of 37%. We delivered 946 million in EBITDA, 109% up, 
and we delivered 507 million in PAT, which is 273% up. The resiliency of our 
portfolio, the momentum which we have seen in gaming, makes us very very happy 
to say that this is a guidance which we had given in September end to all of you, 
saying that we will grow roughly 35-40% in revenue and 12-15% EBITDA margins, 
and we are happy to report that we have exceeded and met the guidance’s which 
we gave you in September.  
− As you are all aware that we have had few headwinds. We had issue of Apple 
changing its policy in April 2021, which impacted our gamified segments growth. We 
had on and off, COVID-19 continued to really impact the offline events, which had a 
negative impact on our ability to generate revenues from brands, sponsorships for 
live events and also kind of accelerate the penetration of Esports and then, it also 
has a negative impact on Sportskeeda as well as NextWave which really get a bump 
up when there are not a lot of sporting events happening in the country. So inspite 
of that, we have been able to take all of this in our stride and delivered on numbers 
which we had kind of projected and guided all of you.  
− We’re also happy that we not just really look at what is the revenue growth, but all 
our businesses are cash generative, profitable, and as of 31st March 2022 we have 
7,231 million INR of cash across the group, and  while the current portfolio has its 
own momentum and is growing, we believe that the flywheel of M&A will now also 
start at corporate as well as subsidiaries as you have seen with Nodwin last year. 
And, with the cash we have generated with most of the subsidiaries, we are looking 
at how to deploy that cash to drive organic and inorganic growth.  
− I’ll quickly take you through segments. Esports has become our largest segment. It 
contributes to 49% of our revenues. Over the last 3 years, this segment has delivered 
90% CAGR with margins growing over 65% If you look at the full year performance, 
the segment has grown 79%. And, it has not just grown in revenues, but it has also 
grown in your absolute EBITDA numbers by 43%. As Nitish highlighted, this is a 
segment which is very important for us to build; we’re the market leader here. We 
need to constantly keep building the ecosystem, keep investing in the ecosystem 
whether it’s IPs around events, IPs around content, IPs around talent and forge new 
partnerships. Here, our objective is to continue to have this high growth momentum 
and not just really at this junction, start looking at EBITDA maximisation. And, that is 
very important to note, because in Esports our conviction has been very very strong 
always  and we believe that Esports will be the biggest viewed sports entertainment 
format in the next 5 to 7-10 years, and we don’t want to be losing this amazing and 
massive opportunity in India, South Asia and other emerging markets as we really 
look at. We have seen how the Esports viewership is growing in the ecosystem. The 
data point is that BGMI (Battleground Mobile India) launch was concurrent 
viewership was as good as the first match of IPL, which kind of underlines the 
conviction we have on the Esports viewership in the coming years, that it’s going to 

4 
 
be really really important. And hence, building those IPs and investing on those IPs 
across India and other emerging markets is very important for us. We believe that 
with the economy opening up, offline events opening up, cinema, malls, restaurants 
everything opening up, offline events are going to be a reality, keeping fingers 
crossed. And with that, we believe that our IPs like India Premiership, Dreamhack, 
NH7, Bacardi Vivid Shuffle, Youtube Funfest all of those IPs will see the light of the 
day this year, and those are all kind of long-term properties with sustained brands 
and advertisers backing them. We see them, a very healthy upside come into the 
business this year.  
− Now this segment, as all of you know, is broadly driven by two companies – Nodwin 
and Sportskeeda. Nodwin continues to really remain very stellar growth. It delivered 
2,108 million in FY22 which is 55% increase. It delivered an EBITDA of 157, 29%. And 
if you look at from the business upside as I mentioned, in this coming year, we see a 
very very clear strong business upside coming from the offline events which will add 
70-80 crores to the Nodwin revenue numbers this year. Media revenues have 
increased by 84% in Q4, and it accounts for 20% of the overall business. We are also 
kind of embarking on building a D2C strategy, where we have done acquisitions of 
merchandising company Planet Superheroes, gaming accessory company Wings, and 
we are also selling of e-pins business doing great. With a combination of that, we 
believe we can really unlock the community which comes to Nodwin in terms of 
participation of the tournament, in terms of viewership to really create a very robust 
gaming D2C business which is as an of opportunity is currently abegging for in a 
country like India with the growth of overall gamers as well as hardcore and mid-
core gamers.  
− We also kind of created an amazing partnership this year with Gameloft for Esports 
in this, with Fifa for EISL, and we have also increased our partners from 27 to 103, 
which clearly demarcates or demonstrates the excitement in the ecosystem 
comprising of brands, OTT platforms, publishers all around Esports, and everybody 
wants to work and talk to us on how they can really reach to this community through 
Esports.  
− Sportskeeda is the other one. Sportskeeda believers have a 792 million INR, 130% 
growth with a 64% increase in EBITDA delivering 274 INR million. So, these are the 
numbers, but the story really behind these numbers is amazing. A company from 
India is now really in the Top 10 sports sites in US as per Comscore. We are No. 7, we 
used to be No. 17 a year back, and thats what’s we’re inching up. We’re seeing some 
amazing traction in terms of users across US sports. We are seeing traction of 
monetising them programmatic, and we are also really looking at our Esports 
business contributing 20-25% of the overall now for Sportskeeda. And, we are by far, 
the largest Esports site in India by any stretch of parameters which you can think of. 
If you look at our growth, it’s on a very very solid ticket. Growth has really happened 
from addition of content, high quality content which allows you to get more index 
search, social content sharing happens which has delivered an increase in amounts 
of 13%. We are also going to increase more US-based sports. We are also going to 
really increase user-based formats. And overall, this business has a very very strong 

5 
 
momentum, and the combination of Nodwin and Sportskeeda really puts us in a very 
pole position in Esports business, not just in India, but globally. And, it’s a complete 
dominance in leadership.  
− A small line about Publishme. We acquired that in September. We are now happy to 
note that we have created a very very strong team in the Middle-east, a very capable 
team which we have now put together, so that this year we should start seeing 
discussion with a lot of game publishers and brands, about partnerships in UAE and 
in Saudi Arabia, and that’s what we’re kind of really looking at. This business, 
because we set up the whole team, as you would all appreciate, a team doesn’t 
really become productive from Day 0 in the Middle-east, and this business is in 
investment phase. And, over the years, we will be working on this business to ensure 
that we have meaningful partnerships and we can really become a go-to game 
marketing agency in Middle-east for global publishers and global gaming brands, and 
also create synergy between Nodwin and Publishme to really expand our 
esportsfootprint in the Middle-east.  
− I’ll move to Kiddopia which is a gamified segment. All of you who are on the call have 
kind of discussed this. We delivered a 16% growth in revenues, the growth 
momentum has slowed down. If you look at Q4 YoY it’s almost flat. It’s purely 
because of the news and acquisition which is becoming challenging on account of 
the Apple IDFA policy. We are doing multiple experiments here to ensure that our 
growth momentum can come back, including the mix of the channels, which at the 
beginning of the year last year to now has completely changed, and that speaks 
volumes about the resiliency of the team where lot of global players have 
demonstrated drop in their revenues including Netflix, Zynga, Facebook, Unity. We 
have been able to really change the mix of our advertising spends and ensure that 
we delivered 16% growth or we have not declined in QoQ, and that’s what we’re 
really doing.  
− This has also taken its load on cost per trial which is increasing, and it will stay at that 
level for some quarters, where we are really looking at more experiments. But the 
important thing is, we have launched a brand campaign in US. We believe that the 
performance marketing can play that much role in the new normal of Apple policy 
and hence we’re looking at how to build an enduring relationship with the kids and 
their parents who are very very warm brand campaign; that has been launched. Any 
brand campaign is not a magic pill which will create immediately, but we are really 
looking at some of the lead indicators of searches, of organic downloads; all those 
parameters we’ll be keeping a watch. But, we are now looking at also merchandise. 
We have Captain Kidd which is our own IP. We have looked at how do we reward our 
loyal users through some kind of merchandising and build brand affinity. So, there 
are many experiments happening on this particular IP, so that we can really look at it 
from a growth point of view.  
− I will cover lot of the nuances in the Q&A, because I’m sure there will be lot of Q&A 
on marketing spends, LTV, ARPUs and we can do that.  

6 
 
− Freemium business, we had a modest growth of 9% YoY, 21 crores or 213 million of 
revenue, 19% EBITDA margin. There are two things which I want to highlight. We 
believe that the massive amount of community cult following which this IP has will 
be proven game engine model. Our foray into Web3 can be very successful, and we 
are actively working on that to really create a cricket offering in Web3 by leveraging 
our strengths. Given that some of the new crypto native developers which are 
coming, do not have approved game engines, do not have proven communities, it 
kinds of puts us into pole position to really capture cricket industry and that’s where 
we are really working actively, and we are setting up a blockchain team to really look 
at what kind of form-shape we will be doing and you will hear very soon from us.  
− In terms of our M&A, in Freemium we have mentioned that before, this segment 
needs to be really a much larger and bigger segment, not just 213 million revenue, 
and our M&A will be the biggest focus this year in terms of M&A, and we will be 
looking at game based studios who are doing in the vicinity of 3-5 million dollars and 
have high growth potential, and that’s what we would be looking at in M&A this 
year.  
− On the Openplay which we acquired in September, I’m very very pleased to inform 
you that we have grown the company. When we acquired, there was net revenue 
run rate was around in the vicinity of 42-45 crores, now that run rate is almost 65-70 
crores. So, that is something which has been achieved through a very strong data 
driven tech platform, which has looked at operational efficiencies of increasing our 
pools of repeated users, creating a predictive modelling in terms of new user 
acquisitions, and that has resulted in growing almost like 14-15% month on month. 
Our underlying ratios of cost per player has also come down, and we are looking at 
ROIs which used to be breakeven in terms of 8-9 months, has come to 6-7 months, 
which is quite a very difficult task given that we are a challenger in a highly cluttered 
ecosystem of rummy operators where top 3-4 guys are very very large. Inspite of 
that, we have been able to kind of achieve it, and we proudly say that in the 
industry, we would be same as some of the best top players in terms of ROIs on 
breakeven. And that gives us a strong footing to increase our user spends as we keep 
moving post IPL scenario, and that’s what we’re discussing with the teams. Positivity 
on the database automated systems has also ensured that we have an uptick in 
EBITDA. However, at this juncture, I want to underline that if I can get unit 
economics of 5-6-7 months of breakeven and then LTV-CAC which we have in this 
business, I would rather kind of press the accelerator on growth than try to maximise 
EBITDA.  
− As we have mentioned that we have really looked at product and tech capability of 
this team. We’re glad to inform that now we have built an underlying platform which 
can consolidate any number of brands with one data view, one common tech 
platform, and the first company which we’re integrating is our own company 
HalaPlay. Our integration will be finished after the IPL; we didn’t want to touch the 
HalaPlay during the IPL season, but all the underground work as already happened, 
and we are kind of amalgamating into one common tech platform. And, that will be 

7 
 
a good test and confidence for us as we go into consolidation in this area in the year 
forward.  
− Our telco segment has declined by 17%. We delivered 624 million.  The EBITDA 
margins as you can see, have improved from last year. It is 22.8% v/s 15.2%. The 
absolute EBITDA has also grown by 25%. This is cash cow. However, the question is, 
are we really writing it off in terms of decline? No. We’re working with new partners 
to see if we can really stem the decline and get it back to a growth phase. In couple 
of next quarters, we will be able to tell you more concretely whether this should be 
taken as a growth driver or should it be taken as status quo or should you budget 
some decline of 5-7-10%. So, we’ll come back to you.  
− Datawrkz, some of you were aware, we finished the acquisition in the April. The 
consolidation will happen from April onwards for this business. This is an enabler 
capability building play for Nazara, so that we can really be a strong publisher in the 
years to come with the help of a deep AdTech stat which can help us optimise user 
acquisition as well as ad monetisation. The company is doing fantastically well, and 
in the 1st Quarter results we will talk more about Datawrkz. And, during this quarter I 
will give you more KPIs of Datawrkz and I will give you more insights on Datawrkz. 
But however, the company is doing very very well. And, the integration with some of 
the subsidiaries which are national integrations, whether it’s Sportskeeda, whether 
it’s NextWave, then Openplay, Paper Boat, the discussions are happening between 
the leadership teams, and depending upon the experiments which will start, we’ll 
know how and where we will be successful and where we will not be successful in 
driving the synergies. So, in a couple of quarters, you will come to know on 
Datawrkz, on both the synergy side and on the KPIs and its growth. In Q1 onwards 
we will start sharing more details.  
− Last but now the least, I have mentioned this multiple times on M&A, our current 
portfolio is super strong, it will deliver lot of growth. But, we do not want to kind of 
just sit and look at the current portfolio as some of you would like to do, we believe 
there are opportunities for gaming, and the segments in which we are is an , there’s 
amazing opportunity in front of us, and we want to really plug white spaces which 
we have seen, whether it’s white spaces in gamified learning, whether it’s expansion 
of Esports into other emerging markets, whether it’s acquiring of more game based 
studios in Freemium, or whether consolidating RMG, or on the influencer building 
capability side, we would love to do an M&A because we believe those are essential 
white spaces for us  to fill and create a very very strong friends of Nazara network as 
a platform which we can really drive completely.  
− The capital allocation discussion for us is very simple. All our companies are really 
generating cash. If they need to kind of really look at, they can deploy their own 
cash. If they need more than that, we can always sit down, so that’s not an issue for 
them. Our capital allocation will be on the M&A side or increase in some equity in 
downstream subsidiaries. Wherever we think it’s an amazing opportunity for us to 
kind of a) increase our equity b) reward the founder for the great performance they 
have delivered. Our capital allocation predominantly would be on M&A, and the 
M&A at the subsidiary level as well as corporate level will be a constant.  

8 
 
− To summarise, I think this is supremely important for you to understand that this is a 
company which is on a very high growth path. We are a company which is really 
looking at white spaces and the growth of our own portfolio, and we’re on a very 
very strong ticket. We have a DNA, and I’d like to reiterate, a DNA of anti-fragile, 
where we always believe that keep doing the work from first principles, look at 
businesses from first principles, and keep your head down and keep delivering the 
performance year after year. Some of you may look at sequential quarters, I would 
urge you to look at it on a year on year basis because of the seasonality so that you 
get the right picture and you do not frustrate yourself looking at the numbers.  
− So, I will hand it over to Mr. Joshi for Q&A.  
− Host: 
− Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question & Answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on your touchtone phone. If you 
wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who may 
like to ask a question, please press * and 1 at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Nitin Jain from FairView Investments. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Nitin Jain – Fair View Investments: 
− Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the Nodwin business specifically. If 
I do a deepdive, like we can see a drop in profitability for the quarter as well as for 
the full year. For FY22 we have dropped from high single-digits to mid single-digits. 
So, if you could clarify is there some structural change in our approach or in the 
market? That is the first question. The second one is, with the increased competitive 
intensity from players like Sky esports, what is the path for this business going 
forward? Thank you.  
− Mr. Manish Agarwal - CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Good morning Nitin, thanks for the question. Let me just answer both of them. 
Nodwin if you look at it, in FY21 they delivered a 9% margin, in FY22 it was a 7.4% 
margin. I think in the presentation which we uploaded, it also includes Publishme 
numbers, and I will ask my IR team to segregate them so that you can get a clear 
picture. So, it’s a 9% to 7.4%, while the revenue has grown by 55%. I’ve always 
maintained, Nodwin would be a 6-7% business kind of number. Your 9% was 
predominantly because of no offline events really happening in FY21. In FY22 had we 
had NH7 in March and still we have not have more and more offline events. Going 
forward, I would say, you should peg Nodwin in the vicinity of 6-7% because we 
would like to a) do more and more offline and builds Esports ecosystem b) we will 
invest in new IPs and also augment the current IPs. So, that is where I would really 
urge you to look at from a Nodwin perspective. We are not really looking at the 
operating leverage hitting in the market right now. The operating leverage will come 
in when there are two factors you’ll be driving, One factor is, multiplicity of OTT 

9 
 
platforms bidding for the same content. We are already starting to see that 
happening between LOCO & Rooters fighting and bidding with each other for similar 
content. And, we are also seeing more and more platforms emerging. And in the 
next 3-4 years, that should drive the pricing of the content and the IPs if your IP is 
big.  
− The second piece is more and more games. If you see, you have predominantly have 
very few games in India which can really have esports viewership and can say that 
we can command our viewership which is worthy for some OTT platforms and 
brands to look at. As more games kind of come into India in the next 2 years, you will 
have far more opportunities to create more combinations of games and events for 
you to drive your margins. So, I think that is where we are. One the competition 
piece, my two cents are very simple. We are kind of talking about 210-211cr of 
business, revenue. I am not sure if you have checked the sky numbers, maybe it’s 
sub 5-6cr. or maybe 7crs.  
− 2nd thing is, I would really look at all the esports, more and more tournaments to 
come, because the more tournaments happen at grassroots, better it is for…  feeder 
for eyeballs viewership for us. As I have always mentioned, Nodwin is in the business 
for building IPs in the top 200 players and grassroots is what we do with publishers 
to increase our attachment for viewership. And many such players which will come 
in the market will only increase the grassroot of the large IP to have more and more 
concurrent viewership as well as overall viewership. So it is a welcome thing for us to 
have in market. 
− Mr. Nitin Jain – FairView Investments: 
− Great!! That’s quite helpful. If I could just slip in a follow-up to the 1st question, so 
are you hinting that due to a competition between the platforms, Loco and the other 
one that you mentioned, are you hinting that there could be a pricing leverage here 
going forward? Some kind of pricing power? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Any sports IP always works on a pricing power coming out of the IT strength and the 
viewership increase. And the case in point is very simple, if you look at the media 
rights of IPL, in the last 3 bidding rounds, you will yourself will see the pricing power 
which is coming or you take any kind of sports IP which is happening whether it’s a 
FIFA Broadcasting rights or it’s a Wimbledon Broadcasting rights. So fundamentally 
whenever sports IP becomes or keeps becoming bigger, bigger and larger than life, 
the pricing power comes in because the platforms will like to have head content to 
create them early as users come into the platform. 
− Mr. Nitin Jain – FairView Investments: 
− Right. Ok, that’s it from my side. Thank you. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 

10 
 
− Thanks Nitin. 
− Host: 
− Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Mukul Garg - Motilal Oswal Financial Services: 
− Thank you. Hi Manish, good morning. Manish, the 1st question was on Kiddopia. You 
mentioned in the presentation that we are looking at an incremental of almost 
1.6mn spent on over YouTube as well as brand building next quarter. Can you help 
us with any thoughts on – what are the targets you have internally which will decide 
the success or failureof the exercise? Is this something which will be, right now on a 
trial basis?  Or do you expect it to continue over the next few quarters as well? And 
also are they being done outside the IOS, given that they have been  done outside 
the IOS ecosystem, is there a way to monetize them outside as well without 
compromising on user experience or you still don’t think better than optionality 
which is there with you? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Hi Mukul, good morning! Nice to hear from you. Mukul on the 2 things which you 
mentioned about. So if you look at, broadly we do 800K on a month if you would see 
as business as usual and a mix of that, from the last year we used to have 60% on 
Google, 30% on Apple and 10% on Facebook has considerably changed, Apple 
remaining the same but Facebook and Google have gone out and unity, ISOs and all 
other challenge has come in. So that’s where your current stable bread butter is 
coming from 800K. We believe, roughly around 300K odd, we can spend on Youtube  
because Youtube used to be one of the big component within Google of 60%, that  
used to kind of drive lot of scale. We are seeing some green shoots, it’s still on a trial 
experimental phase to kind of quote your words but if can really kind of get that 
back, the growth can be much higher because Youtube as you know is great channel 
for us to give us a lot of volumes if we are able to crack it. That’s the that part.  
− And roughly 300K is what we are putting for the brand campaign which we are really 
wanting to create, a more mark on  the funnel trials for Kiddopia. We are running it 
across multiple touch points whether its connectivity, whether its broadcasting or 
even on Youtube or other publishers which are relevant for this. And how we 
measure a brand campaign? Youtube campaign is still fairly straightforward because 
you will be able to figure out your cost per trial but on a brand campaign, you cannot 
have a direct co-relation for a cost trial so there are indicators which we are going to 
look at. We are going to look at how are the organic searches of Kiddopia as a brand 
is increasing. We are going to look at if there are increase in visitors on the page of 
app store and Google from these campaigns. That is the kind of indicator which we 
would like to track to see the efficacy of the brand campaign. 
− Mr. Mukul Garg - Motilal Oswal Financial Services: 

11 
 
− Sure and the other point was about given that these are outside the IOS ecosystem. 
Is there a way to build them outside and save that 30%? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− I don’t know Mukul on that. Right? I don’t know on that because is that is not the 
problem we are solving now, the problem statement we are solving is, how do we 
get more and more velocity of new subscriber addition into the business. At this 
juncture, I don’t think the 30% commission payout to app stores is a problem 
statement we should be really looking at. That’s a good problem to solve once we 
have seen let’s say our marketing campaign working or Youtube working and then 
we come to the efficiency of optimization of margins. And that’s where we will come 
into it. Right now our single mind focus is, how do we get velocity of new subscribers 
increasing without compromising on their retention, basically without compromising 
the quality of users. 
− Mr. Mukul Garg - Motilal Oswal Financial Services: 
− Sure. The 2nd question, I think broadly during your introductory remark, over 
multiple statements you have kind of peppered at but how you are looking at the 
M&A strategy after the recent price correction. Do you expect the interest of 
potential targets to be more on cash deals, given that a lot of market price has been 
corrected so much and how much of the cash you will earmark for M&A?  
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Mukul, correction has happened across the market, not just for Nazara, right And I 
am sure, if you talk to a lot of people who do in the private deals, the valuation 
expectations or the excitement, exuberance over the valuation even in the private 
space has come down sharply. That is also giving us an opportunity to look at more 
and more studios outside and also in India because the same discussions which were 
happening at different multiples are happening or can happen based on my 
understanding in bankers and some of the founders with the lower numbers because 
the investors sitting there, also have kind of re-aligned their expectations so I think 
it’s an overall  correction which is really going to help. It’s relative. It’s not absolute 
for Nazara and somebody else. 
− The 2nd thing is, we are also kind of really looking at these, where we can really 
create combination of let’s say, lets  just to give you a perspective,  if in Real money 
gaming space, we are kind of really saying to the founders that you can merge your 
equity with OpenPlay and take that equity, rather than Nazara’s equity because 
that’s where you can snub and scale and the companies which are needing to grow, 
they really need to look at 1:1 becoming 2.5 or 3 or 5 and they understand that. So 
lot of your equity dilution which you could avoid by having a downstream 
consolidation happening while you can pay some cash which you have raised at a 
higher value and put it to use for your deals. So these kind of discussions, we will be 
doing that. We believe that Nazara’s goodwill and the track record of scaling 

12 
 
companies after taking them over really is a very very strong goodwill which we have 
among the founders and that will really help us in doing these M&As. 
− Mr. Mukul Garg - Motilal Oswal Financial Services: 
− That’s was really useful, thanks. Just a small clarification, if I may. There was this 
small 10 Crs investment in Kiddopia. Was there a requirement for cash infusion or is 
there something which more cash requirement can come in from that side? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− No, Mukul, it was secondary and this was as per our shareholder agreement. The 
founders have achieved the targets which I remember was 170 odd crores, if they 
have done it within the time period, they were entitled for 10cr secondary of Nazara 
and that’s what we did. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we will be happy 
to have founders who are hitting the ball out of park and if they need some 
secondary earnings, we will not hesitate because that’s our way to kind of really 
demonstrate our endorsement of their great efforts.  
− Mr. Mukul Garg - Motilal Oswal Financial Services: 
− Fair enough!! Thanks a lot for taking my question and best of luck for 2022. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Thanks. Look forward to many more interactions. 
−  
− Host: 
− Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management will be 
able to address the questions of all participants we would request you to please limit 
your questions to 2 at a time. If you have a follow-up question, please re-join the 
queue. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Shah from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Deep Shah – B&K Securities: 
− Thanks Manish for the opportunity and the detailed clarification at the start. Manish, 
2 questions from my side, both on the e-sports business. One is about your own IPs 
and the events you do for others whereby some events were streamed on our 
channel and then some are not. Is there a way, you could help us better understand 
the differences and their respective contribution because where I am coming from 
is, one how do we read the content or metric that you provided and second when 
you talked about share of distribution money or broadcast money, I think a lot of it 
will only go to us in our own IPs or rather events which are on our own screening 
platforms. So if you help us better understand, that will be really helpful. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 

13 
 
− Perfect!! And I think a lot of clarity lies in your answer and I will just kind of pull that 
out. So we do two types of payments. One we do white label, what we call white 
label events which we work with Indian publishers or let’s say brand or let’s say 
platform which wants to kind of really attract more and more people at the grass 
root level. Now grass root level will not kind of really attract so much of viewership 
because we are not having the best of the players will be playing. So that becomes a 
cost plus model for us. And that’s why it is called white label and that’s very 
important for us because it seeps the market, it builds the e-sports market and it 
becomes a feeder for our viewership for top IPs where our best players are playing. 
Now what are out IPs? Our IPs are IPs which we are organizing, which we are 
investing, which we are defining the price pool and which we are taking a risk. It’s 
not a cost plus model, you are investing in execution, you are investing in price pool 
and you are investing in the marketing of it and you are investing in building a kind of 
long term brand out of it. Those are the IPs as you rightly said. They will have a price 
premium over a period of time and that’s the sporting IP is our moat, the millennium 
moat and hence it is important for us to keep strengthening our current IP and 
building more IPs, across different cohorts and segments of consumers, players, 
games, geographies etc. And that is where this business is all about.  
− One thing that you mentioned and I want to correct, our Nodwin is not into a 
channel. It’s not having a streaming platform of its own because we don’t believe 
that’s a path to create a profitable business, at least for the next 3-5 yrs. and hence 
what we have done is, we have kind of restricted ourselves to create premium IPs 
and content thereof and then we partner with OTT platform, which I am wanting to 
have that content and player for their viewership on their platform exclusively. So 
we don’t have any channel. Our IPs, since the market is still at a nascent space, we 
kind of try and build it on YouTube because YouTube has the biggest reach and the 
widest reach and it creates more and more viewership and the IPs strength keeps 
increasing. Until or unless there is a significant amount of money on the table for us 
to really take our IP onto some platform which has much more reach, we will not be 
very open to doing that. We would continue to build our IP viewership and IP 
strength on YouTube or any other channel which can give us far reaching reach.  
− IPs which we are creating like watch hours which you spoke about, those are the IPs 
we are working with publishers to create them and these are long term relationships 
because Valorent is a games which is very popular in PC users. As and when mobile 
happens it can be popular. You cannot just be dependent on one game for your 
viewership. You need to co-invest along with the game publisher to really build that 
ecosystem and that’s where we really come into picture as a long term partner for 
any game publisher. 
− Mr. Deep Shah – B&K Securities: 
− Fair enough!! The 2nd question is on, we had earlier spoken about trying to get in live 
advertisements in our streams and I think, in February we also acquired 51% in the 
Rusk distribution. So any updates on that? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 

14 
 
− 2 different questions. Rusk for us is content play and as Nitish made an opening 
remark. We are working in the rusk to capture one area of gaming which are not yet 
with us as gaming entertainment content but with a very very strong context of 
gaming and that’s where the rusk capability has come for creating content, 
distributing content, monetising content and that’s why this investment and 
partnership is there where the entire gaming monetisation will be kind of coming to 
us and we will be working very closely with rusk to really give gamers insights, the 
influencers which they need and co-create these kind of IPs. That’s where the rusk is. 
− In terms of streaming and advertising of the streaming, as you would appreciate, 
when you do an exclusive deal with let’s say a LOCO or Rooter, it’s like a IPL thing 
given to Hotstar or Star Sports, then the broadcasters’ job is to figure out what ads 
they want to insert and when they want to insert. Similarly on YouTube, we do not 
have much say on the live streaming or a content ad insertion. However, we can 
always add sponsorships and that’s what we do. 
− Mr. Deep Shah – B&K Securities: 
− Thanks Manish for this clarification. I will join back the queue for further question on 
growth. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Perfect!! 
− Host: 
− Thank you. Request participants to please limit their questions to 2 at a time. The 
next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Rahul Jain - Dolat Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
− Hello? Am I audible? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Yes, Rahul. Good morning!! 
− Mr. Rahul Jain - Dolat Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
− Ya, good morning. So firstly, just a small extension to a question which has already 
been asked on the Kiddopia side. We have mentioned that our rankings are more or 
less secured and you have clearly mentioned that you want to top it up with the 
higher scale with their subscription growth as in mind-set. Just wanted to 
understand your thought that, will it be more of a Q1, Q2 kind of a thing or that is 
something you have to get a subscriber’s growth irrespective of the cost kind of a 
mind-set because I guess our consumer side from the demand perspective must be 
still very robust given the category it is in. Then why to shy away from going for a big 
term growth when our rankings are intact and we can afford to spend in the existing 

15 
 
opportunities as we are equally looking strong on the inorganics, then why not put 
big money in the inorganic opportunity itself? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Rahul, you are absolutely right and that why if you see, I mentioned that 800K is 
business as usual. We are almost putting 600K extra on aggressive growth per 
month. On seeing that how we can really take it forward with a combination of 
YouTube and brand. We would really like to do it, start from May and then continue 
it for at least May, June, evaluate ourselves on how we are doing. Trust us, if we are 
seeing the positive side, we are not going to shy away from investing into that 
business because in this business we have huge amount of conviction, all the head 
room it has for growth and as you rightly said, the robustness of the product 
reflected in its credential engagement continues to be very good. We will look at 
that in June and even if its 80% ok, we will continue to do it in Q2. So there will be a 
constant review and take kind of a step on the next quarter and if I tell you that next 
whole year we are going to do this, am just kind of making a blind statement but the 
intent is what you articulated and our intent is exactly the same. 
− Mr. Rahul Jain - Dolat Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
− And we don’t have any constraint from the founders in terms of any potential 
valuation, if there is a need for infusion to do that? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Rahul, if you understand, the founders are the guys who are really passionate about 
their product and that’s why their structure works beautifully and they are spending 
endless hours to get back to growth because no founder likes to not see growth and 
in this process, if they have to take money, they will take money. Just for your 
information, Kiddopia already has 75 crs of cash with them. So it’s not that they are 
non-cash. They are also a positive working capital business barring the brand 
campaign. So from all of that perspective, they have the cash and if they need the 
cash, neither they nor us will shy from putting in money. 
− Mr. Rahul Jain - Dolat Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
− Right, right. If I am ask one more, on the RMG side, we have shared couple of very 
interesting matrix in terms of how we have done the reduction in the breakeven 
time period. I would appreciate if you could share the right KPIs for us to follow in 
this space to understand how these things will play out and how the monetization 
will play out and what kind of synergies we plan to bring by getting everyone onto 
one platform. So more inputs here would be helpful. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Rahul, on the KPIs, there is a bit of sensitivity, competitive  information vs. public 
information. It is something very confidential information because it kind of really 
exposes you from other challenges which can come after you and this is a very 

16 
 
competitive business. Inspite of that, we came out with the few datapoints, we also 
told you cost issue and looked at what's happening. Let me look at what KPIs I can 
share with you so that it helps you and also kind of get confidence on lead indicators. 
But also not kind of time the business competitive advantage which we might be 
creating. So let me come back to you over the next few weeks on what we created 
out there. Otherwise the growth in their user base, growth in their revenues and 
growth in their unit economics which can be at a high level but it’s an outcome. So 
let me come back to you on that.  
− On the synergies, as I mentioned on the opening remarks, building one tech platform 
which can really power multiple brands at the consumer facing level is the goal of 
this product extract. We have built it now HalaPlay is the 1st one and as we move 
along talking to other RMG players which can be complimentary and add value. This 
is the common tech platform which will come today and this is the same kind of 
positive impacts which we have seen on the increasing ARPUs of repeated users or 
retain users having a primitive modelling on the user acquisition will be given off the 
shelf on any other platform which will come as a part of it besides removing the 
friction which the user may have on their login or on their registration or in their 
deposit. 
−  Mr. Rahul Jain - Dolat Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
− Right, right, much appreciated. Just a clarification, you said something on the 
Nodwin offline events this year would add some incremental revenue. I missed that 
number, if you could share that again. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− 70 odd crores is what the addition you would see this year. 
− Host: 
− Thank you. I would request Mr. Jain to re-join the queue for follow-up questions.  
Request participants to please limit their questions to 2 at a time. The next question 
is from the line of Karan Uppal from Caleb Capital. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Karan Uppal: 
− Ya, thanks for the opportunity. Hi Manish. Firstly a clarification on Kiddopia. The 
revenue last quarter got impacted by Crs due to accounting change which was 
expected to be added in Q4 but if I look at Q4 incremental revenue addition, it’s just 
4 crs. So does that mean that on a quarterly basis Kiddopia has declined? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− No, no, I think you are reading it wrong. It was not 6 crs to be added back to the next 
quarter. It is just the roll over number. What you were doing earlier is that, because 
you were getting monthly data, your monthly subscribers, whether your subscriber 
has come on 28th or he has come on 1st, you are taking it as month revenue. Now 

17 
 
that you have started getting daily data, you have to take a onetime hit and that was 
Q3, the 6 cr. hit that you took. It is not to be added back, so if you look at the real 
numbers, it is 53 versus 54, is what you will look at. 
− Mr. Karan Uppal: 
− Ok, got that, thank you. Secondly on Kiddopia, Manish if you look at the CAC is now 
at 36 vs. 26 a year back. So how high it can go from here? What's the upper limit for 
LTV: CAC to breakeven and also anything on the subscriber growth for FY23? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− I think what Rahul was asking is a similar thing. The choices in front of us is that we 
look at bringing it down to $28,29,30 and throttle the subscriber growth. The choice 
is to continue to be at $36 and that 800k which I said, is broadly at that same level is 
to continue to get what we are getting today. And the other thing is completely 
remove the guard range or cost per trial and go for aggressive growth and kind of we 
look at. Today our breakeven in terms of advertising spends comes in 12-13 months 
which used to be 10 months. We can take a call that when the market is very big and 
strong and you can really go beyond CPT. I don’t think we are at that stage in our 
mind-set. We are saying that the cost per trial remain at $36,37,35, whatever 
number but in that range. As far as the performance marketing is concerned, when I 
will tell you the numbers from next quarter, I am not going to add the brand 
marketing to it because brand marketing cannot be just added to a performance 
marketing and arrive at cost per trial. So I will kind of report it to a separate number 
and give it to you. So that’s what we are kind of really looking at. Are we going to go 
back to $28,29,30 level or $24, no, we are not because we believe that the product is 
very strong, market is very large and we do not want to throttle review subscriber 
addition, just because we want to maximize our EBITDA. 
− Mr. Karan Uppal: 
− So based on your understanding as well as the experiments which we are doing with 
marketing, what kind of a subscriber growth can we do in FY23? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Honestly, the brand marketing, nobody can predict. YouTube as I mentioned, let’s 
say in a couple of months when we talk about June quarter, we will be able to give 
some insights on YouTube, whether it’s working or not working. Right? As of now, 
let’s see them as an experimental idea from a business as usual perspective, you can 
look at 5-6% increase in the subscriber numbers. But that’s what, without any 
experiment, if we are not to do an experiment, if we were to just sit idle or sit tight 
on our cash, I don’t see that as an optimal activity for us to be ok with. 
− Host: 

18 
 
− Thank you. I would request Mr. Uppal to re-join the queue for a follow-up question. 
Then next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Subrata Sarkar - Mount Intra Finance: 
− Hello? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Hi Subroto! 
− Mr. Subrata Sarkar - Mount Intra Finance: 
− My question has been answered. Thank you. 
− Host: 
− Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Agarwal from Itus Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Kapil Agarwal - Itus Capital: 
− Hi Manish. Manish, I wanted to understand the thought process behind the bonus 
issue that you have come up with. I just wanted to understand your thought process 
behind that. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− I would like Nitish to come in. It’s his product to answer this and I would request him 
to do that. 
− Mr. Nitish Mittersain – Founder and JMD, Nazara Technologies: 
− Ya sure. Happy to share that. Like I said in my opening statement, Nazara has had 
22yr. history of creating value for its shareholder and we just felt that to appreciate 
our shareholders as well as to commemorate first anniversary being a listed entity, 
this is something we wanted to do for the shareholders. 
− Mr. Kapil Agarwal - Itus Capital: 
− Understood, thank you. 
− Host: 
− Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Anand Vij – Astute Investment Management: 
− Ya, good morning Manish. My first set of question is on the eSports side, basically on 
Nodwin. So you mentioned that 21% contribution for this full year was from media 

19 
 
side. So if you break the remaining 80% and if you can also talk about the growth. 
The 2nd part of the question is on the number of events we are planning for FY23 to 
come to that 70-80cr. number which we are targeting and if you could talk about this 
year? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Ya, very good question, both of them. So if you look at, I will answer the 2nd one very 
easily. If we look at pre-covid, we used to have India premiership which was roughly 
million dollar property, we used to have DreamHack half a million, we used to have 
NH7 generating around 20-30 odd crores. So we are talking about 30,37,42 and then 
you had other properties which we acquired for more than 20-25 odd crores. And 
that’s the break-up between Bacardi Shuffle, YouTube Funfest and one or two more 
properties. So these are all established properties, long term properties, 7-8yrs. 
vintage but the brands that has been backing them up and that’s where, it’s just a 
low escalation in sponsorship, it’s just coming from what we used to do in 2019 or 
OML used to do in 2019.  
− On the non-media piece, your question of 20%, there are 4 lines of business which 
we have besides media. I think somebody else had asked about IPs. So we have 
white label business, we have our own IP business, we have a D2C business. These 
are the other 3 businesses besides the media business which we have in our 
portfolio and roughly white label business, the breakup, we have not given of each of 
them individually and we would not like to kind of do that. But that’s the 3 lines of 
businesses, besides the media business which we have in our portfolio. 
− Mr. Anand Vij – Astute Investment Management: 
− If you can talk about the growth, if not the actual numbers but how much growth we 
have seen? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Absolutely!! So if you look at the overall growth, around 55pc is what we have 
generated in Nodwin. And if you see media business, then it has grown 84% in Q4. 
All our businesses have broadly grown in a single line, give and take some 
percentages here and there and it is not that one line of business is creating or 
driving the overall growth. In this year, FY22-23, with the addition of Wings, a 
gaming accessory brand and Planet superheroes and the e-pins business, we believe 
that could become a significant contributor to growth besides the offline events 
which I spoke about. And the D2C business can itself emerge as a great community 
unlocking exercise for us in going next 3-4yrs. This year, we may be in investment 
mode on the gaming accessory business but going forward as the scale really 
happens, our operating leverages are very strong and you should be able to see that 
this could be a good margin driver as well. 
− Mr. Anand Vij – Astute Investment Management: 

20 
 
− Sure. My 2nd and final question is on that M&A side. If you can talk about, what will 
be the total outflow and divide it also in terms of cash outflow as well as the share 
based outflow for FY22 as well as FY23 and our target really for FY23? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− I don’t have our target for FY23. As I mentioned, we don’t take a target and say that 
this is the chunk of money allocated for M&A because we are not doing an 
opportunistic M&A. We are looking for good teams first and good products first and 
then really deploy our cash. So there is no target but there are white spaces as I 
mentioned and those white spaces, things are working to pull back. However, are we 
kind of desperate to do a M&A to drive our growth? No. Our M&A is predominantly 
coming from (01.03.01 voice breaks) and we continue to have our leadership and 
dominance so far and that’s where we are. To answer your question in FY22, total 
investments in cash and equity, I can ask the IR team to give it to you. I don’t have a 
handy table in front of me but we can quickly put it and send it to you. 
− Mr. Anand Vij – Astute Investment Management: 
− Sure Manish. That’s it from my side. 
− Host: 
− The next question is from the line of Dipesh Kashyap from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Dipesh Kashyap – Equirus: 
− Hi sir!! Thanks for taking my question. Sir, just to clarify on the 70-80cr number that 
you mentioned happened additional this year, so that is mainly from the OML events 
right? Because they were not happening but when I consider your IP events, they 
were already happening in the online mode. When you do it in the offline mode, 
how does the revenue change? I just want to understand that. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Dipesh, 2 things – India Premiership and Dream Hack didn’t happen, even in online, 
if you see FY 21-22. So those events didn’t happen at all.  
− And 2nd thing to answer your question – how does it change? I am sure you have 
attended lot of online consensus and you know the engagement and energy on 
online vs. offline and the brands really shy away from sponsoring online concerts vs. 
what they want to put in money in offline because that’s where the real energy, 
excitement, interaction and everything happens. And which is why you would see 
many more events happening where the brands will be more and more ok and either 
in your line of field or in my line of field business conferences are starting to happen 
with sponsorships coming along. We didn’t do our events and that’s what we will do 
now. 
− Mr. Dipesh Kashyap – Equirus: 

21 
 
− Sir, any number you can give to Dream Hack and -ESL India event, how much 
revenue they generate per year? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− DreamHack is roughly around 3.5-4cr. or 4.5cr kind of a number, India Premiership 
used to be 5-7cr., those are the numbers we need to go and secure from our driver 
to driver. There has been a gap of 2yrs. and the brands have also kind of moved on. 
So let’s really kind of work on those things. 
− Mr. Dipesh Kashyap – Equirus: 
− Got it. Lastly on the M&A you mentioned that the Freemium segment will be your 
focus area this year. So does it also mean that given the headwinds you are facing on 
Kiddopia side, the acquisition in the gamified learning segment that is 7-12 years 
age, that you have talked about, that has taken a back seat? 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− No, not really. Just that the opportunities in Freemium are far more because it’s a 
game like studio. Opportunities in 7 to 12  are lesser and that why we don’t want to 
kind of do sequentially saying that we will first do this, follow this and then do this. 
It’s purely a function of what is your ability to fill those white spaces across 
segments. Now at the e-sports level, Nodwin has its own team and they can drive 
their own white spaces. Similarly in Kiddopia, we are now looking at them driving 
their own white spaces. The Freemium at the corporate level we need to drive 
because that segment is very small and likewise in the real money gaming. So the 
other 2 segments have their own strength. They have their own team and now they 
are strengthening their teams down below for M&A. So there is no back seat there. 
It’s a function of what we really kind of pickup and move forward from the 
opportunity available in the market. 
− Mr. Dipesh Kashyap – Equirus: 
− Got it sir. Thank you. 
− Mr. Manish Agarwal – CEO, Nazara Technologies: 
− Thank you. 
− Host: 
− Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
− Mr. Nitish Mittersain – Founder and JMD, Nazara Technologies: 
− Thank you everyone for spending time with us. We look forward to be in touch and 
delivering strong results in the year FY 23. Thank you very much. 
− Host: 

22 
 
− Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Liladhar Pvt. Ltd., that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
− Mr. Nitish Mittersain – Founder and JMD, Nazara Technologies: 
− Thank you. Thanks everyone. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
