Ref: STL/SE/ 2022-23/lnvestor Call Transcript /23 
Dated: 24111 May, 2022 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 40000 I 
SANDHAR 
Growth. Motivation. Better Life 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
C-1, G Block, Sandra Kurla Complex
Sandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
Sub: Transcript of]nvestor's Conference Call held for 04 FY 2021-2022 & FY 2021-2022 
Ref; Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule Ill to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With reference to our letter dated 17th May, 2022 related to the Investor Conference Call and pursuant 
to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(ao) of the SESI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor's Conference Call held on 19th May, 
2022 to discuss the financial results for the 41
" quarter and financial year ended 3 I st March, 2022. 
The above information will be made available on the Company's website www.sandhargroup.com. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
V
ECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Corporate Office: 13, Sedor-44, Gurugram-122002, Haryana, India. Ph:+91-124-4518900 
Registered Office : B-6/20, Local Shopping Complex, Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi- 110029, India, Ph:+91-11-40511800 
Email - enquiries@sandhar.in; website • www.sandhargroup.com; CIN • L7 4999DL 1987PLC029553 

Page 1 of 22 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2022 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CO-CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sandhar Technologies, Q4 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks. Good morning everyone. On the behalf of Dolat Capital I welcome you all on the 
fourth quarter conference call of Sandhar Technologies. From the management side we 
have with us Mr. Jayant Davar – Co-Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Yashpal 
Jain – CFO of the company. We thank management for giving us opportunity to host the 
call. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Davar for his opening remarks post which we will 
have question and answer session. Over to you Sir! 
Jayant Davar: 
Good morning Abhishek and thank you for this call to Dolat Capital and to the facilitators. I 
also want to wish everyone a very good morning to all the participants today. As we said 
today and we have announced the results yesterday. I say at a time where it seems after a 
long time the clouds are kind of cleared or clearing and it looks like a happy runaway 
ahead. So with where we are today. With whatever signals we are getting from the 
automotive industry from the market and some of the challenges that seems to be abating 
now. It seems as if we should be back into a flying mode soon enough so with that positive 
note and with that positive sentiment once again a big welcome and I am very happy to 
answers questions that all of you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Anish Moonka from Asterix Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anish Moonka: 
Good morning Jayant Sir, so in the past we made it clear of our ambitions to keep the ROC 
around 20% to 25% in any projects that we partake in however the projected ROC of the 
recently entered machining project is just at 15% as mentioned in our presentation so what 
are the reasons to dilute the ROC in this project. Additionally how big of a challenge do we 
see continued inflation to put on incremental capex. Thank you. 
Jayant Davar: 
Anish thank you for the question so if you have seen the presentation and you have seen the 
machining business that one is talking about. This is the numbers that have been given to 
you for the first year itself. These are annualized numbers that have been given to you, but 
if you look at it and in our history we do not believe that we have ever started a project with 
expected ROC of 15% in the first annualized operation itself. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 3 of 22 
If you also look at it we are looking at the EBITDA in this particular case to be much, much 
higher. We are looking at almost 27% of EBITDA is what we are looking at this particular 
business so as soon as it matures and graduates we will be in that figure of 20% to 25%. 
You would appreciate that when you start new projects they do take time. In fact like I said 
this is the first one where we are beginning with assured ROC of this to begin with. I do not 
know if that answers your question. 
Anish Moonka: 
It makes all the sense, so my second question is on the long term gross margin trajectory of 
the business, so we continually mention of the trend of premiumization and our existing 
portfolio, lucrative exports are of the China plus one beneficiary, adding a lot more 
technological complex products with relatively less competition there by as an outsider 
investor it does look like our gross margin and EBITDA margin trajectory should trend 
upwards over the next 3 to 5 years am I reading it on a right manner Sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Anish you are absolutely correct in your approach and I would be in your shoes asking the 
same question so congratulations on that question. The quick response that I would have 
that obviously COVID has killed many a deer in this particular case and things have slowed 
down not only from a perspective of how we anticipated or how the auto industry 
anticipated. In terms of premiumization that kind of slowed down. You were aware that the 
two wheeler industry for example has had the last three years which have been extremely, 
extremely challenging and one of the things that they have not been able to do at the speed 
that they expected was premiumization because the overall appetite of the industry dropped 
significantly now in those case scenario for them to add more cost was probably not the best 
thing to do. However, as we sit today and in my opening remarks I mentioned that lot of 
clouds have kind of receded and we see pathways ahead. So whether it is in the terms of the 
order book that is building up now on a monthly schedule basis or the call from the 
development teams to aggressively move on to platforms that involve premiumization have 
become quite aggressive from where we were in the last three years. Last three years we 
were following up and asking them what is happening, why are these projects getting 
delayed. This was supposed to happen and that was supposed to happen but thankfully now 
we are back where we are getting calls from them on a followup basis and on the call to 
quickly develop new components that they want to put on their vehicle. 
Anish Moonka: 
That was very helpful Sir. Finally, I was recently reading 2020 article by Oracle on how 
they helped us improve and to automate our processes to improve decision making and cut 
cost, so could you please talk about our IT investment over the past few years and how have 
they improved our way of doing business, thank you. 
Jayant Davar: 
So for us IT is into two particular areas. One of course is the internalization of the overall 
connect ability or connectivity of our businesses with the output of data that we get that is 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 4 of 22 
one. The second of course is also the IT facility of the technical side which not only is the 
involvement of connectivity in terms of softwares but also what we call PLM. PLM is an 
activity in IT which connects all the technical grounds of all our plants working together in 
communization of technical data. So let me explain this to you. We make one component 
let us say in Dharuwada, one in Haridwar, one in Mysore. There are different quality teams. 
There are different customers. There are different materials. There are different suppliers. 
Now at one point of time one customer would ask to us change a certain specification and 
that would change at that particular location. Today with our PLM we have standardized 
formats that exist in terms of our drawing, upgradation, RND everything happens together 
so it is happening across the board so that is one kind of technical connectivity which is 
connected to our design and operational softwares and the other portion is connectivity with 
our ERP where lot of decision making today and analytics today happen on account of data 
that is thrown out from the inputs that are done at every place. So whether it is our HRM 
which is our human resources management, whether it is our financial management, 
whether it is our purchase management on that Mr. Yashpal Jain who is also our CFO is in 
charge of that particular vertical which is IT. I would request him to supplement me in 
giving you this answer. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, morning Anish. Fact is that we are working in Oracle Fusion and majority all the tools 
of Oracle we are using which includes whether it is invoicing to the integration of all the 
various functions within the company. Real time accessible data and analytics part also so 
as of now we are completely I would say into IT mode with the ERP facilities and the 
backup modules also and we are consistently striving towards reducing the paper load 
within the organization. That is all we are working right now. 
Anish Moonka: 
Sir cumulatively with this investment do you see this making an impact on your EBITDA 
margin profile as the business comes back to normal pre COVID levels. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, obviously If you are asking from the IT perspective that investment we are making 
into the IT so what happens that we are using cloud software. That is the annual renewal 
charges that we are paying to Oracle. As far as matter of hardware is concerned or the 
investment in IT, infrastructure is concerned secondly the value addition that we are getting 
from IT. I would say using the ERP modules for the interconnected modules is much 
higher, much larger than what we are spending on the IT right now with easy availability 
information then all our locations as far as the customer databases and the vendor databases. 
We are much more achieving our economic benefits going to that set up that is what I will 
say and it will constantly improve our EBITDA margins. The moment we are going to more 
IT digitalization. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 5 of 22 
Anish Moonka: 
Jayant Sir and Yashpal Sir thank you for patiently answering all my answers that is all from 
me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific 
Investing. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Hello Sir. First, congratulations for the amazing work you have been doing despite of such 
a turbulent three years which we are seeing. My question is more around the industry 
growth rate and specifically two wheelers and this could be rough estimate so I would like 
to know your view. So if we look two wheeler industry they do approx 1.5 to 2 Crores of 
sales annually so if we add all ten years of number I am just guessing there would be around 
20 Crores bikes and if we look we have almost 25 Crores household. I am just taking 
estimate of one bike per household so does not the industry looks almost penetrated given 
the prices have really gone up and people who have not yet purchased bikes maybe the 
lower of the strata so historically I know we have done actually 8% kind of growth rate in 
two wheeler which is now indicative so do you think the previous kind of growth rate will 
come or we will see around 3% or 4%. I am not asking from a one year perspective because 
we had three to four bad years but over a long term five to six years what will you see as 
industry growth returns from where we will get our growth rate will it come for export or 
will it come from replacement demand, how do you see that growth playing out and how 
are we preparing through double digit growth rate. 
Jayant Davar: 
Kumar again a very valid question and I think a lot of this negative sentiment has come 
about with what has happened in the last three years however so let me talk about where we 
sit today. Where we sit today from the month of April that we completed to the next few 
months we have clarity on almost 25% to 30% increase in schedules that is kind of firm 
scheduling not flexible scheduling but firm scheduling post to that we believe that with the 
festival season coming on that schedule is likely to stay on board. Now I say this and yet 
the negative ring of your question still remains as to whether this is flavor of the month 
where there is temporary spike or is that how things are. Now when you mentioned the 
numbers of what you mentioned of 1.5 to 2 Crores of population that we have. We actually 
at one point of time were selling 3 Crores motor cycles now calculate what you will, but the 
ownership of motor cycles or two wheelers as we have is still very low to some of the other 
developing countries  that is one, secondly the premiumization of personal transport within 
itself has not taken of the way it should have and India still is struggling at 30 cars per 1000 
people which is at least 15 times less than what it is in the developed world. Now on one 
end we say that we are growing as an economy. I do not believe that will happen without 
the emphasis and growth in the ownership of private vehicles. As soon as you go in for 
personal vehicle aggregation the jump to cars will happen when the bottom of the pyramid 
which is two wheelers or motorized transport can go up. We believe and if we take the 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 6 of 22 
example of China then the same thing happened at a certain trigger so my belief is that we 
are still much away from stagnation levels of growth in the two wheeler industry. We do 
believe that the numbers that we are talking of 2030 today are higher than two times of what 
they are presently or what they were even in 2019 so I think the premiumization will 
continue, the growth in the volumes per se will continue and a value to opposition from our 
perspective is one the growth of mandatory and premiumization of parts which means the 
parts that are being used now will bring in more technology, will have more value. Locks 
for example that we do, the value of that is likely to be four, four and half times of what I 
supply today. It is already started. If that goes in I get four times the revenue from the same 
product but it goes into motor cycle and even motor cycle do not grow, the value 
proposition for an investor in Sandhar always benefits. Higher the premiumization, higher 
the value addition and EBITDA margins of course because of premiumization go up, so I 
think there is a win-win to that particular level and support. I mean to say that if you look at 
the car market around the world or some other markets around the world we have stagnated 
in terms of world growth, but in terms of supplier confidence in terms of supplier balance 
sheet they have continued to improve because the vehicles that you are buying today are 
much more premiumize than what they use today. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Thanks a lot and two more questions. One Sir whenever any industry goes through a very 
long pain period usually the weaker hands they get  of market and the market consolidates 
and in auto ancillary we have gone through three years of pain so on the ground have you 
seen like the weaker players getting out which is going to benefit those who are there with 
stronger balance sheet that is question number one and second any visibility we have from 
the OEM from the chip shortage if we are getting out of the chip shortage situation or it is 
going to continue. 
Jayant Davar: 
Both questions are different. Let me take one at time. You spoke about, you are absolutely 
correct, there is lot of pain in the industry, however, for us as a company it has been a time 
of opportunity and in this time of opportunity in the last year, year and half and two years 
we have taken on new projects and I do not if you have had look at the presentation, the 
presentation gives you images infact of the new project that have been inaugurated in the 
last few months and some which are going to be inaugurated or go on board in the next few 
months now with that we are looking at a growth of over 40% and if, those are numbers that 
we are kind of projecting are because of confirmed orders that we have so for us it has been 
a time where not only this, we have also been in the market looking for such tamed assets 
but they have to be endorsed by the customers. There have been customers who have 
brought some of these where we gone and looked at them and obviously we will look at it 
when it is accretive to the value for our shareholders so that is point one. Thankfully we had 
strong balance sheet and we continue to have strong balance sheet and therefore we are one 
of those people who are projected to benefit from this low period not from a perspective of 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 7 of 22 
maybe the bottom line directly because of various things but definitely from a perspective 
of opportunity for growth for long time and medium time in the future so that is one. In 
terms of the semiconductor shortage that you spoke about, the information that we have 
today is that things are abating. You will see, I know for a fact that there are so many 
models of both cars and motor cycles and some other product as well where production has 
suffered on account of the supply chain but the information that we have today is that things 
are changing, the tide is changing. The volumes of semiconductor availability are getting 
better. We do not have to wait for new plants to come up around the world for that to 
become better. Some of the assembly lines that had been attuned to electronics have come 
back to servicing the auto industry. Of course the prices of semiconductors have gone up no 
question about it, but the availability is getting better and from what we understand the 
timeline that is being given to us that we need to be prepared for an onset of much higher 
demand in the second half of this year itself. These are indications that we are getting today. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Thanks a lot Sir and wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir I just want to understand how do you see the capex 
outlook for FY2023-2024? 
Yashpal Jain: 
I would reply this question. Largely we will be finishing our new projects within financial 
year 2022-2023 so if you say the capex outlook for FY2023-2024 as of now we do not have 
any plan to go for new expansion unless we had a request in the later part of the year so 
many of the customers or from any inorganic expansion that is one thing. Secondly routine 
maintenance capex yes we always incur as a policy it does not accept the annual 
deprecation which will be roughly around 100 to 120 Crores for the year ending 31 March 
2023 so that could be our capex but as of now all projects will be finished and we will be on 
our commercial production by the end of March 2023. 
Arjun Khanna: 
So what would be the capex for FY2023? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So we have setup a target. We will be increasing a capex of roughly close to 350 to 400 
Crores to finish up our new project plus to maintain our existing assets and portion of this 
will be funded from the cash accruals we will be generating during the year so in any case 
our debt equity ratio or a consolidated level including our overseas operation would not 
exceed one is one. It will be below one is to one. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 8 of 22 
Arjun Khanna: 
If we see this year we had strong free cash negative free cash flow to the firm almost 260- 
270 Crores probably with the capex schedule for next year we would again have a strong 
negative free cash flow to the firm so while you talk of one is to one is there any concern 
that it may just exceed that because earlier we were envisaging lower absolute net debt for 
the company. 
Yashpal Jain: 
No, I do not see it is a threat to us even if we have one is to one ratio and as far in the 
coming 2022-2023 financial year we are projecting a free cash flow, free cash flow where it 
means that if I can add my depreciation to my earning we will have something close to 
around 240 Crores of cash in hand with us. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Right because if I see historically we have never generated even net cash flow from 
operating activities so what brings us the confidence that will happen this year because we 
continue to see reports that possibly the semiconductor issue may last for maybe another 12 
to 18 months. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Basically thing is that if you see in the past our operating cash flow has been positive one 
largely we were investing in the business from the operation itself. 
Arjun Khanna: 
This year we had positive on consolidated basis a net cash flow from operating activities I 
think it was close to Rs. 50 Crores even this year it is just that on a FCF basis the number 
seems to be negative. Last year even though we had 124 Crores of cash flow from operating 
activities our net cash flow, free cash flow to the firm accounting for capital expenditure 
and subsidiaries was yet around only 20 Crores so hence the concern. 
Yashpal Jain: 
No, basically as of now in the current financial year we are excepting the prices of 
commodity to be stabilized so one of the reason of the increase in the movement of working 
capital was to build up the inventories  to avoid any critical situation where we run short of 
the inventories  or to take care of the price escalation so that is one of the reason secondly 
industry overall was facing troubles including the vendors so we have to support our 
vendors, so if you see our working capital movement our large part was used in building up 
the inventories  for the new project as well as the existing project as well as to pay of the 
vendor so that they are also strong and they keep on servicing us that was the reason which 
we expect in the current year to neutralize. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir just to talk on this point further. Given that we are expecting a 40% growth at least as 
the guidance in revenues would not working capital move up substantially? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Actually we are renegotiating the payment terms with the customer the settlement of 
increase also so that is the reason we have considered all the factors and some of the new 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 9 of 22 
projects the payment condition maybe little bit lower as compared to earlier projects, that’s 
all,  so we have taken a cumulative average of all this. 
Jayant Davar: 
Arjun we have been impacted dramatically on account of the commodity increase. So if you 
look at the prices of commodities is the change that has happened in the year in some of the 
commodities for example if you take nickel it has gone up from Rs. 1200 to Rs. 2441 that is 
more than doubling it, if you look at zinc that has gone up dramatically, brass that has gone 
up dramatically, steel that has gone up dramatically, aluminium that has gone up 
dramatically. In the last 18 months or so the amount of commodity increases has tripled 
everyone but thankfully the way we understand today from a geopolitical standpoint from a 
geographical standpoint from what we get from the market and what we understand the 
time and the tide has started to abate in fact turn positive. Now for 18 months the company 
had to do with continuous price increases and that impacted us, some for a long term 
perspective, and some for a short term perspective. If you calculate last year our 
consolidated EBITDA has been impacted by 23% that is a huge number and obviously all 
that goes into the bottom line as well. Now large point of that changes when the 
commodities are stabilized and we do believe that for this particular year irrespective of the 
growth of the industry with our new businesses that we have kicked off and start off 
production has happened and the lag of COVID to a certain extent the softening of the 
commodity prices these will all play into the positive territory for us. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure, so would it be a fair expectation that margin should head up this year again towards 
double digit on a consolidated basis. 
Jayant Davar: 
Absolutely, absolutely no question about it. 
Arjun Khanna: 
The last question is in terms of the interest rates are we seeing hardening of interest rates 
and what is our expectation for FY2023? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well Arjun we are at the best lending rates from the lender. I would like to thank them. Yes 
if the RBI goes with increase in the REPO rates or the bank increases the MCLR rate 
obviously that may impact us. As of now I do not see much hike in the coming period of 
time and hopefully we will be able to maintain within our current level. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Patwa from Sahasrar Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayur Patwa: 
Good morning and congratulations to the manager for nice set of numbers. I have basically 
three questions. The first one I want to understand basically when you say you are working 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 10 of 22 
more or focused on premiumization of product. How much is our revenue share at the 
moment at what we foresee may be in 3 or 5 years down the line what will be the share of 
premium products to the overall revenue. The second I just want to understand about the 
improvement of the EV segment so how much again is the revenue from EV segment and 
what are the efforts we are taking to improve the same and obviously the third one is 
basically when you said that our EBITDA margin has reduced significantly in the last year 
mainly because of the raw materials prices and other thing so how much of that we could 
really perform to the customer and what is the long term impact we see on the margin side 
because of this increase cost. 
Jayant Davar: 
Ok, so let me talk about premiumization first Mayur thank you for those questions. In terms 
of premiumization you would appreciate and understand that all the products that we do 
have a premiumization that is already been announced or is being carried off in some of the 
premium models so to give you an example or the new example if you say, pick up any 
products that we do, if we do products in the line of locks for example I already mentioned 
that some of the locks going into the future not only go up for four times in terms of price, 
in terms of premiumization but some of them even go up to a level of 10 times our current 
selling price so there is huge line that is being build up and these premiumizations also are 
of different categories and levels. There is something which we may call generation one 
which is likely to come in now. Then there is generation 2 which is likely to come in 2 to 3 
years from now and then there is probably stage 3 which will go on board 5 to 7 years from 
now, some of them are on account of passenger safety, some passenger comfort, some 
passenger entertainment and some on account of regulatory mandates that the government 
comes up  under so if you put all of these together there is huge, huge, huge pipeline and 
that is not only in terms of locks for example, it is in terms of mirrors, it is in terms of seat 
belt, it is in terms of any product line. Looking at antenna for example that we today or if 
we look at parking sensors that we do today the premiumization comes from not only 
having beeps that come in from rear parking sensor but from the cameras that get attached 
to it so every product that you look at there is premiumization that is happening across the 
board in every category or product line that we make and supply today so that is your 
answer number one. In terms of EV segment, EV segment in terms of percentage growth 
has been very dramatic. We are of course little constrained in the number of signals that we 
get from the industry, sometimes they are aggressive, sometimes they are not however for 
us a company we are quite agnostic to the EV space. We supply to all the EV suppliers. 
Today I think we have customers almost 42 customers that we supply to so we have tried 
and tested for us it is not a proof of concept for us it a question of out of the 42 that we 
supply today how many of them will survive so if there is consolidation the good news is 
that because we supply to almost all even if there is consolidation and the numbers grow up 
we are part and parcel of that kitty going forward so we do not get negatively impacted even 
whatever the ratio is between IC engines or between hybrids or between EVs. Now the 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 11 of 22 
thing is that as far as the Indian government is concerned they have given some numbers in 
terms of how much EV will be there by 2026, by 2030 and so on and so forth but the fact is 
those numbers are still very small even as percentages. If we were to see it shows that the 
IC engines will continue that power train will continue to grow irrespective of the moment 
of the EVs. At this point of time the customer of course has been a little confused as to 
whether what is long term power train to be brought. If I buy an IC engine today will it be 
available tomorrow, will everybody move to the EV platform and so on and so forth. EV 
still have some space and time to be able to prove themselves on a mass ground. We still 
have to wait and see. If you look at two wheelers for example a large part of the two 
wheelers are still sold at low speed lead acid battery. We will have to see how the battery 
component, battery prices have a hold in evasion as we call it but for us a company it is 
very agnostic as to who we supply to whether it is an EV supplier and IC supplier, a hybrid 
supplier or hydrogen fuel cell supplier going forward. Your third question was on the long 
term impact of. You said something right. I am sorry Mayur what was the third question. 
Mayur Patwa: 
On the raw material cost, the material prices. 
Jayant Davar: 
On the raw material prices, on the raw material prices, if you look at where we are today of 
course the last 18 months to 24 months has been a very, very terrible period for us because 
we had a continuous loss every quarter on account of increasing prices. Now what that 
means that the last three months average price is the price that becomes the price for me for 
this quarter. Now the problem is that if this quarter again there is a rise that is happening 
then I am suffering a loss every every every quarter but when it abates when it slows down 
when it stops or starts to come back that is where the benefit comes to us. On an overall 
perspective typically we are compensated over a period of time. Now the thing is if you 
were look at any price while the prices may stop today but if the average over a period of 
time in terms of inflation does have an impact that impact stays in our balance sheet and 
profit loss account for the entire lifetime and those are only recovered in terms of margins 
that we get from a reevaluation of our cost whenever there are new developments, new 
models or new parts that are designed and taken care of so that can happen only when 
model changes. Otherwise there is as an impact the entire industry works on the same 
criteria of how cost are calculated in terms of commodity so that is why I said some models 
in the last 10 years or 12 years we do have an impact that continues in our books but if they 
are short term kind of model obviously the impact is taken of and incase there are 
temporary spikes in commodities and happen then they come back then we do not lose 
anything because at one time we lose then subsequent times we recover. We do believe 
there will be some recovery due in this current year because prices have gone up to crazy 
amounts. We do not believe those are sustainable and if they are not sustainable and they 
come down, whatever amount they come down to that will be a benefit that will be passed 
back on to us. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 12 of 22 
Mayur Patwa: 
Basically you are saying in the long term you should not have any margin impact because 
of this? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, this is something that happened. If you go back 30 years ago steel used to be Rs.20, 
Rs.15 a kilo or Rs.18 a kilo and it grew from there on to less stabilize at Rs.40, Rs.45 a kilo 
about three years ago and now we have gone up to levels of 90, they have started to fall, 
aluminium similarly, zinc used to be Rs.100. 
Mayur Patwa: 
Yes, but so you know, we are basically whatever the prices? 
Jayant Davar: 
Rs.350. 
Mayur Patwa: 
Basically what we are seeing is obviously what the rise was, is there that we can pass on to 
the customer than you must have any impact on that? 
Jayant Davar: 
Because of the gradual change that happens to be month again, I think in the entire industry 
has woken up today and have  gone back to the OEMs where we are in negotiation saying 
this three month period does not work for us, so we would like it to change, at one point of 
time, this used to be six months that was brought for three times, now we are saying it 
should be done on a monthly basis, if that happens then the commodities will truly become 
an absolute pass through for the entire industry. 
Mayur Patwa: 
Thanks for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
First of all congrats for strong set of numbers in the challenging quarters. Sir, what is your 
revenue target for FY2023 and what would be the revenue growth in the different segment I 
mean through the sheet metal, cabin and fabrication and your code business like locking 
system? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well Abhishek, Obviously I will not be able to give you absolute numbers, but what I can 
say is the investments that have been done that are matured and I have taken off already. 
We are considering the overall revenue even to be on a conservative side to grow over 35% 
for sure. In terms of if you want segmental stuff then there is the proprietary business where 
I think the revenue will grow close to 30% odd, in terms of the dye casting and moulding 
business we believe the numbers of revenue growth will be about over 20%, in terms of 
sheet metal and allied businesses we look at that number to grow up by again in some cases 
because they are absolutely new there the numbers are going to be in triple digit growth, so 
on an overall perspective we are looking at numbers to grow like I said over 35% seems to 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 13 of 22 
be a conservative enough number for me to give you around that, but obviously the margins 
growth is where we will concentrate and those should be much, much higher than the 
overall growth numbers that we are talking about in terms of topline. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What would be the incremental revenue from the sheet metal business because of this 
capacity addition? 
Jayant Davar: 
You want to take that question, you will have the numbers in front of you, Yashpal Ji? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sir, I will take up that question, Basically Abhishek your question was that how much 
business we will be getting from the new projects that we are having, right? 
Jayant Davar: 
You are talking specifically sheet metal? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sheet metal as a segment. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Basically we are expecting revenue, you want numbers from us, I will just give you the 
numbers we are expecting revenue of something about Rs.230 Crores from the new sheet 
metal businesses that the project would be executed during the year. 
Jayant Davar: 
Two sheet metal businesses. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thing is that Some of the units like Mysore etc., they will not be operating full year, for the 
part of the year they will be operating, so going forward in 2023-2024 this figure would be 
much, much higher compared to what I have told. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. I had just couple of questions. One, with regards to the premiumization aspect as 
you rightfully mentioned in the beginning of the call that you are looking at premiumization 
coming back post COVID, so with Royal Enfield one of the key premiumization drivers in 
the two-wheeler space, what is the kit value per unit of Royal Enfield as of now? 
Jayant Davar: 
Come again, what was the question, what about Royal Enfield, the last portion your 
question? 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 14 of 22 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Content per vehicle of Royal Enfield as of now, how it has been progressing and what is the 
wallet share of the key products early you are supplying to them? Because they are also 
having various new launch plans in the coming quarters themselves? 
Jayant Davar: 
Mr. Banerjee, First of all I am happy to announce that all the premium models are with us 
for all the product lines that we do. In terms of premiumization of the model is one thing, 
but premiumization of components in the same model is also there, so from that perspective 
we are a part and parcel of every new activities that is happening in our existing range of 
components that we already supply them to and also addition of many parts that we were 
not supplying to Royal Enfield that have fallen into our kitty now. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
On an average, what will be value addition for the model as of now? 
Jayant Davar: 
In terms of contribution per vehicle I do not about Yashpal Ji, you have those numbers? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
For Royal Enfield Sir, revenue per vehicle. 
Jayant Davar: 
From all of them 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
On an average only for Royal Enfield? 
Jayant Davar: 
On an average Sir if I was to calculate including the wheels, including the handlebars, 
including the locks I would say that are contribution to them would be close to about 
Rs.3000 to Rs.3500, in some models even higher. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
How much will be that compared to say HMSI or other normal two wheeler supplies? 
 Jayant Davar: 
TVS is probably the maximum where I think it even goes up over Rs.10000 a vehicle in 
many case, in the case of Hero depending from model to model it could range between 2500 
to 5000 something odd that is where those numbers are, but of course you will have to 
realize that they depend from models to model. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
By that should it be right to assume there is a long way to go for that Rs.3500 in Royal 
Enfield move at least to Rs.5000, Rs.6000? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, if you look at the overall past, may be goes pass like I said. There are some in which 
there is an averagization for example, for Royal Enfield now we also give them hubs and 
clutches, we also give them wheels, we also give them handlebars and there are some new 
portions of casting that have just started some sheet metal that have just started. The 
potential for there is of course going as much as what we do for some of the others, so I 
would imagine that the potential for us is to go up to Rs.10000 in case we were to take the 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 15 of 22 
entire kitty, some we do not take because their volumes are much smaller so we also have 
the same volume get for us. These are extremely important for us to enter a certain area 
because it requires a certain amount of effort, resources in terms of teams that we built up 
and in some cases it also means expansion in terms of capital equipment or putting up 
plants nearby to service them on a regular basis, so keeping all of that combination, yes it is 
growing on a gradual basis, but I would imagine those are the numbers today unfortunately 
I do not have the exact numbers in front of me right now, but I am giving you a ballpark. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure Sir that is helpful. Second thing in the initial part you said you are seeing some 
schedule orders growth of almost 30% in the coming quarter though it is aided by COVID 
low based partly, from a sequential perspective say from a Q4 execution perspective, how 
are you looking at the Royal Enfield outlook from the TVS outlook from a sequential 
perspective? 
Jayant Davar: 
You are specific the Royal Enfield, I do not have the exact numbers of Royal Enfield but 
suffice to say that if you look at it from a sequential standpoint, you have to realize and 
understand or appreciate that in the quarter that happened, the last year  quarter of April, 
May, June was washout, May was completely shut, June was shut to almost half a degree, 
April was okay, but was in the but it was not a greatest quarter we have lost out on the 
entire, not us per say but also the customers and the OEMs lost a lot of sales. We believe 
that I do not know there will be comparison, because this will be hugely higher than what it 
was in that particular quarter of april, may , june 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure but I am saying from January, February, March of  fiscal 2022 compared to the quarter 
just which went by how are you looking at supplies to them from June quarter to September 
quarter outlook as well? 
Jayant Davar: 
We have started from the month of April onwards, so January, February, March is not 
something that we can look at those you have seen the results of everyone and you have 
seen where they are going and what they have done, they have largely been in the same 
place to a large degree, but April, May, June is where we see things changing, the 
positiveness in the entire industry stroking up and we believe that this is the quarter which 
will make a substantial difference. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, because that is also getting for us it is from the detail figures of April and May till 
date, so as you are also saying that that will only give the contribution per vehicle 
improving outlook for the two wheeler segment? 
Jayant Davar: 
That is how it seems, these footfalls I understand in showrooms and gone up dramatically, 
the export pulls have started to happen to a better degree during the last year also, the export 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 16 of 22 
numbers had gone up and they continue, so the last few months in fact they had gone down 
I see again a traction coming in for the export models, the domestic market seems to 
improve with footfalls in showrooms, so the overall impact, the biggest things is inventory 
has come down. The inventory that was lying with dealers has come down dramatically and 
the entire system has become more lean so there was a time when most of these companies 
who are making their two wheelers, on “Dum Lgaake Haisha” basis, which meant that they 
were just producing not really concern too much about the inventory, the inventories in the 
market in some cases have gone up to over three months. Now those have come down to a 
realistic level and even below, the pipelines now are pulling for our component to be build. 
So, I think it is becoming more and more just in time play. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet Bhaiya, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Hi sir, Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions Sir. You currently have 
about 54% of your revenue from two wheelers, 24% from four wheelers, how do you think 
this trending over the medium term and are there any margin or ROI differences between 
the various segments? 
Jayant Davar: 
Navneet, Thank you, Is that the only question, is there any other question, so I can respond? 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
I have a couple of more, so one of your project which you are undertaking is the SMT 
project which is into  Printed Circuit Boards, USB chargers and a few more, so this is as far 
as I understood a little different from what you have been doing sale now, again which 
customers are you catering to with your another margin profiles and  intricacies in these 
projects better stock suffer that is my second question and my last question is the how 
difficult or easy is it to add customer or a new model so for example I believe you supply to 
Tata Motors in their CV segment, how again easy or difficult would it be to extend your 
relationship let us say a Tata Nexon or for that matter GLR? 
Jayant Davar: 
Let me take that one by one. You mentioned about the ROI in the businesses of four 
wheelers and two wheelers, again Navneet, as a company we look for opportunities and 
those opportunities of course are governed by the ROIs, the ROCs and the affliction and/or 
traction with those customers, so if you ask me as to whether I want to do a four wheeler 
business more than a two wheeler business, the answer is no. We are agnostic because at the 
end of the day I want return on capital employed, I want a good business, so while some 
people could be doing four wheeler businesses, but then four wheeler businesses have their 
own challenges. One, for example, the fragility of the volume of sales, secondly, the scales 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 17 of 22 
to which you operating, the changeover is that happens. So for us it is a question of which 
order can be get and it is that order will be able to give us the return on investment is 
question number one, is the one better than the other on an overall perspective, yes and no 
sometimes this is better, sometimes the other one is better. Our current ratio like you said is 
54% for two wheelers and 24% for four wheelers is that likely to change perhaps but are we 
pushing towards that is the change, the answer is no. If I get more orders and better business 
in four wheelers I will take it. If I get something better in two wheelers I will take it. In case 
I get something better in the electronics I will take it. If I get something in construction 
equipment which is a growing sector I will take it, so this is a coincidence that business 
where we shift today. One reason could obviously be that in some of the areas that we 
operated. The volumes are much, much higher in the two wheeler space. If we make locks 
for example the price of the locks is probably the same in many cars and many two 
wheelers, but the volumes are extraordinary. We are the largest lock producer typically in 
the world if you ask me. As, the same way with mirrors, but the volumes come from there 
and it is the percentage margin is higher than it is very agnostic for us to pick that up that is 
answer one. Answer two on SMT, SMT is towards premiumization of several of our own 
components first of all which means we are now going to be doing smart handles which we 
have already started. We have started USB charges, we do electric steering locks, we do 
parking censors, we do shock Shark Fin Antennas, we do audio, visual monitors, so for all 
of these currently many of these SMT, the PCBs are being imported. Now when you import 
them obviously the cost is much higher, so working with our customers we have them 
agreed that if we localized this there would be a margin player which will go up some of 
which will be shared by the customer and some of them would be shared by us. Going 
forward in our request for electronification and premiumization we believe that these 
numbers and PCB Assembly is required in India would go up substantially and therefore 
these open for us that is the new line of business, so this will be profitable from day one and 
we do not have to go out seeking for customers to begin with, because we ourselves 
internally are going to be customers with the much bigger value and then we get today, that 
is question two. In terms of Tata Motors, see our industry is the quite small. There are huge 
amount of entry barriers. There are only so many people in play and for any component run 
there are only two or three players, in some cases, in our case for example, with some 
models or with some of the OEMs, we are the only players. In a case like this if these are 
long term relationships, so for us to jump into a Nexon or for this or for that is natural. The 
only thing is sometimes there is competitiveness on the pricing. Now that we have very 
strict as a company in terms of making sure that whatever we supply has to be supplied with 
a minimum amount of ROI and minimum amount of margins, sometimes we let some of 
these things go to the others that make sense to them because in the overall run if it is not 
going to get me that in terms of scale, size or profit then we have to be very choosy in what 
we do. You have to understand there are add many number of OEM players in this country 
or they are around the world and so you to be able to service every one, every model, if you 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 18 of 22 
want to get into that risk then obviously it affects your bottomline. So we are the ones that 
are little choosy on who to pick, which model to pick, where to go, it is not as a Tata 
Motors does not know us if these RFQs do not come to us, all the RFQs in the business 
come to us for the componentry that we provide. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take the last question from the line of Shashank 
Kanodia from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Good morning Sir. Firstly, I just wanted to check last year we grew 25% in terms of value, 
so what is the volume growth or what is the valuation net for FY2022 on a consolidated 
basis? 
Jayant Davar: 
From the consolidated, you want to answer that question, Yashpal Ji? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yeah sure, So Shashank, you are interested to know the value wise growth? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Volume growth. 
Jayant Davar: 
What he saying is, what is on account of inflation, is that what you are saying compared to, 
what is volume? We will not have exactly the volume growth in terms of number of parts 
supplied because of the diversity. The number of parts as a number of component of part 
numbers that we supply run into thousands, so some may be supplied in millions, some may 
be few hundred thousand and so on and so forth that is a difficult question for me to answer 
or we can tell you is that on a generic basis, this 25% growth has come in from new product 
lines that have opened and these are new entries into these OEMs for that kind of parts. You 
are aware of the industry right, if you look at the industry, you have seen that while the 
industry has grown much lower compared to how we grown or in fact the industry has kind 
of gone down, we have still been able to manage it 25% growth, that 25% growth has come 
in from newer kind of parts, newer kind of businesses which have started now and which is 
going to help us in a scaling up these growth and the growth numbers that I spoke about. 
Now, we have not taken too much of growth in the industry in our projections for the 
future. What we are looking at is our growth which is coming in from new components, 
new premiumization and so on and so forth. In this particular year that we are now looking 
ahead for, we have not even looked at any growth or numbers that appear from any 
commodity increases because sometimes the pass through that also has an impact, so exact 
numbers to which component we would be very happy to send you numbers in terms of 
comparison if you were to choose the part that you are likely to have information. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 19 of 22 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Secondly, in every concall, we guide for double-digit margins but you are pitting 
performance is hard to depict that, so could you give us a various realistic sense as to what 
would be sustainable margins for us? 
Jayant Davar: 
We have done margins in the past. I answered this question in the last quarter or last year, 
we had at that point of time we had stock expansions and I think we were at numbers of 
between 12% to 13% was the EBITDA margin and we believe that with the combination of 
these diverse product lines that we have that is a margin which should be a standard margin 
for our industry, for our kind of componentry that we do. Of course over a period of time in 
the last year, there have been various changes and there have been ups and downs in terms 
of sentiments, in terms of commodities, but that is probably if you look at that particular 
quarter, I do not have the numbers in front of me, but that was a sustainable quarter from a 
perspective of the output from a perspective of capacity utilization, it was idealistic in some 
form. I would imagine that as a company that is what our take is and that is where we 
should be, so you ask me what is idealistic margin. I would say not just idealistic, but 
something that has been achieved in the past and something that we wish to always hold it 
between 12% to 13% margin. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
In your opening remarks you mentioned about supporting your vendors right in the times of 
difficulty, so does we also with the support from the OEM clients, because even you are not 
down toward single digit margin trajectory and single digit return ratios, so does that flow 
from the OEMs to Ashley place like USA? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, you know the OEMs do have lines of credits and discounting and so on and so forth, 
so one of the reasons for our working capital probably limits has gone up because we have 
stopped using that discounting, they charges too much money for this discounting facility. 
Yashpal Ji, you want to say something on that? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yeah sure sir, basically Shashank the question is that we get the line of credit as Sir told the 
discounting facilities from the bankers nominated by the OEs, but normally the discounting 
rates have considerably gone up. In some cases, they are even beyond 7- 7.5%. At the same 
time we are getting the working capital limits at something around 4% - 4.5%, so what we 
do is that we do not go for discounting from the customer side, we are using clean working 
capital facilities, so that is probably one of the reasons that you see debt levels are shown 
higher because bill discounting is normally clubbed with the current liability that is how it 
goes up. 
Jayant Davar: 
To answer your question, a lot of small scale, a lot of other people in the industries that 
were in pain and where they had no available lines, they went to the OEMs and OEM 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 20 of 22 
supported them, but for us we feel otherwise, because we believe that we are strengths 
strong, we have not utilized that in fact we have given support to our supply chain. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Combine FY2022-2023 by doing something like Rs.500 Crores of growth capex right, so 
what state of asset terms can we generate from that particular segment? 
Jayant Davar: 
Again it will be a hybrid right depending from component to component from the vertical to 
vertical, sheet metal will be different then locks which will be different then mirror which 
will be different then each unit will be different, we do have a working, Yashpal Ji, would 
you have the presentation let me have the other day. If you have it in front of you just open 
it and give some idea. 
Yashpal Jain: 
We are expecting something growth of around 35% in terms of our revenue on the current 
level right one of the things. if you ask asset turn, if I take a total asset turn of my company 
that would roughly if I say it will be over 2.5% in the coming year. With this I will add, 
because couple of my projects will be starting later part of the year post third quarter. if I 
were to take the complete capacity utilization, for example I will take a scenario, 2023-
2024, it can actually go beyond 3%, 3.5% with the volumes. 
Jayant Davar: 
3% to 3.5%. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Lastly, do you see debt picking at this end of this year or you see consistent growth in the 
debt levels also for the company? 
Yashpal Jain:: 
No, debt level like our largely new projects will be finished in the current financial itself so 
we have kept a target to keep a debt levels below 1:1, I mean debt equity ratio and for the 
coming years we do not see much capex investment unless we get some new projects for we 
go for some inorganic expansion and at the same time with the capacity is being used from 
the new business as well as the existing business, we will be on a fast  track  to repay the 
debt also to reduce the debt. . 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Because of few quarters back, your commentary was debt should have picked in FY2021 
itself and now we have almost tripled this year and probably we will have even more debt 
coming on books for this fiscal year? 
Jayant Davar: 
At that point of time we have said that under the current circumstances we had no reason to 
expand there or these businesses that you have seen have been thrown as opportunities on to 
our table and these are all new and these required very quick working in fact some of the 
projects are coming up within three to four months on fully matured startup basis, obviously 
when something like that happens, these are you could consider them inorganic at some 
point. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 21 of 22 
Shashank Kanodia: 
One last thing Sir, on the EV front if you can name some of your clients in the part state is 
supplying to them will be great? 
Jayant Davar: 
I think we have given that in the past. It is a long list. It is a long list of the manufacturers 
and it is a long list of components, so if I have to read them out it would take a while, but I 
would say that in the Indian context of the EV industry, we are participating everywhere in 
fact even to a point are not only the people who set up establishment, some people who are 
planning to set up establishment, some of them which are under the trial and error mode 
also buying most of the component. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
It remains broadly the same vis-à-vis what we do the ICE part or is there some addition to 
it? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, there are some additions to it. In fact there are several components that we have 
developed only for EVs specifically for OEs that work with those clients are current and 
those are completely difference, so it is not interchangeable directly, these have more 
software, these are more electronic in nature, is how it is, here also now developing some 
componentry with specifically only go into EVs in the powertrain. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jayant Davar: 
Once again big thank you to Dolat Capital for putting this together, a big thank you to all 
the participants today. Thank you for all your questions. I am not sure if I have been able to 
do justice to your questions in terms of my response, but sometimes that happens when you 
are talking on the phone. I am hopeful that the next time around the things improving, the 
way they are maybe we can spend more time in a physical meeting Abhishek and address 
some of these things to even better satisfaction and may be detailed presentations rather 
than the one hour  slot that we had today, but like I said in the beginning let me close with 
that saying that while the year  has been  extremely, extremely challenging in terms of 
whether it was second wave of COVID which had disrupted the business in the last year of 
April, May, June which was the crazy upward trend, it was trend, it was crazy, aggressive 
nature of commodity price increases, whether it was the shortage of semiconductors, 
whether it was the negative sentiment in the market, whether it was the continuous increase 
in other input cost, power went up, fuel went up, wages went up in fact in our European 
operation, gas and power was costing eight times of our regular power cost and of course 
where we upcoming BS-VI phase regulations and transitions that were confusing the market 
on EVs and so on and so forth, but going forward now, I think I believe that all of that is in 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2022 
Page 22 of 22 
the past the impact of COVID has melted down, restrictions have been eased and I believe 
that this will give the much needed momentum to the industry, the economy in the global 
health  situation, is also improving, so for us 2022 looks to be very, very positive, the 
commodity prices are expected to be stabilized, the new plants that we have put up or in the 
process of just completed, we will add to revenue, it will add to margins, it will add majorly 
to the content of  vehicle, the schedules from OEMs I mentioned have improved 
dramatically and the first quarter is looking to be completely undisrupted in a sense, the 
vehicle inventories are record low and the chip availability is improving, so from my 
perspective this year should be a good year and on that positive note I want to thank you all 
once again for joining this conference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
