May 24, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543396 
PaYtm 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: PAYTM 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call, conducted on May 21, 2022, 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at paytm.com/investor-
relations/financial-results. 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking you 
Encl.: As above 
One 97 Communications Limited 
compliance.officer@paytm.com 
www.paytm.com 
Corporate Office - One Skymark, Tower-D, Plot No. H-1 OB, Sector-98, Noida-201304 
T: +91120 4770770 
F: +91120 4770771 
CIN: L72200DL2000PLC108985 
Registered Office - 136, First Floor, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019 

1 
 
Paytm | Quarter and Full-year Ended March 31, 2022 Results | Earnings Call 
Date: May 21, 2022 | Time: 3 PM Indian Standard Time 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Disclaimer: 
 
By reading this earnings call transcript you agree to be bound as follows: 
 
This earnings call with the management of One 97 Communications Limited (“Company”) is for information 
purposes only without regards to specific objectives, financial situations or needs of any particular person 
and is not and nothing in it shall be construed as an invitation, offer, solicitation, recommendation or 
advertisement in respect of the purchase or sale of any securities of the Company or any affiliates in any 
jurisdiction or as an inducement to enter into investment activity and no part of it shall form the basis of or 
be relied upon in connection with any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. This 
earnings call does not take into account, nor does it provide any tax, legal or investment advice or opinion 
regarding the specific investment objectives or financial situation of any person. The information to be 
presented and discussed on this earnings call is confidential and proprietary to the Company and/or its 
affiliates and no part of it or its subject matter be used, recorded, reproduced, copied, distributed, shared, 
or disseminated, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part for any purpose, 
in any manner whatsoever.  
 
Statements or comments made on this earnings call may include certain statements that are, or may be 
deemed to be, “forward-looking statements” and relate to the Company and its financial position, business 
strategy, events and courses of action. Forward-looking statements and financial projections are based on 
the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made and are subject to a variety 
of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from 
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and financial projections. 
 
We, or any of our affiliates, shareholders, directors, employees, or advisors, as such, make no 
representations or warranties, express or implied, as to, and do not accept any responsibility or liability with 
respect to, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of any information or opinions contained 
herein and accept no liability whatsoever for any loss, howsoever, arising from any use or reliance on the 
information presented and discussed in this earnings call. The information contained herein is subject to 
change without any obligation to notify any person of such revisions or change and past performance is not 
indicative of future results. 
 
It is clarified that this earnings call, and the information discussed and presented herein, is not intended to 
be an offer for subscription or sale of any securities or inviting offers or invitations to offer or solicitation to 
offer from the public (including any section thereof) or any class of investors. No rights or obligations of any 
nature are created or shall be deemed to be created by the information presented and discussed on this 
earnings call. 
 
This document has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by a regulatory authority in India or by 
any stock exchange in India. No rights or obligations of any nature are created or shall be deemed to be 
created by the contents of this document.  
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 

2 
 
Moderator: Thank you for joining and a warm welcome to Paytm’s earnings call to discuss its financial 
results for the quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2022.  
From Paytm’s management team, we are today joined by Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma, (Founder and 
CEO), Mr. Madhur Deora, (President and Group CFO), Mr. Bhavesh Gupta, (CEO, Lending and Head, 
Offline Payments), and Mr. Anuj Mittal, (Vice President, Investor Relations).  
Before we begin, a few announcements for all attendees. This earnings call is meant for the existing 
shareholders of Paytm, for potential investors and research analysts to discuss the Company's financial 
results. This call is not for media personnel. If any media representatives are attending this call, we 
request you to kindly drop off the call at this point. The information to be presented and discussed on 
this earnings call shall not be recorded, reproduced, copied or distributed in any manner whatsoever 
by any of the attendees. Statements or comments made on this earnings call may include forward 
looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those anticipated in such 
forward looking statements. Finally, this earnings call is scheduled for 75 minutes. It will have a 
presentation by the management followed by Q&A. Kindly utilize the raise hand feature on your zoom 
dashboard if you seek to ask a question. We will unmute your line and take questions in the respective 
sequence of raised hands within the scheduled time. Please ensure your name is visible as first name, 
last name followed by your company name in brackets for us to be able to identify you. The 
presentation, a replay of this earnings call and a transcript will be made available on the company 
website subsequently. With this, I would like to request Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma to kindly initiate 
this earnings call. 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Thank you everyone for joining. It's an incredible moment for all of us that we 
had such a great quarter. I think India is clearly demonstrating a trend of moving towards mobile 
payments. From Tier 1, and Tier II towns, this revolution is now reaching Tier III. We are seeing more 
number of consumers, more number of merchants in smaller Tier II, Tier III towns taking mobile 
payment as their primary way of accepting money. I believe that UPI, which is one of India's most 
important technology platforms, is going to grow even further in next few years, and I believe that 
Paytm has an advantage of taking leverage of UPI in driving more number of customers and more 
number of merchants on its platform. The good thing is that more number of customers are coming 
on Paytm and more number of merchants are coming on Paytm and we are able to drive a 
monetization strategy on payments too. Important to note, that we started to experiment with levying 
some customer surcharges on some products and we have seen tremendous uptake of that great 
monetization on the consumer side by adding such platform charges. And we've seen on the merchant 
side that merchants have started to accept payments seriously and small merchants are ready to 
invest, and are investing, in our cloud and device-led strategy of paying for monthly subscriptions. So 
basically, UPI finally has started to get monetized for us as a Company in terms of how we expected it 
too and how we see it being scaled in the next few quarters. You will see that the consumer payments 
side of revenue will grow. You will see that merchant side device-led strategy where merchants are 
paying for cloud, and for device subscriptions and rental is growing and it shows in this quarter’s 
number also. It's important to note that in payments, which is our primary bet, we believe that we will 
be able to earn all its costs and achieve a better contribution margin for payments standalone also. 
Our bet is payments. Our bet is leveraging payments for disbursement and distribution of credit. I'm 
sure you must have noticed our phenomenal quarter numbers. I believe that payment is giving way to 
those customers and small businesses and merchants who did not have access, but deserved credit - 

3 
 
meaning people who could have had higher CIBIL score or could have got better credit pricing from a 
formal financial institution, these are the kinds of people who are getting access to large financial 
institutions (who are our lenders), and our marquee lenders are getting access to this new customer 
base. I believe that credit, which is in its infancy, has started showing that it is a long-term sustainable 
space, and is going to become a pretty large business for us. Our bet is payment. Our bet is distributing 
credit, leveraging payments, data and access that we have. I believe that our team - which is motivated 
by the opportunity, which is completely inspired to see the financial inclusion and access to the formal 
financial services to the people who deserve it - has done incredibly well in the last quarter and this is 
just the beginning. You can see it from the results and you will see that in subsequent quarters and 
years, we will amplify our monetization, contribution margin and profitability. Like I publicly disclosed 
in a letter, we remain committed and I'm even more convinced that we will be delivering operating 
profitability - that is EBITDA before ESOP costs - by the September quarter next year. It is truly a 
privilege to make you explain our business and share our numbers. I will give it to Madhur for giving 
you a detailed presentation and we look forward to having an engaging conversation post that. Thank 
you.  
Madhur Deora: Thank you, Vijay. I wanted to extend my welcome to everyone. Thank you for joining 
us, and thank you for following our performance closely. In the Q4 FY22 presentation, once again, we 
want to reiterate our mission is to bring half a billion Indians to the mainstream economy through 
technology led financial services. Strong growth in revenue and profitability this quarter. Our revenue 
from operations for this quarter was Rs. 1,541 crores, slightly more than $200 million. This was 89% 
year-on-year revenue growth similar to last quarter. Our contribution profit was Rs. 539 crores, 35% 
of revenue, just about $70 million and this contribution margin like in previous quarters has been 
growing very fast. It's a huge step change from what we did last year, ending up to 210% higher year-
on-year. Our EBITDA before ESOP costs came out at Rs. 368 crores, about $49 million, 24% of revenue. 
This was an improvement of Rs. 52 crores compared to the year before, and about Rs. 23 crores 
compared to the quarter before. In the year ending March 22, for the full year, we did 77% growth in 
revenue. We did about 300% growth in contribution margin and we improved our EBITDA by Rs. 137 
crores. We have seen consistent growth in payments’ key operating metrics; our average monthly 
transacting users is growing 40% year-on-year. We have also disclosed the April numbers separately, 
and currently stand at about 71 million and this is roughly equally driven by the growth in new user 
acquisition as well as consistently higher retention of transacting users, so an improvement in our 
cohorts. Our GMV has grown over 100% year-on-year and now it's sitting at 2.6 lakh crores and GMV 
from MDR bearing instruments grew 52% year-on-year. So we're seeing overall platform growth and 
within the platform we're also seeing growth of MDR bearing instruments. Our device deployed, which 
is a strategy that Vijay was talking about earlier, that merchants are getting very well served by our 
devices. That is up to now 2.9 million devices and we are adding roughly 800,000-900,000 devices a 
quarter now. Our device merchants, this is very important for us, it is strategically important, our 
device merchants account for more than 75% of merchant lending disbursals in the last quarter. This 
is our payment services; our payment services revenue grew 80% year-on-year. This was driven by 
two major factors, growth in MDR bearing instrument GMV as well as payment devices growth. As 
you know we break up our payment services revenue in two parts, payment services to consumers 
which grew 69% to Rs 469 crores. Two major factors are growth in usage of Paytm app like I mentioned 
earlier the MTU has grown 40% year-on-year as well as growth of bill payments use cases. We’re 
seeing rapid scale up of adoption of bill payments use cases. Payment services to merchants are up 

4 
 
90% year-on-year to Rs. 572 crores, again growth in MDR bearing instruments both in the online space 
and the offline space. We are seeing the growth in payment devices like I mentioned earlier. There is 
a little bit of seasonality impact in the Q-and-Q trend purely because in the last quarter we had the 
positive impact of the festive season, but 80% payment revenue growth year-on-year. Our financial 
services revenue was driven by healthy growth in loans disbursement. Our financial services revenue 
grew 340% year-on-year and is now doing Rs. 168 crores or $22 million, for the quarter. Financial 
services include loans, equity trading and insurance. The major part of this is from lending as all of you 
know and I'll turn it over to Bhavesh to maybe walk us through the next three slides. 
Bhavesh Gupta: Thank you, Madhur. Good afternoon, everybody. Madhur, if you could go to the next 
slide, please. Yeah, thank you. So our total value of loans disbursed as you can see, last quarter was 
about Rs 3,500 crores plus. We do believe that this trajectory that we have seen is coming on a back 
of March 21 when we were a bit nascent in our business so definitely that looks very robust at 400%, 
but quarter-on-quarter also, as you can see we are growing almost at about 50% and we continue to 
see this trend as very healthy across business and products. Our number of loans is something that 
we index ourselves on because the entire focus of the management team, of the credit business is to 
see that we’re getting more and more merchants and consumers is the mainstream ecosystem of 
getting credit. So 1.4 million loans in March 2021 has grown to 6.5 million loans and you must have 
seen our April announcements in which we see this trajectory moving forward at about 2.6 million 
loans for the month. So purely from a trendline basis also - this is continuing to be a business where 
we are seeing very good momentum and still at a very, very small penetration to overall MTU. Just 
going into a bit of detail, Paytm Postpaid, which is our BNPL, has had two important shifts over the 
last quarter. In Quarter 3 (ending December 31, 2021) we had called out that we were at close to 
about 3.5 million merchants who were accepting Paytm Postpaid. I'm glad to inform you that now the 
acceptance of Paytm Postpaid has moved to more than 9 million merchants. This makes the 
acceptance of our consumer credit instrument in the country the highest ever because the credit card 
acceptance is still fairly low and hence Paytm Postpaid acceptance across 9 million plus merchants and 
growing makes it a very significant move in making Paytm Postpaid a marquee market product for 
Paytm. Overall on the disbursement side, we saw 400% plus growth. Rs 2,183 crores all what we ended 
up disbursing. This trend again continues. As you can see quarter-on-quarter, we are seeing a very 
healthy growth almost at a rate of 100% and we again see that as we move into April and beyond 
we’re seeing this growth continue. Large part of 6.5 million loans have come through Paytm Postpaid, 
so 6.4 million loans are in the form of Paytm Postpaid and we're also seeing now the ticket sizes start 
to grow because the book is maturing with our partners and we do find that on a month-on-month 
basis, the ticket sizes are starting to marginally go up and we do believe this trend will continue and 
next quarter hopefully we'll see a much better ticket size as the book is maturing. The good piece here 
is that our personal loan business, which last year same time was just in its infancy and the first quarter 
of launch, has shown a massive growth from a very small business of Rs. 68 crores now touching 
almost Rs. 800 crores and in the month of April it is further grown very, very nicely and robustly. The 
important part of the Paytm Personal loan business is that it is pegged on the Paytm Postpaid 
customers and I'm happy to inform that almost 50% plus of our personal loan business is coming from 
the existing Paytm postpaid customers who are actually upgrading themselves and taking a personal 
loan and personal loan continues to be a product in which we have a very decent ticket size, almost 
touching Rs. 100,000 and we also have a very good take rate, because this is a product in which we 
are not only making the service revenue and distribution revenue, but also we have a decent portfolio 

5 
 
upside. The third business for us is merchant loans. Merchant loans have been a bit wobbly thanks to 
COVID wherein we've had some stop-start arrangements in merchant loans. We've had Quarter 4, as 
the only quarter so far I would say, wherein some part of January, in which we again had a small scare, 
of COVID break fee. But if you look at the Quarter 4 - this is a sign of how this merchant loan business 
will perform for us. I'm again happy to inform you that we've seen almost 200% growth in the 
merchant business. This is a mature business. We've been doing this business for more than two years. 
So the book has been revolved by almost two times. This Rs. 565 crores is largely coming to us from 
our devices merchants. 78% of our business that we are originating is from our device merchants, and 
as devices businesses is gaining momentum and strength, we do believe that this particular trajectory 
of growth will only become better and if April numbers are to go by, this is a business which hopefully 
in Quarter 1 of next fiscal should start looking even better than what we've seen in Quarter 4. The 
other important aspect of this business has been that we are already seeing a great adoption of the 
product with our merchants. More than 50% of our value of loans that we’re disbursing is coming as 
the second loan that a merchant is taking on our platform. So it does two things for us. (a) It 
demonstrates the stickiness of the merchant on the Paytm payment platform. So we do continue to 
get subscription revenue, because these merchants are devices merchants and (b) the merchant 
appreciates the product and is coming back to us and making sure that we’re getting the second loan 
and maybe hopefully the third loan business. Quick sense of the portfolio. I do understand that we all 
understand this part that Paytm does not take any kind of credit risk. Our model is very simple: we are 
distributors and marketers of loans, we do servicing of loans and we also have collections outsourcing 
agreement with a lending partner for most of our businesses, through which we have an upside that 
we get if the portfolio was to perform better than what the lender would expect to. Quarter 3, we 
declared this metric. I'm happy to inform you that the Quarter 4 metric continues to be as robust. 
We're not seeing any deterioration of any kind of metric that lenders are actually looking at this 
portfolio for. These are indicative metrics because we manage collections, so we understand the 
bouncing that is happening. We also understand the bucket evolutions that are happening. The 
expected credit loss, the number that we’re quoting here, is a number, that cumulatively we 
understand from our partners is what they're providing for. I can only say this here in utmost 
confidence, so far what we've seen over the last year on a static pool basis that the net credit loss is 
much lower than expected credit loss being called out here by our partners, but we continue to 
maintain a very conservative approach in making sure that our partners are clearly aligned to what 
the risk practices that they would like the portfolio to be generated for and hence always maintain the 
ECL number as far as the benchmark is concerned, while our incentives are linked to the portfolio 
performance of net credit losses. 
Madhur Deora: Thank you Bhavesh. A quick word on our commerce and cloud business; this grew 
61% year-on-year for revenues, roughly Rs. 320 crores in the last quarter. The cloud business grew at 
88% to Rs. 217 crores. We saw strong growth across all of our business lines, particularly advertising, 
credit card, and cloud services. Our commerce business grew 24% year-on-year, slightly slower than 
the rest of our businesses. The main reason for that was the impact of Omicron for three or four 
weeks, obviously travel and entertainment get hit the most. There's a bunch of outside data, for 
example the amount of domestic air travel and so on, which sort of validates the fact that travel and 
entertainment sectors were impacted in the last quarter. Despite that we grew 24% year-on-year. Our 
Q-on-Q impact was on account of the festive season in the previous quarter. These are our financial 
numbers, which all of you have available in our earnings release. I just wanted to call out a few things. 

6 
 
Our payment processing charges grew only 52% year-on-year whereas our payments revenue, as you 
saw earlier grew about 80% year-on-year. That is a significant job that we are seeing contributing to 
operating leverage and profitability. Three main reasons, we continue to optimize transaction routing 
to lower cost payment gateways. We are seeing great improvements in our transaction rates with our 
partner banks. We are in active discussion and negotiations with them. And we also see an increase 
in the share of low cost instruments and mix, including for wallet loading. UPI benefits us, when 
customers use UPI for wallet loading, that is financially beneficial for us. On contribution profit, we're 
seeing a strong growth in contribution driven by margin improvements in payments, largely because 
of what I mentioned earlier about payments processing charges, not growing as fast as revenues. And 
we're also seeing a huge increase in the share of high margin offerings such as lending and cloud. 
Quick bridge from contribution margin to EBITDA. Like I mentioned earlier, our EBITDA improved by 
12% year-on-year. Our marketing cost has declined, 21% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, despite 
investments in sponsorship, because we had a lot of cricket matches last quarter and growth in user 
base. Our Q1 has also got a lot of cricket, including IPL and international matches. So we expect 
marketing costs to remain high in this quarter. Employee cost, we made significant investments in FY 
22 in our sales team for merchant acquisition and in our technology teams, which is why our employee 
costs went up 64% year-on-year. On a full-year basis that went up 51% year-on-year. And we'll talk a 
little bit more about the trends there. We do believe that our current headcount is sufficient to 
support our growth plans for next year. So that's an important phase of our company, where we added 
a large number of employees in the last year, but we don't expect our headcount to go up from here. 
And as a result of this, like I mentioned, our EBITDA improved by 12% year-on-year. As a percentage 
of revenue, it improved to 24% from 51%. So obviously, we're seeing a step change in EBITDA margin 
as well. Finally, just to wrap up, we are on track to achieve operating profitability by the September 
2023 quarter like Vijay mentioned, as defined by EBITDA before ESOP costs. I want to just summarize 
some trends in our business. We are seeing a consistently growing and engaged customer and 
merchant base like Vijay mentioned. Customer monetization is gaining momentum. We're seeing that 
growing engagement on our platform, regardless of which payment instrument it is through, gives us 
monetization opportunities across payment, lending and commerce. Similarly, on the merchant side, 
our merchants will start their journey from free products, such as QR code, are increasingly adopting 
device subscriptions and lending which are obviously monetizable products for us and very high 
contribution margin. We also see an attractive upsell opportunity via lending. We disclosed earlier this 
week that we have now hit the run rate of Rs. 20,000 crores of annualized lending disbursals through 
our platform. On our revenue growth and operating leverage trends we’re seeing 89% growth year-
on-year. We expect this strong momentum in revenue growth to continue. We're seeing clear trends 
in contribution margin improvement, 21%, same period last year to now 35% and we are saying now 
that we expect to see continued improvements in contribution margins. On indirect expenses, I want 
to call out those two investments that I mentioned on the previous page, marketing expenses to drive 
MTU growth at 40% year-on-year and employee cost to drive device deployments to somewhere 
between 800,000 to a million devices per quarter and investments in technology. And we are saying 
now that we expect moderation in indirect cost growth going forward and we expect the trajectory of 
EBITDA improvement will steepen starting next quarter. I finally wanted to give two quick updates. 
One is a sort of clarification. You will see in our income statement below net profit in other 
comprehensive income that we have seen a gain of $125 million. That is because of the revaluation of 
our stock acquisition rights in PayPay. That is not impacting our net income positively but it is 
impacting our other comprehensive income positively. We believe that our stake in PayPay is very 

7 
 
valuable. Secondly, a couple of weeks ago we had done a press release that we are going to go down 
the general insurance route through an organic route. Our board last night has approved that we will 
invest Rs. 950 crores over the next 10 years in our general insurance venture. So those are two 
material updates, which I wanted to share towards the end of this call. And with that, I'll hand it back 
to the moderator. 
Moderator: Thank you Mr. Deora. We will now proceed to Q&A. If you wish to ask a question, kindly 
utilize the raise hand feature on your zoom dashboard. We will unmute your line and take your 
question in the sequence of raised hands. However, a reminder to please have your first name, last 
name followed by your company name in brackets visible at all times. Only then would we be able to 
identify you and take your question. With that the first question of the session would be from Mr. 
Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. Sachin your line is unmuted. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. First question Madhur if it 
is possible for you to give a breakup between UPI and non- UPI GMV and to Vijay's point in opening 
remarks where he mentioned that you guys are experimenting with some levying surcharges and 
some of the other things. So a rough take rate on both of them would be helpful. 
Madhur Deora: Sachin on UPI versus non-UPI split, we have not disclosed that. We have told folks 
that UPI is slightly more than 50%. But that is not a number that we are disclosing. On levying of 
convenience fee, this has been sort of an ongoing activity. For example, we started with levying 
charges on credit card to wallet add money and we're just expanding the scope of that wherever we 
think the customers are happy to pay for the convenience that we offer. I think the best thing to get 
a sense of that is to just look at the difference between our non-UPI GMV growth and our revenue. 
Vast majority of that comes from an increase in take rates.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thank you. Second question, clearly a great work in terms of reducing the payment 
processing charges. So the question out here is how much room for further optimization and how low 
could this go as a percentage of GMV? 
Madhur Deora: We expect to, as a percentage of revenue, and as a percentage of GMV for this to 
continue to improve. For the same three factors that I mentioned, those trends are ongoing trends, 
transaction routing continues to keep getting better. Our transaction rates continue to get better and 
the transaction mix continues to improve in our favor. We believe that all three trends should continue 
to contribute and our payments revenue should grow faster than our payment processing charges. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: So would this be the primary line which shows perhaps the biggest delta going 
ahead from a cost perspective? 
Madhur Deora: When you think about payment contribution margin, that is correct. Obviously, there 
are other reasons why contribution margin is growing very fast, which is the mix of our financial 
services business, primarily lending, going up as a percent of revenue, and that is a higher margin 
business for us. And secondly, we are seeing generally speaking, improvements in our commerce and 
cloud business, as well as improvements in margins also in our commerce and cloud business. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it. 

8 
 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I also would add Sachin that when I was talking about UPI and your earlier 
question that more number of merchants are ready to pay cloud, and device rental subscription and 
because that is coming in, the margin looks increasing and that means that our revenues are not 
dependent on MDR. More and more payment revenues are moving towards a large number of 
customers, and merchants paying for subscriptions. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it Vijay. The third question perhaps is to Bhavesh on this rising interest rate 
what we are seeing right now and I completely understand you guys are more as a distributor, but the 
general consumer who ends up getting the loan is you know at some level a risky base given that you 
know, traditional channels are not lending. So what kind of an impact generally do you see on this 
base and to your numbers going ahead in this rising interest rate environment? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Sachin, two clarifications I am going to make. One piece here is we are not only 
focused on new to credit or people who are typically at the bottom of the pyramid. Important part 
here is that 100% of P&L business is to all the people who have taken a loan and our average bureau 
scores continue to be in the range which is called prime range by the banks and non-banks. Postpaid 
and merchant is where 75% of our customers are already credit tested. And they also continue to be 
in the range called prime range by the bank, which is generally arguably a number of about 700 -725 
credit score. So a very small percentage of the portfolio is new to credit, which gets significantly 
augmented by the Paytm payments data, which actually helps the banks and non-banks to underwrite 
them, and they continue to perform reasonably well. To your specific question, rising interest rates, 
very honestly, the unsecured credit market has more resilience to increase of interest rates, because 
there are margins and spreads for banks, and margins and spreads for distributors like us are fairly 
decent. So far with a 40 basis point increase in rates, we haven't seen any of our lending partners 
come back and increase rates to our consumers and merchants. I do believe if the rates were to further 
go up by let's say, 100 basis points, we could see maybe 25 basis or 50 basis point increase of rates to 
the end consumers and merchants, but given the ticket size that we operate in, it does not have any 
impact on our commercials or has any impact on the demand by the consumers. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thanks, it is very clear and the last question perhaps Madhur if you guys could give 
a little bit more color on the ban by RBI on payments bank for acquiring new customers, the timeframe 
for resolution and what kind of an impact could we see in near term because you guys are not allowed 
to acquire new customers out there?  
Madhur Deora: I’ll let Bhavesh answer that question.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Sure.  
Bhavesh Gupta: Sachin, Paytm Payments Bank, as you know, is an associate of One 97 Communication 
so as investors of Paytm Payments Bank, we have a fair understanding of what the bank is currently 
engaged with the Reserve Bank of India. Our two updates in that regard, number one piece is that the 
process that the regulator laid out for the bank is working in a time bound manner. So we do believe 
that the broader time limit the bank has been given, which is between three to five months, hopefully 
the process should get over. But we obviously are dependent upon the audit and everything else that 
the bank is expected to deliver and the bank is fully prepared to deliver it and has been able to do a 
wonderful job, the last 30 days of demonstrating its intent, and also the outcome as and when the 
entire RBI audit is completed. To the second question that you have said about the impact so there is 

9 
 
no impact to the customers of the bank. The existing customers of the bank continue to manage their 
wallets or bank account, debit card, net banking, as they were doing earlier. As you know that Paytm 
Payments Bank has a very, very large consumer base and hence, their ability to really churn that 
consumer base and merchant base for more activation is an objective, which is always the primary 
objective of the bank and they continue to do that job far more effectively and efficiently now. UPI 
continues to be something which the bank is allowed to do. So we continue to onboard new customers 
on the Paytm app for customers who want to come and add up a UPI handle to payments, and hence 
the customer acquisition is happening. Purely new wallets and purely new CASA accounts is something 
which is currently not allowed. To that extent the impact has been extremely marginal and you could 
see that in our April announcements and MTU that our MTUs have continued to grow. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Perfect. Thank you, guys. 
Madhur Deora: Thank you Sachin.  
Moderator: The next question is from Mr. Bhavik Dave from Nippon Asset Management. Bhavik your 
line is unmated.  
Bhavik Dave: Just a couple of questions. One is, if you can clarify, what is the kind of government 
reimbursements that we would have received? We spoke about it last time as well but this time 
around, is there any monies that came during the last quarter which has got amortized this quarter, 
as well as the revenue line item and what is the quantum that we got for FY 22 for the UPI 
reimbursement? 
Madhur Deora: Bhavik, the reimbursement was received during last financial year for each of the 
quarters and there's a small amount that did come in Q4. We haven't quite disclosed that amount so 
I'm going to refrain from doing that, but it was not a material movement to our revenue trends.  
Bhavik Dave: Sure. Second question is to Bhavesh just to understand this postpaid product better and 
we have like 4 million odd customers here, I just want to understand Rs 2,000 crores that we disburse, 
I understand this is a product where customer might or might not pay on time and revolve over like 
two three months, just want to understand out of the people who take this credit how many revolve 
and extend the credit for a longer duration versus just paid at the end of the month? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Less than 5%. 
Bhavik Dave: Sorry.  
Bhavesh Gupta: Less than 5%.  
Bhavik Dave: Revolve is it?  
Bhavesh Gupta: We do not have an option of revolving, which is a credit card feature. The consumers, 
basis the risk profile, are given an option by the lenders that they can convert their outstanding into 
an EMI. So, therefore not 100% of borrowers who offer postpaid have an option to convert. The ones 
who have an option to convert a very small percentage convert that product. I repeat again for the 
benefit of everyone - Paytm Postpaid is positioned as a consumption credit product and hence if you 
see the ticket size of Rs. 3,500, now moving towards Rs. 4,000 - 85% of the spends are towards 
consumption spends, grocery, fuel, medicines, etc., etc. And the consumers are more willing to pay at 

10 
 
the end of the 30-day period versus revolving or converting to EMI. So, we see that number to be less 
than 5%.  
Bhavik Dave: Sure, and just another point on this is when we see the disbursement growth, right, 
quarter-on-quarter has been extremely good like you mentioned 50-60% kind of growth, but when 
you look at the revenue momentum, right, that's only 30-35% kind of growth that is visible there so 
any reasons why this slow down on quarter-on-quarter basis when it comes to disbursement versus 
revenue growth on the lending business?  
Bhavesh Gupta: (a) that entire revenue is not attributable to lending, but at the same time, a 
disproportionate portion of the revenues are attributable to lending. The mix is an important factor 
as we have said in the past postpaid has a marginally lesser take rate than PL and merchant loans. Any 
quarter where we see a marginal change in the mix, we will find a very small reduction in the revenue 
as a percentage overall, and hence it could appear to be small. In Quarter 4, we did see postpaid, as a 
percentage of our total disbursement increase much beyond 50% of total disbursement and hence 
that’s a small impact and (b) the portfolio incentive is also deferred. So the more business we’re doing, 
the more we are deferring our portfolio incentive, and hence, we will see some back loading of 
incentives to that extent.  
Bhavik Dave: Understood, and just on the payments business, I remember during IPO, we mentioned 
that out of the 50-55 million then customers around 30-40%, or around 50% of customers are white-
listed with three use cases +, or five, six transactions per week, what would be that commensurate 
number now with 70 odd million MTUs that we have and at that time, we mentioned that almost 30% 
of the customers used to be new to credit, 30% with thick files, and 30% with thin files how is that mix 
now and what is the kind of penetration that we've already done within the 70 million if you could 
just talk about that?  
Bhavesh Gupta: 72 million MTU, we have now delivered 4 million. So that number stands at 
approximately 5% of the MTU. We are seeing that on a month-to-month incremental basis, we are 
able to add close to about 400,000 new postpaid users. So this number is looking at a very secular 
trajectory. We haven't seen that number change materially at a downward trend, we only seen an 
upward trend to that number. So we continue to deepen our relationship with our existing MTU 
customers. From our lenders’ perspective, they continue to have more than half of our MTU base 
white listed for postpaid, so that funnel is very, very strong for us. I think we have seen a small 
reduction, instead of 30-30-30, we've seen about a quarter of our customers are new to credit, and 
the remaining customers continue to be credit tested, etc. So we are just seeing as the portfolio is 
maturing and as a product is now getting accepted at 9 million shops there are more and more good 
quality customers, not just good quality purely from a credit profile perspective but customers who 
are more evolved, who have credit cards with them, but they love the product, and the ease and 
convenience of the product and hence we’re seeing a lot more people who are owning credit cards 
coming and opting for Paytm Postpaid, and which is a very good sign for this business.  
Bhavik Dave: Sure and last question is on the credit card itself. I remember us mentioning that it is a 
part of the cloud business. When does it normalize or how do we think about this business? Like if 
that revenue that we originate cards for, like HDFC Bank or SBI cards or Citi, sits in the cloud business 
if I'm not wrong, do we plan to normalize it towards the lending business or could it continue to be in 
that cloud business segment revenue line item? 

11 
 
Madhur Deora: Maybe I could take that. That business is run by our lending team. So it does get 
operated by Bhavesh and his team. It’s purely an auditor discussion point that it sits in cloud. We will 
have discussions with the auditor later this quarter to see if they have a preference for that being in 
cloud or lending. We do understand that from an investor valuation perspective, it might be better to 
have that in lending, but obviously it’s subject to conversation with auditors.  
Bhavik Dave: And any quantum that what would be the normalized, pure cloud based revenue versus 
when we strip out that credit card business, how would the cloud income look, any color, any number 
that you could state? 
Madhur Deora: If we do break it out Bhavik, we'll show historical numbers as well. I'll just hold back 
on that, because that's a number which we have disclosed so far.  
Bhavik Dave: Sure all right. That's it. Thank you.  
Madhur Deora: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you Bhavik. A request to everyone to try and limit to two questions per person 
given the Q&A queue currently and the scheduled time. Next question would be from Mr. Manish 
Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Manish, you can unmute your line. 
Manish Adukia: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking my questions. My first question is 
on the payments business and the monetization there. So again, on the reported basis, the take rates 
were stable quarter-on-quarter, but if I say strip out UPI based on my estimates the take rates even 
excluding devices seems to have seen a pretty sharp jump and this was again on the back of a jump 
that we saw last quarter. So can you just help us understand again, as to you know, what's driving that 
take rate on non-UPI higher again and how should we think about the sustainability of that? That will 
be my first question. 
Madhur Deora: Maybe I'll start, and Bhavesh can add as well. I think there are two major reasons. 
One is the mix effect of various instruments that we process on our platform. And the second is our 
growth, one of the key things that's happening in Paytm is that we are capturing a larger and larger 
amount of non-UPI payments in the offline world through our device strategy. So out of the 3 million 
plus devices that we have deployed, a fair number of them are card machines, which basically, we did 
not do as a business two or three years ago. And as a result, the overall share of all card transactions 
that happen in India in the offline world that go through Paytm has gone up very meaningfully. I don’t 
know Bhavesh, do you want to add something to that?  
Bhavesh Gupta: Manish two more trends that I can share with you. One piece is that our penetration 
is continuously increasing in the mid-market and enterprise segment, which is basically on the EDC 
side and the more and more we're able to penetrate in that area not just are we trapping a lot more 
credit card and debit card penetration on which we make a decent net take rate but we're also doing 
a lot more EMI aggregation now than we were, let's say, doing a quarter back. And you will see this 
trend continue because Paytm not just has its own EMI product, and Paytm Postpaid product, but we 
also aggregate for other issuers of credit card specifically and BNPL players on our devices. This trend 
is very profitable. The take rates are generally much higher than the net take rate that you get on a 
credit card business and that's been a delta that we could see in the system. The second big trend that 
we're seeing it is that consumers coming and making payments using credit cards and other credit 

12 
 
bearing instruments on a platform are increasing and they're happy to give us much higher margins 
and were also able to charge the merchants a bit higher margins on the overall integration and 
convenience to be able to provide to consumers and merchants. And that's really seeing a very good 
uptake for us and demonstration of the great product that Paytm has built. 
Madhur Deora: Just one other thing to add I know you asked about how we should think about these 
trends, I think the right way to look at it is the growth of payments revenue versus the growth of non-
UPI on our platform that gets you sort of to a closer and truer picture of how we're doing. And we 
have said before, and this trend continues that we expect that to be broadly stable and if we do a 
really good job then maybe marginally increase. 
Manish Adukia: Thank you Madhur. So Madhur just if I can confirm based on your and Bhavesh’s 
response whatever we see in the last two quarters in terms of uptake in the take rate you're saying 
it's more structural rather than a one quarter phenomenon. There's no reason to believe that in the 
near term, it will come down again sharply, is that a good understanding? 
Madhur Deora: Just to clarify, I think we don't exactly look at the business on the basis of payments 
revenue divided by GMV. We look at it on the basis of how our payments revenue is tracking relative 
to the growth of non-UPI GMV. On that basis, we believe that there's no structural decline which is to 
say that the fact that there is a lower zero cost instrument in the market doesn't mean that we cannot 
monetize the other instruments. In fact, we do monetize them, customers are continuing to use them 
more and more and more, and we monetize them, and they're quite profitable.  
Manish Adukia: Sure, thank you. And the second question is on just the profitability and guidance, 
which you've again reiterated for September 2023. Of course, you know, the macro environment has 
become increasingly difficult in the last few months. So as we think about from here to the next, let's 
say, five or six quarters, before you let's say reach profitability what are the one or two key things that 
investors and analysts should monitor as we think about, your path to profitability or what are let’s 
say the key drivers in your view that you should be thinking about for Paytm to reach profitability in 
the next six quarters?  
Madhur Deora: I think, like I touched upon in the last page of my presentation, increasing contribution 
margin - that has been driven by improvement in margins in the payment business and the mix effect, 
particularly with respect to lending becoming a larger percentage of our revenue. That's one and the 
second is the growth of our indirect expenses would slow down, they continue to grow, but they would 
slow down. And we have also said, towards the end of the presentation, that we expect the 
improvement in EBITDA on a sequential basis to steepen. 
Manish Adukia: Sure, thank you so much for taking my question.  
Madhur Deora: Thank you, Manish.  
Moderator: The next question is from Mr. Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: I just had two questions. One is on these indirect expenses Madhur so you guided 
that the employee costs will not go up materially so for the full year, should we expect a number, 
which is something similar to Q4 annualized and what will be your guidance for the indirect expenses 
growth and if you could just break up between these four items you have and how should we think 

13 
 
about each of those items? That's first and the second is, again on the guidance, so the September 23 
guidance would assume that by that point, the contribution profits should be in the 40-45% odd 
ballpark, will that be a fair assumption? 
Madhur Deora: On your first question just to clarify we have said employee headcount should not go 
up. Obviously, you know, we give annual appraisals to the employees who do really well and so on. So 
there might be some uptick on employee costs, but I think it's important given the amount of 
headcount that we added last year, particularly in those two areas, technology and offline sales that 
we did last year, we wanted to clarify that we feel like we're fully capacitized in those areas. So it was 
more of a headcount comment. In terms of growth, we do expect it to moderate across the board - 
indirect expenses. Our indirect expenses last year in marketing and indirect expenses grew about 60% 
year-on-year. Our technology and other expenses grew between 30 and 40% year-on-year. So we 
expect all of those line items to moderate. One of the key drivers, to get to the second part of the 
question, one of the key drivers for us to get to profitability is the improvement in contribution margin, 
which I was referring to in the conversation with Manish as well. I don't want to call out specific 
numbers, but yes, it will be one of the key drivers and we are confident of improving contribution 
margin. 
Saurabh Kumar: And Madhur when you say moderate, what should we think about what is moderate, 
like, you know, is 30% moderate, is 40% moderate?  
Madhur Deora: I think if you work backwards from the EBITDA numbers, the sorry EBITDA breakeven 
point that we have made then you sort of get to what those indirect expenses look like six quarters 
from now. 
Saurabh Kumar: Okay thanks.  
Madhur Deora: Thank you Saurabh.  
Moderator: Thank you Saurabh. The next question is from Mr. Piran Engineer from CLSA. Piran you 
can unmute your line.  
Piran Engineer: Hi am I audible?  
Moderator: Yes.  
Piran Engineer: Hi, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Just a couple of questions, firstly, in our revenues 
from services to merchants, could you give us a broad mix of the subscription related revenues and 
the payments related revenues? And I'm asking this because we've seen you know, the number of 
devices we deploy go up 50% Q-o-Q but our merchant revenues are still down Q-o-Q. 
Madhur Deora: We charge anywhere between $2 - $2.5, about Rs. 125 to Rs. 150 on a blended basis. 
Sorry, we charge Rs. 125 for our Soundbox and then it sort of goes up from there for various types of 
devices. On an average, it's about Rs. 150-175 a device, depending on the mix, maybe Rs. 200 a device. 
That's the trend. You are --  
Piran Engineer: No, no. Sorry Madhur, to cut you short. Out of our Rs. 575 crores revenue, what 
percentage of that would be subscription related?  

14 
 
Madhur Deora: Yeah, we haven't given that break up, but what I was trying to help you with is that, 
yes, devices subscription revenue did go up last quarter. The Q-on-Q is purely because of the huge 
amount of demand that we see in the festive season, right? So if you are trying to adjust for 
seasonality, yes, there is a seasonal impact in payment services to merchants, which is pretty 
significant, both offline and online. On a year-on-year basis, that number is up 80%. I know I'm not 
sort of directly giving you the exact number that you want, that you're seeking, but that might be a 
way to think about how to model this. 
Piran Engineer: Okay, that's fine. But then that leads me to my next question, our total GMV is flat or 
slightly up 3-4% and merchant related transaction volumes are down so does this basically mean that 
bill payments by consumers on the app is up meaningfully Q-o-Q because what balances the total 
GMV number otherwise?  
Madhur Deora: Yeah, that's right. Our consumer engagement on our app, transactions, GMV and 
revenue did see a very, sizable improvement in Q4.  
Piran Engineer: Okay and by consumer engagement, it's essentially bill payments, right or could there 
be some other sort of -- 
Madhur Deora: Vast majority of it is bill payments. The customers also add money to Paytm wallet on 
our app. Obviously, they also do money transfers on our app, but if you're trying to compare GMV and 
revenues, yes, there was significant GMV growth on our consumer app, and there was significant 
revenue growth in our consumer app as well.  
Piran Engineer: Got it and my next question is on UPI Lite, how do you sort of think about the future 
of wallets when you have UPI Lite? 
Madhur Deora: Vijay, you want to take that?  
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: UPI Lite is a storage of money for avoiding the failures of UPI. If you would 
have noticed in the initial days, the UPI system was officially kept on hold that you cannot do balance 
check etc. So this is a method that UPI is taking to offload traffic. As far as the use case of a wallet is 
concerned, a wallet is used by customers who transfer money from their bank account to a wallet 
instrument. I mean, as a product user, I can say that wallets serve many different, different 
requirements, for example, like the same wallet balances used in NCMC card, FASTag, offline 
payments, online payments, and so on so forth. While UPI Lite will be trying to solve the throughput 
requirement that banks systems solve so there are two different products.  
Piran Engineer: No, but if the threshold for UPI Lite goes up from say Rs. 200 to say Rs 500 or Rs. 1,000 
rupees, and your wallet average ticket size is also around Rs. 400-500 so then essentially the use cases 
of wallets can be also solved with UPI Lite, right, online payments, offline payments, etc. Do you not 
see this as a threat at all?  
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: At least not yet. We don't see it as a particular usage and the product 
workflow-wise. 
Piran Engineer: Okay, okay, that's fair. Thanks for taking my questions and all the best.  
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Thank you Piran. 

15 
 
Moderator: Thank you Piran. The next question is from Karan Danthi from Jetha Global. Karan, you 
can unmute your line. 
Karan Danthi: Hi Paytm team. I have two questions. One is you mentioned these deferrals that will 
come through, could you perhaps add some more color there, what’s the value of those deferrals, the 
timing of those deferrals, because it feels like it could be quite meaningful and help us perhaps even 
get to profitability earlier, if we get that upside. So I just want to understand if that's also baked into 
your September 23 timing and then a second question I had was related to collections. I just want to 
understand what is your collections related opex and how does that scale from here and can we scale 
it in a more moderate fashion even as the lending book keeps growing at this rate, I know we do digital 
collections to the extent possible, but I'm curious as to your levels in terms of the size of your lending 
book, whether that has to change?  
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I'll take the first part. Our September quarter breakeven is explicitly and 
completely based on operating revenues. Any extraordinary charges like ESOPs or any extraordinary 
gains, if there are any, are not part of the plan, or even calculated or factored in. It's completely and 
absolutely operating revenues and operating costs basis and that's what you should track. 
Bhavesh Gupta: Karan if I understood your question correctly, the first part which is when you’re 
talking deferrals, you are talking about the collection portfolio incentives, is that right?  
Karan Danthi: Yes.  
Bhavesh Gupta: So the way we see this piece is that the way it works is that the lenders expect the 
portfolio to perform in a particular manner. And basis their own accounting guidelines of expected 
credit loss, their provisioning, that this book is going to, let's say, for example, going to give them a 
loss of 5% or 6%. And in our estimates, when we are doing and helping them to collect as an outsource 
partner, we are already seeing on a static pool basis of book that we originated, let's say 12 months 
back, because our average tenure as you see for merchant loans and personal loans, which are a very 
large chunk of deferral incentives built into the entire economics, we are seeing already that, that 
amount is ranging between 1% to 1.5% of the loans that we disbursed. So we do believe that this 
number, as we keep growing should continue to be accretive to our business. Will it become very, very 
large? The answer is no. Our model of lending is not built on deferral incentives. Our model of lending 
is built on an upfront distribution servicing revenue. If you're able to make a deferral incentive of 1-
1.5%, that's an upside that we don't plan for but we hope we can get it upside to have any kind of 
downside if at all in the future which it can negate. But so far, we've seen that number in that range 
bound and we do believe that number should continue within that range. To your other question on 
collections, we have our own collections infrastructure, which is a company called CreditMate, which 
is a 100% subsidiary of Paytm. Now we do three parts of collections. We do pre EMI delinquency 
management, which is using the entire Paytm app infrastructure to reach out to consumers and 
merchants far more effectively, and smartly to make them and to nudge them to make a payment in 
time. That's the reason if you could see that our bounce rates that our lenders observe on the portfolio 
originated on customers continue to be in the range where the prime borrowers behave. We have 
again, the second part, which is a digital engagement model, which has zero cost to us because all of 
it is led by technology, both in terms of digital engagement of the app, and bot engagement, which is 
done through either the app or through our progressive and predictive dialing infrastructure that we 
have. A very, very small percentage of our consumers and merchants have a physical leg of collection 

16 
 
for which we have more than 100 people on rolls of Paytm, which number hasn’t been growing. So 
that number, let's say two quarters back would have grown by about 25 people so we don't see that 
cost materially change. In totality, collection costs are very, very low. I can't quote a number because 
that's a commercial conversation because we do price our business in that manner but it's significantly 
lower than what lenders generally expect in the market from traditional collection companies. So that 
number is not going to materially alter our commercials in the future. 
Karan Danthi: Got it, thank you. Just one follow up to the first question, which is can you then 
monetize portfolio upside by increasing take rates for your lending partners if that portfolio continues 
to perform and is that an annual conversation? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Bang on. It is actually not an annual discussion. It's a six-month conversation and we 
do engage at two levels to make sure that our consumers and merchants are getting the best pricing 
because typically lenders tend to be risk pricing a bit on the north side so our intention is the consumer 
or merchant should get the right price. And obviously in that bargain, we also renegotiate take rates 
for ourselves and that would reflect into our books in P&L hopefully from Quarter 3, Quarter 4 
onwards as the portfolio matures for most of our lenders. The answer to the question is yes. 
Karan Danthi: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you Karan. Next question is from Mr. Nilang Mehta from HSBC Asset Management.  
Nilang Mehta: Thanks for taking my question. My question is regarding merchant loans so I just 
wanted to get a sense that what percentage of these are digitally sourced or do you have a physical 
source for merchant loans as well? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Nilang we have zero physical engagement for any of our loans. We have zero call 
centers for any of our loans. Only for merchant loans in particular, where we have an offline payments 
team who engages the merchant for devices and QR codes. If the merchant needs any assistance in 
navigating through the app, they do seek the help of the field sales executive, or the account manager 
who will be mapped to that merchant to help them navigate the loan on the app of the merchant. But 
there is no field force or a call center we have for any of our businesses. 
Nilang Mehta: Okay and the kind of credit limits you give to merchants is a function of the velocity of 
transactions, which you see through the payment device? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Yes, it is. It is a combination of velocity that we see. So it has four elements at a high 
level. The kind of consumers who come in and make a payment to the merchant, the consistency of 
those consumers coming in and making the payment, the kind of instruments that customers are using 
to make a payment to the merchants - so this one vector. The second vector that we have is looking 
at the kind of value of payments and the number of payments the merchant is getting and obviously, 
the frequency of the payments, is it every day, every second day or the third or the fourth day. Basis 
these two pieces of information plus a lot more intelligence that we have about the merchant, the 
merchant is allocated a limit which is eventually approved or declined by the lending partners. And 
that's the reason a merchant could take anywhere as low as Rs 25,000 and as high as Rs. 500,000.  
Nilang Mehta: And just one last question, if I may, regarding your merchant base, if you could give 
some colour on what is the concentration of transactions and what is the retention rate of the 

17 
 
merchants you acquire every quarter? So out of the 2.9 million like what are the dropout rates if you 
could give some colour on that? 
Bhavesh Gupta: See it depends upon the kind of merchants because at the bottom of the pyramid we 
have the QR merchant, wherein we do find that the activation, if we look at an M6 activation, that will 
be somewhere in the range of 30-50% because these are merchants who have zero inertia in changing 
the QR code. They don't pay anything for it. The moment you come to a devices merchant, which is 
what we index our focus on because QR code is to bring the guy into the digital ecosystem, and 
upgrade them to an IoT product, which is Soundbox or EDC. There we see the M6 activation and 
retention of more than 85% of both types. Soundbox is actually much higher, but on EDC devices we 
see more than 85%. 
Nilang Mehta: Okay, thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you Nilang. Next question is from Mr. Subhranshu Mishra from UBS.  
Subhranshu Mishra: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for this opportunity. Madhur and Vijay many 
congratulations on the reappointment. My first question is on - there's a note number eight, which 
says that Vijay has got around 21 million ESOPs with certain milestones. So if it's possible, if we can 
discuss those particular milestones here. What are they and what are their respective timelines? 
Second is when are we likely to see a profit, the bottom line, not the EBITDA ex ESOPs, is it FY 24, FY 
25 if we can discuss that, that is second. The third question is what happens if Vijay and Madhur are 
both out of the business for any reason? How does this organization go forward? These are my three 
questions, thanks. 
Madhur Deora: Maybe I'll attempt all three and Vijay and Bhavesh can add. On the first one we have 
said in the March letter Subhranshu that none of these ESOPs would vest to Vijay until the stock price 
goes above the IPO market cap. So that's the guidance we have given. So there's a tranche at that level 
and then there are tranches at higher levels. So basically that is the crux of the milestone. Sorry can 
you just repeat your second question? I didn't –  
Subhranshu Mishra: When do you see a profit in which year --  
Madhur Deora: I got that. Our view on how our financial performance should be measured is that we 
should look at EBITDA before ESOP costs because that is the closest to cash operating EBITDA. And 
the number of shares outstanding that investors should use is 695 million. What some analysts and 
investors do is they don't take the 695, they actually take a lower share count and then they start 
looking at reported EBITDA. We don't think that's the right way of looking at that, because the ESOP 
charges are non-cash charges and better adjusted in the share count, because that is effectively the 
dilution that investors are taking. Having said all of that, one additional thing that I can add is that the 
ESOP charge will remain high for 10 quarters. We're now in the third quarter since October 1, last 
year. Since October 1, 2021 when the ESOP charge went up, it is expected to remain high for 10 
quarters and then start coming down after that. That's the way ESOP accounting works. And on the 
third question, and if Vijay would want to add as well, one of the conscious things that we're doing is 
making sure that there's a very, very deep management team at Paytm. We are a very ambitious 
company and we see a huge amount of opportunity in India and below Vijay, and me and Bhavesh we 
have really built extremely good talent at the next level and the level below that and that is the culture, 

18 
 
that is a culture of empowerment, which is trying to build the best talent that we can in the 
organization who also believe in the mission that we do. 
Subhranshu Mishra: Many thanks, best of luck.  
Madhur Deora: Thanks Subhranshu. 
Moderator: Thank you Subhranshu. The next question from Mr. Kunal Shah from ICICI. 
Kunal Shah: The question is with respect to the marketing and the promotional – 
Moderator: Kunal your line is not very clear 
Kunal Shah: So – 
Madhur: I apologize, it's not working. Maybe we can go to the next person and come back to Kunal? 
Kunal Shah: Alright, I will take it offline. 
Madhur: Sorry about that. 
Moderator: A quick time check, that we have time for about three or four more questions, in the 
remaining time. With that will go back in the queue to Mr. Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: Hello. Just one follow up, on the POS device, is it possible to quantify the rental 
contribution and what will be the activation rate post six months currently for your Soundbox devices, 
thanks. 
Bhavesh Gupta: Yes, Saurabh I’ll just repeat the answer I just gave. So we are seeing M6 activation of 
much more than 85% for our Soundbox devices, and EDC is ranging between 80 to 85% M6 on 
activation. 
Saurabh Kumar: Okay, so basically the 150 into this 85% should basically get us to be vendor number? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Mathematically, but it's not to say that the remaining people who are inactive remain 
inactive and they don't pay rent. I'm talking about transaction active. Rent activation typically ends up 
being a bit more. 
Saurabh Kumar: Okay, got it. 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: And rent is itself a function of not just rent but also cloud subscription fees 
that they're keeping we keep doing cross selling upselling to 
Saurabh Kumar: Yes, that part is very clear.  
Bhavesh Gupta: Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you 
Moderator: Thank you Saurabh. Next question is from Mr. Nilang Mehta from HSBC. Nilang you can 
unmute your line.  
Nilang Mehta: [Inaudible] 

19 
 
Madhur: Nilang I'm sorry, your line is not very good. We can go to the next question. We can try to 
come back to Nilang.  
Moderator: Sure. Next question we'll take is a repeat question from Karan Danthi from Jetha Global.  
Karan Danthi: Sorry. I don't have any more questions. My questions were answered sufficiently. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: Sure. Next we'll take the question from Sumeet Kariwala from Morgan Stanley. 
Sumeet Kariwala: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I have a quick question on wallets becoming 
interoperable. Is there any decision on the interchange MDR? It was supposed to get operational from 
April so I'm just trying to get an update on that piece. Thank you. 
Bhavesh Gupta: Sumeet, you are right, this was supposed to get operational from the first of April. I 
think there is some delay in the network to get alignment on tech specs etc. So we do believe that it 
should get operationalized soon as we are pursuing the network, and other participants to make it 
operational. The commercial alignment broadly has been achieved but the operational alignment is 
where some more work needs to be done. So we are hopeful that maybe in the next couple of months 
it should be operational. 
Sumeet Kariwala: And Bhavesh is this the right time to get some details on the commercial alignment, 
in the sense interchange? 
Bhavesh Gupta: No, obviously it is yet not in the public domain but it is in line with our expectations 
that we wanted it to be, I can say only that much.  
Sumeet Kariwala: Bhavesh just one more question very quickly. Would you be able to share as to how 
many loans or individuals in the Paytm postpaid and personal loans would be related to, you know, 
FinTechs, or startups and so on? What percentage of loans or individuals would be from FinTech or 
startup sectors, gig economy, etc.? 
Bhavesh Gupta: Sumeet I'm sorry, we don't track anything –  
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: No, no we don’t do anything to the gig economy. We have absolutely no 
connection whatsoever with any merchant partners, sub-gig economy people. So we don't give loans 
to any rider, etc., that we would have partnered, let's say, with some food delivery service, local 
delivery services. These are the customers who are active, long-term users of Paytm app when it 
comes to consumers and our usage of Paytm merchants. We don't rely on somebody else's data on a 
customer. So Sumeet this is not even applicable for us. 
Madhur Deora: Sumeet it will be an easy question to answer if we were using channel partners or 
doing any sort of other FinTech, or food tech or other partnerships - we don't do that and hence, if 
somebody is a gig worker, that is not a data point that we track, what we track is their engagement 
on Paytm platform. 
Sumeet Kariwala: Yeah, I'm just thinking that some of these users could be using Paytm, quite often, 
and therefore -- 

20 
 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: No, actually no, because these people, as you heard from Bhavesh that these 
are high CIBIL score customers, and this is a convenience generic loan and it is not led by these kinds 
of factors that you're noticing. And actually, as a Paytm user, you're welcome to be a gig user or 
welcome to be, let's say somebody else, but we don't judge on that either. That said, it's a significant 
number of other use variables, if you will. Sumeet it's led by usage. 
Sumeet Kariwala: Thank you. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you Sumeet. Next question we’ll take is from Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of 
America. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thank you. So just one last follow up question from my side, you know, given your 
stock price where it is, and given the cash on your balance sheet, and your timeline on terms of you 
know, being close to a EBITDA breakeven by September 2023 - any thought process for management 
and board to contemplate on looking at something like a buyback or anything to help, we saw some 
of the US companies doing that? 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I'm going to buy. I publicly made an announcement also some other time, not 
because I think it is a plan of a buyback, but I believe that’s a great value. Madhur you can talk about 
the rest. 
Madhur Deora: Sachin it had come up in a couple of conversations with investors and so on and we 
have decided that for the first six months absolutely not. We are not going to discuss it, we are not 
going to discuss it with the board and so on. We may as we move forward, evaluate the environment 
and let the board take a decision on that. But for the first six months, we were head down focused on 
making sure that we meet investor expectations with respect to revenue, contribution margin and 
profitability. You're right with the observation, which is, given our September 2023 timeline, at the 
time we hit operating EBITDA breakeven, we would have a substantial amount of cash on our balance 
sheet, but a very large percentage of the IPO cash. So we do have some options, but we will at the 
appropriate time discuss that with the board. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Madhur the first six months are largely done, right? 
Madhur Deora: Exactly. The first six months are just done, like three days ago, and we will over the 
next few months, go to the board with various options and make a decision based on all factors. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Okay, so there is a possibility in the next six months, you know, depending upon 
how you guys and the board think we might see something. 
Madhur Deora: Yeah, it would depend on a number of factors and the board would have to take the 
final decision, but I don't have anything to sort of announce or guide towards right now. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Madhur Deora: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you Sachin. And now for the last question of the session Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat 
Capital.  

21 
 
Rahul Jain: Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on strong numbers. Just one question, of 
course, it may sound a bit repetitive. With the payment processing charges, we've been mentioning 
some of the reasons why it's been kind of coming up because of transaction routing efficiency and 
scale up but is there a floor that we cannot reach? I know payments have a lot of other revenue 
streams so we cannot directly correlate, but is there the kind of floor that we can define based on the 
kinds of mix we have right now? 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: You mean, take rate, meaning a particular take rate? 
Madhur Deora: I think the question was payment processing charges as a percentage of, let's say, 
GMV, or as a percentage of revenues. Rahul, what I’ll say is that it is fast evolving, and we see lots and 
lots of opportunities - and this is on the cost side, one of our key focus areas, and is obviously our 
largest cost at roughly 50% of our total revenue. So you can imagine this gets a huge amount of 
attention internally. And there are lots of opportunities here and every time we execute against a few 
opportunities, more opportunities open up. It's hard to right now, say where this would land, a year 
or two years from now as a percentage of GMV, but we definitely both as a percentage of GMV and 
as a percentage of revenues, continue to see opportunities yeah. 
Rahul Jain: So is it an ideal way to look at this charge as related to payment revenues or it will be more 
relevant for the entire GMV as a percentage? 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: That’s a good question Rahul. I would say that you should take it as a payment 
revenue because GMV is a mix of various factors including zero MDR, UPI, then government incentive 
comes and then there is subscription revenues or different services that we are giving. And then there 
are different take rate basis products like the debit card of a particular network which is zero, but 
other networks are large, and credit cards etc. So it's simple payments revenue. Should we bother 
about GMV as a number? In my opinion the best way to look at payment revenue is how your 
customer base and merchant base is growing. And how your payment revenues are growing and what 
payments growth will be. If you will start to look at it as a percentage of GMV it starts to add this 
variable where a particular payment instrument's growth is shadowing other payment instruments’ 
growth and then there is growth from other instruments. So I would rather keep it as the payment 
revenue instead of revenue divided by GMV. 
Rahul Jain: Right, right and maybe slightly forward looking but if you could give any idea. Given the 
run rate that we have right now probably for next Rs. 1,000 core incremental revenue we may have 
this extra Rs. 400 crore of extra profits, which means that Rs. 2,500 crore give or take kind of a 
quarterly run rate we will have this adjusted EBITDA breakeven. So what could be the journey beyond 
that? Will that mean that this would be a significant profit pool beyond that, because our business 
does not have a lot of marginal cost attached to a transaction or will we be spending more on the 
objective of reaching this 500 million consumer, from an activation point of view versus we are today 
at much lower number than that. So there at that point, the cost could be a very different nature, 
given that goal push and chasing them. 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Rahul, very, very good question. And especially, this is the kind of conversation 
I do with my team. And I want to share the excitement and the thrill is that we not only will be 
profitable, we will be significantly free cash generating and profitable subsequently. We don't have a 
desperate ambition in the short term of getting 500 million people on our active number level. We 

22 
 
would remain moderate about it. We already have signed up a lot of users, then people who create 
an account, people who were once active, we just went through all these kinds of different matrices, 
and we found out at the time of IPO, that the best thing is monthly active. So the number that you're 
seeing is monthly active. Surprisingly, if I was to quote 500 million customers, we already would have 
signed them up as a customer already, before even the IPO process. When we say bringing into the 
mainstream of the economy, we try saying that having a bank account, credit opportunity, wealth and 
insurance that any partner may like to distribute and give them access. So there is a significant 
dependency on partners' plan to distribute based on technology and access that we provide. It's an 
important thing Rahul as you've said, that it is to be understood that we will be as effective as our 
technology will allow our partner to reach out to the customer base, understand the customer base 
and offer one or two of those financial services. Our business remains payments, which is a spread 
and then our business remains set on credit and then subsequent two-three years forward we look at 
other financial services. So payment and credit, like you said, not only will be profitable at EBITDA 
level, let's say the sequencing wise - it would be EBITDA before ESOP, overall EBITDA, PAT, free cash, 
and then sizable free cash. That's the journey Rahul that we're looking at. We are clear about it that a 
company's moat should be free cash it generates, and the impact that it creates with the free cash 
incentives. 
Madhur Deora: Rahul may I just add one more thing, which is that at the time we hit breakeven, I do 
expect that both in areas like lending commerce and cloud and so on, we would have still barely 
scratched the surface and these are large profit pools, large opportunities, and very profitable for us. 
Rahul Jain: Right and lastly, if I can squeeze in one question, you said something about the organic 
insurance business, if you could elaborate a little more than on what said there? 
Madhur Deora: We re-evaluated our insurance plans and we think at this point, it makes more sense 
for us to apply for an organic venture. We would have 74% stake upfront, 26% as you know in India 
has to be owned by an Indian person. The venture, basis our business plan, requires Rs. 950 crores of 
capital over 10 years. Obviously, this would go through a process with IRDA - of them approving the 
business plan and so on. And we believe that investing and creating long-term value by investing Rs. 
950 crores over the next 10 years is a very capital efficient way for us to build this business. 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I'm going to extend Rahul one more factor here that we look at it as a 3 - 5 
year forward business for us. We don't look at it as short term. Number two, any of these plans that 
we are talking about and a few minutes back I was answering for any other capital gain or other things 
that could be added into the bottom line - we look at the operating breakeven meaning cash that we 
generate from the business and cash we spent in the business remains committed and we are 
aggressively convinced, further convinced, that it will be achieved definitely by that time period. So 
this is more for planning three, five years forward and as you understand these various approval 
processes take time. 
Madhur Deora: And Rahul, sorry - one final point to Vijay’s final point, our focus does not change. Our 
focus is very much what Vijay described right at the beginning of the call, which is payments and credit. 
Rahul Jain: Right. And just one bit more clarification, since we would be investing this money, of 
course, a big part of it will be capitalized. But whatever opex we would be generating over, let's say, 

23 
 
next six, seven quarters, will that have any bearing on the guidance that we’ve given on the EBITDA 
side, or this is outside of that? 
Madhur Deora: Rahul that's what Vijay I think was saying. Obviously, we have 74% of this entity, this 
will be consolidated. And with Paytm on a consolidated basis too, the plan for EBITDA breakeven in 
six quarters absolutely does not change.  
Rahul Jain: Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you Rahul. With that, we come to an end of this earnings call. The presentation 
discussed by the management today, a recording of this call and the transcript will be available on our 
website shortly. Thank you all for joining. 
Vijay Shekhar Sharma: And thank you everyone for joining. It was really good interacting with you. I 
see some hands up here. I want to request them to send an email to ir@paytm.com and we will 
literally take every question as an opportunity to get back to you. And thank you for your support and 
interest in our business. It is humbling, and thank you from everyone from Paytm side. Thank you so 
much. Good day. 
Bhavesh Gupta: Thank you, everyone.  
Madhur Deora: Thank you 
