PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:15:2022-23 
May 23, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Deptt. 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Code:523642 
Dear Sirs, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, 
G-Biock Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Code: PIIND 
Inspired by Science 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015- Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 
31,2022 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Analyst and Investor 
. 
' 
. 
Conference Call for Audited fi,nancial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022 
held on Wednesday, May 18, 2022. The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is 
given below: 
https://www.piindustries.com/Media/Documents/Q4-FY22-earnings-call-transcript.pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries li 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above. 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Biock, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon - 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-6790000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Uclaisagar Road, Udaipur - 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294c2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.corn, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
    
        
PI Industries Limited  
Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 18, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 & FY22 earnings 
conference call of PI Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
                                                   I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank 
you.  
Nishid Solanki: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on PI Industries Q4 
& FY22 earnings conference call. Today we are joined by senior members of 
the management team, including Mr. Mayank Singhal, Executive Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Rajnish Sarna, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. Manikantan, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Prashant Hegde, CEO, 
Domestic Business; and Dr. Atul Gupta, CEO - CSM Exports. We will begin 
the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal. Thereafter, we will have Mr. 
Manikantan, sharing his views on the financial performance of the company. 
After that, the forum will be open for question-and-answer session. 
                                                   Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on 
the conference call today maybe forward-looking in nature and the disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the investor presentation shared with you 
earlier and also available on Stock Exchange website. 
                                                   I would now like to invest Mr. Singhal to please share his perspectives with 
you.  
Mayank Singhal: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for your participation in today's 
call. Last year, we began with the new fiscal under the cloud of COVID 
second wave faced by significant operational challenges at very high 
infection rates in several months followed by unprecedented supply chain 
challenges coming from China, and finally, Russia and Ukraine conflict 
further adding to the chaos and resulting in rising input cost trends apart from 
supply chain disruptions. 

    
                                                                   Page 2 of 15                     
                                        
                                                   While with this backdrop of the overall business operation environment in 
2021, I'm very pleased to report that PI team has done an excellent job and 
continuing its growth momentum on revenue and EBITDA during the Q4 and 
also for the year FY22. The expansion came in despite the challenges and 
high base of last year, both in domestic as well as exports, rising trends in 
input costs. I thank all the PI team members for the winning spirit and all our 
business partners for the continued support and trust in our relationship. 
                                                   Now, in the CSM export space, traction in new inquiries continue with a 
significant number of inquiries coming from non-agchem space of electronics 
and pharma and other areas. During the last fiscal year, we acquired 8 new 
customers. There is a rich pipeline of 40-plus products at different stages or 
scale up, of which more than 20% are from non-agchem products. We are 
targeting to commercialize 6 to 7 molecules in the current fiscal 23. We have 
also stepped up our capacities during 22 with two multiproduct plants fully 
commissioned including chemistry building blocks for Mono Methyl 
Hydrazine, commissioned in various technology initiatives to improve 
capacity throughput of existing plants. 
                                                   Our domestic performance for the quarter was driven by favorable agro 
climatic conditions during the Rabi season supported by price hikes effected 
by key products. We undertook successful launch of one of the new 
insecticides for rice and three speciality fungicides focused on horticulture 
and rice. We have also successfully launched a number of new brands in the 
horticulture segment under Jivagro and we are excited by the whole slew of 
products recently launched and are going to be launched shortly. Distruptor, 
an innovative insecticide launched for rice, Distruptor has a unique mode of 
action to control brown planthopper affecting the rice crop. 
                                                   We are launching two patented insecticide and another broad-spectrum 
insecticide for the crops of chilli, cold crops etc. Provide, herbicide of a cotton 
to be launched this quarter along with dim-out will have as one of the most 
comprehensive crop protection solutions for cotton with an estimate of 120 
lakh hectares under cultivation in India. An innovative nematocyst, Sectin, a 
broad spectrum fungicide both targeted horticulture segments have been 
launched in the current fiscal year. They’re witnessing high swing in the 
upcoming kharif with acreage across cereals and oilseed and mark as an 
increase. 
                                                   Given a normal forecast to the monsoon, the trend is bound to pick up as we 
reach the end of the summer. Although reservoir levels are above the annual 
average, for this time of the year we are witnessing low pre-monsoon 
showers in northern and central India, which combined with the usual heat 
wave could influence cultivation. As mentioned during our previous investor 
call, we have refreshed the PI compass to set a clear direction and mission 
for future growth with the purpose of reimagining a healthier planet, our vision 
to lead with science, technology and human ingenuity to create 
transformative solutions in the life sciences. 
                                                   We’re now cascading purpose vision with a spiky capabilities and value 
proposition across different levels of the organization to drive to a bigger 
sustainable growth in the near future. Given the combined thrust from the 
lifting of the pandemic, induced lockdowns globally and mass injection 
liquidity by the central banks to post intense rates of pandemic agri 
commodity prices globally being firm besides the Make in India program and 
continued supply chain disruptions of channel combined with government 

    
                                                                   Page 3 of 15                     
                                        
focused efforts to maximize exports of value-added products to ensure 
profitable growth of the chemicals sector in the years to come.  
                                                   The domestic segment also enjoys solid tailwinds, record prices and export 
led growth, encouraging farmers to adopt modern crop protection techniques 
for maximized productivity. Our business outlook remains robust and we are 
confident of delivering 18% to 20% growth plus continued improvements in 
margins. For the current fiscal, we see further risk of raw materials increase 
in inflammatory trend, although it is a target to mitigate the risk by pricing 
optimizing product mix as well as driving operational efficiencies. 
Diversification into adjacencies to inorganic volume remain the top of the 
agenda apart from technology scale up, we are evaluating various M&A 
opportunities both in India or outside India to zero down on a few, to meet 
our objective of creating a sustainable different value proposition. 
                                                   Last but not least, we're proud of our industry and customer accolades. As 
announced earlier, during 22, PI emerged as one of the top quartile in the 
very first S&P global sustainability assessments with 82 percentile industry 
ranking. We also won the heritage company of India at FICCI at 75 Chemical 
and Petrochemical Industry Award amongst other recognitions.  
With that, I would like to thank all the stakeholders for their contribution and 
I would now like to hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Manikantan to take and share 
the highlights of our financial performances.  
Manikantan Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Mr. Singhal. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us on the call today. As we summarizing the financial highlights of the 
company for the Q4 & FY22 ended March 31, 2022, please note that all 
comparison is on year-on-year basis and refer to the consolidated 
performance. 
                                                   During Q4 FY22, we reported a revenue of Rs.13,952 million, a growth of 
17% over the same period last year. This was driven by solid growth in export 
revenues by 11% to Rs.11,142 million and 47% gains in domestic revenue 
to Rs.2,810 million. I'd like to highlight here that we have grown on a high 
base of last year, where the domestic revenues grew by 11% and export 
revenues increased by 47% in Q4 FY21 over the previous year Y-o-Y. 
Revenue growth of 17% was driven by price increase of 7% and balance 
from volume growth. The trend of elevated input costs continued during this 
quarter, although the effected partial path through by increasing product 
prices, both in exports as well as in domestic. 
                                                   Our gross margin increased by 196 basis points in Q4 FY22 to 44%, partially 
due to cost pass-through and favorable product mix, which negated the 
impact of rising input costs. EBITDA increased by 34% to record Rs.3,056 
million for the quarter. Cash generated from operations before tax during Q4 
FY22 of Rs.2,640 million. Profit after tax improved by 14% to Rs. 2,044 
million in line with planned effective tax rate. 
                                                   Let me also cover the annual performance for FY22. Revenue was Rs. 
52,995 million, a growth of 16% over FY21. This was driven by solid growth 
in export revenues by 20% to Rs.39,902 million and 4% gain in domestic 
revenues to Rs.13,093 million. In domestic segment, we have grown on a 
higher base of last year, where the domestic revenues grew by 39% over the 
previous year on Y-o-Y basis, including the impact of Isagro acquisition. 
Revenue growth of 16% was driven by price increase of 3% approximately 
and balance from volume growth. 

    
                                                                   Page 4 of 15                     
                                        
                                                   Operating expenses, increase of 24% is mainly attributable to a sharp 
increase in fuel prices, leading to increase in utility costs, onetime expenses 
pertaining to strategic initiatives and COVID-related expenses. EBITDA 
increased by 13% to Rs. 11,460 million for the year. However, there was a 
moderation in EBITDA margin, which reduced by 59 basis points on year-on-
year basis. Profit after tax improved by 14% to Rs. 8,438 million in line with 
planned effective tax rate. 
                                                   Our balance sheet further strengthened during the quarter. Net worth 
increased by Rs. 7,780 million to Rs. 61,204. Net sales to fixed assets ratio 
improved from 2.06 from 1.89, while total CAPEX for the year stood at 
Rs.3,204 million. For the forth coming year, we estimate a CAPEX of around 
Rs.5,000 million. Inventory level was maintained at similar level as last 
quarter to avoid any supply chain disruption and meet customer supply 
schedules and continued operations. 
                                                   Trade receivables relatively flat at 69 days as on March 31, 22 vis-a-vis 68 
days as on March 31, 21. Payable in terms of days of sales has also 
remained flat at 64 days vis-a-vis 63 days as on March 31, 21. The company 
maintained its strong liquidity position with surplus cash net of borrowings or 
ECB borrowings of Rs. 21,642 million, including QIP proceeds. That 
concludes my opening commentary. I will now request the moderator to open 
the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
                                                   The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, good evening. Few questions from my side. In your presentation, you’ve 
mentioned that you've developed the intermediate at a pilot plant through a 
continuous flow chemistry process. Can you give us some sense in terms of 
what are the benefits of this technology in terms of time, in terms of cost 
versus the traditional technology used to manufacture this intermediate, and 
how probable is it that you'll be able to scale it at a factory level? That's 
number one. And how pervasive would it be? How big could this be, because 
my sense is you would have specified equipment for this? The second is the 
net sales to fixed asset ratio has moved up quite meaningfully in this quarter. 
How is there a benchmark that you're looking at, how should we see this 
going forward? Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So I think let me take the question on the flow technology. Obviously, there's 
nothing that is that new to the global industry. It is something which is still 
under works and has been in works in certain other areas. Obviously, the 
applications in certain specific areas are new, which is what we are 
evaluating. Clearly, there is a good enough strong enough case to create 
some value benefits, which we see. Basis of which the experimental data 
convinces us to look at commercialization of the same and bring that value 
added proposition. I think that's the best I would like to mention for now given 
the technology’s uniqueness and our ability to use and apply from IP and 
intellectual standpoint. So, obviously, the company is looking at from there. 
Scalability will obviously have a future and once we learn more, we'll be able 
to put a lot more to it and understand it better.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Yes, net sales to fixed asset ratio. 

    
                                                                   Page 5 of 15                     
                                        
Rajnish Sarna:  
We are already now operating at more than 2x, okay, in terms of assets and 
I think this is given the nature of our industry and intensity of asset, this is a 
reasonably good ratio. However, having said so, there are continuous efforts 
being put in both on our research side in terms of improving the processes 
of various products that we are producing at commercial scale in order to 
improve the time cycles, in order to improve the throughput of these plants, 
there are clear targets set in the beginning of the year for all these molecules. 
So, we are working towards further improving that. And yes, I mean, product 
mix is another factor, which plays out when we work out this effect. So, on 
both two fronts efforts are continuously made at our end so that we can 
improve the overall asset turn and overall capital efficiency of the business. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
There are benchmarks that you are looking at or it's a very case-to-case 
situation. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, to be honest, we are already kind of exceeding the benchmark. We 
were generally in this industry 1.75 - 2 is considered to be a reasonably good 
benchmark, but as you know, we are already doing better than that, and 
therefore, wanting to set our own benchmarks. And every year we are 
expecting to work rather setting internal targets to improve 10% to 12%. 
Again, this varies from product to product. Every product has different 
complexities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question on the growth outlook on the 
CSM side. Now, we commercialized 9 molecules last year. You mentioned 
that we are looking forward for 6 to 7 molecules more. Couple of quarters 
back we did highlighted electronic chemicals being sort of picking up and we 
are ramping up on the non-agchem side here as well. So, just want to 
understand whether 18% to 20% is, because there will be a pricing led 
inflationary increase there as well, so this 18% to 20% how should one look 
at this number probably breakup of volume or realization here. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So, I mean, this price volume in a short to mid-term, as we have already 
explained in past, there is always a legion lag in this industry. But over a 
period of time, these prices are always inflationary, in fact, are always 
factored in the pricing and in the demand. But having said so, this 18% to 
20% growth that we are indicating, I mean, it is, I would say, almost similar 
kind of growth we are expecting both on export side as well as on domestic 
side. Even on domestic side we have a very good visibility in terms of scaling 
up some of these recently launched brands and the kind of new products that 
we are launching. On export side, I mean, mostly it will come from the 
volumes, because most of the price sectors or escalations are already 
factored in. We certainly cannot be sitting today and imagine what kind of 
further inflationary increases are on the way, but so far whatever inflationary 
changes have come in last, I would say, 6 months or so, those are already 
kind of factored-in in the pricing of these products and for new chem things. 
So, considering that we are taking this 18% to 20% growth, which should 
mostly come from the volumes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Secondly on the overall RM inflation side. In our presentation we do mention 
we have been taking price hikes there to pursue the RM inflation. At current 
juncture, is large part of the inflation across the segments is already passed 
through or probably it will take another maybe quarter or so and another, just 

    
                                                                   Page 6 of 15                     
                                        
adjust into it, the channel inventory on the domestic side, how is the situation 
there on the ground? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So major part is already passed through, but yes there are several 
products, because again there is always a legion lag. Some campaigns are 
running, some campaigns have to start. And so in this kind of a scenario for 
some campaign products you have some inventory, for some other products 
you're buying inventory. So depending on different scenarios, if I see overall, 
I think significant part of this has already been passed through, but yes there 
is still room and scope for passing through for the remaining products, which 
will happen in next quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishnu Kumar from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Sir, in the past you had told that many of the CSM contracts we have more 
like a per kilo margin or a per ton margin is what we operate with. So, any 
costs generally get passed through. But this inflationary scenario we have 
maintained top line growth, we also expanded margins, slightly 
counterintuitive in terms of our past understanding because the ocular 
margin remains the same the margin should probably come off a little, so if 
you could explain to us what is different in the past versus now. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, it is same as what we have explained and what we have achieved. These 
differentials not necessarily come from the increase in the given products 
and their margins, change in product mix also contributes to the overall 
margin. And that is also important factor which has played out. Over the 
period or over the year or two years, there is a change in business mix 
between domestic and export. And within the business or within the segment, 
there is also change in product mix. Certain products which are at early stage 
of their life cycles have obviously they have better margins compared to 
some of the products which are a little down the lifecycle of their product 
portfolio. The overall understanding is the same as you just mentioned that 
there are transparent costs, which are very much shared with our business 
partners, and very clear understanding on uptrend, downtrend, these are 
passed through. So, that the margins in the products are maintained in a 
given scenario kind of increasing margin that's not the kind of situation and 
not the understanding. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Any intermediate where you had in the past you were mentioning 
that you are developing some intermediates at your own those are 
contributing to the margin delta is that the answer to the question? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, that's not the case here and in this overall big picture, that doesn't make 
a significant impact in any case. It is mainly driven by the change in product 
mix which has. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, any thoughts you can give of our fearsome exports, how many 
products would or in terms of contribution what is the early-stage molecules, 
what is advanced-stage molecule, some percentages, how would this 
change in the last few years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We can talk separately over it. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Sir, one final question on the asset utilizations, you had mentioned that we  
could be doing more than what the asset tons that we were historically doing 
because of certain change in processes and you mentioned, is that more or 

    
                                                                   Page 7 of 15                     
                                        
less done or we still have some gap before which we need to start investing 
a lot for capacities? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, as I have mentioned to the earlier participant that we are operating at a 
very efficient level in terms of asset ton, but it's a continuous improvement 
process. I mean, we are very effectively working on further improvements on 
both sides, whether it is process improvement or whether it is even further 
improving the product mix so that the overall throughput from the plant, 
revenue from the plant, margin from the plant can improve. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
This Rs. 500 crore we are investing how many plants or any multi - purpose 
plants will be adding this year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, this is not being spent on one plant or two plants. There are different 
categories of Capex, there is maintenance Capex, there is Capex towards 
some of the research side and capital efficiently and process improvement 
side. So, yes, I mean, there are different categories of Capex included here. 
But, yes, it will be more than one and a half kind of MPP capacity that will 
create.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, you have earlier guided that your asset turns which you are aspiring to 
go up to close to 2.2 to 2.4x, you still maintain that with the rising inflationary 
scenario. And also on our Greenfield capacity additions and on top of this 
Rs. 500 crore Capex plans, can you guide us any further Capex plans for 
future? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, so we are working, towards that improvement. I mean, we are already 
at over I think 2.1 or something. And I'm sure that the kind of effort that our 
teams are making both on research side, new products getting 
commercialized, product mix improving, I'm sure that there is a scope and 
we will surely be achieving better returns over the years. In terms of 
investment in greenfield, frankly at this point there is no such plan, because 
we have still in scope for expansion at our existing sites. So, therefore, we 
are considering some brownfield projects in the current year, next year, and 
because there is scope for expansion at a couple of our sites, existing sites. 
So, as and when we will need some additional area or greenfield, yes, we 
will surely evaluate at that point in time. But at this point, there's no such plan. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, sir just to clarify that right our existing facilities you think that how much 
investment, further investment it can absorb and also you mentioned Rs. 500 
crore Capex for the current year, right? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, how much along with, I mean, despite the Rs. 500 crore for this year, 
how much do you think that your current facilities without getting into new 
greenfield can absorb in terms of money investment? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, we have for next, I would say, next two, three MPPs and we can still 
get them at our existing sites, we have space in Jambusar, we have space 
in one of the sites in Ankleshwar, we have some other sites available. So, in 
that sense, there is scope for at least, I would say, next couple of years of 
expansion. There is no need for us to go and acquire land and start from 
scratch that is not the kind of scenario we are in at this point. 

    
                                                                   Page 8 of 15                     
                                        
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, another is on our pharma acquisition, any lead you can provide us. I know 
that we have been talking about it from last every quarter, but I think that 
there would have been some challenges and delays anything, any visibility 
in freezing there so. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
So, no challenges or difficulties. We are very actively evaluating some 
options okay both on CSM side, API side in India or outside India. So, there 
are some interesting propositions, opportunities we are evaluating and we 
shall certainly announce when we get to a definitive stage. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, you mentioned that there is enough and very attractive opportunities 
coming from the non-ag space, especially in non-agri and non-pharma 
space, a new age chemicals and all. You also gave I think some number of 
20% revenues coming from non-ag space. Can you sir little bit guide more 
toward is and how the pipeline and I think that you also mentioned that 
acquired 8 new products in the new agri, I mean, non-agri space, so what 
are these product pipelines looking and how do you see that this non-agri 
space going forward in next three years? What kind of revenue contribution 
it can have from non-agchem space if you can give some more elaborated 
numbers on that. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We have never indicated or said that 20% revenue coming from non-agchem 
that is not the case. 20% references to the number of molecules that are 
there in the R&D pipeline. I know we have say close to 40, 40-plus kind of 
projects at this point in time in R&D and a significant number, particularly in 
last one, one and a half years significant number of projects, inquiries and 
projects which have progressed in R&D are from non-agchem segment. I will 
also request my colleague Dr. Atul to also put some light on how the progress 
is happening on some of these non-agchem inquiries in R&D. 
Dr. Atul Gupta: 
Yes. So, Rohan, on the non-agchem segment, we are building a state of art 
and accordingly the R&D infrastructure is also being aligned and created to 
start having a right kind of focus on the non-agchem molecules.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Rangnekar from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
I just had one question on the on one of the points that you mentioned in the 
presentation. You mentioned that there should be two new process 
innovations that will be commercialized in FY23, could you just provide some 
color on which part of the analyzed and this would impact what kind of benefit 
that you’ve been seeing. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, it is on products. I'm not sure what are you talking about P&L item, but 
it is on products, where we've got certain process innovations, which are 
getting commercialized. Yes, we've commercialized one. It’ll scale up with 
time. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
That would lead to better costs or more revenue. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This helps in sustaining some of these businesses that we are in. The 
moment we get into these innovative processes, I mean, that ensure the 
long-term stickiness of those businesses, and that is the key driver to get into 
these innovative processes. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
Got it. Sir, this is primarily on the existing products that you have that going 
to make the process more efficient, is that understanding right? 

    
                                                                   Page 9 of 15                     
                                        
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, one, I mean, one of them is existing and one of them is the new in 
process pipeline product that we are currently working. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
Got it. Thank you. Just one more on the domestic part. So this in FY22 we've 
seen that your kharif to overall sales ratio, the ratio of kharif sales to overall 
domestic agchem sales have come down, which kind of reduces the 
seasonality in that part of the business. Would we expect the similar ratio to 
continue or is there some kind of inventory punching off in Q4 or something 
that has happened which will not be there next year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, in fact, last financial year, if you recall, kharif was not at all good. I mean, 
even for the industry, given the rainfall, the vote in terms of timing and 
distribution and various other agro climatic conditions, the kharif season was 
not great for overall industry. So I don't think that can be taken as a 
representative case for every year.  Although it is quite early, but there are 
announcements of normal monsoon in the current fiscal, there are also 
announcements of good acreages in for various crops. So, at this stage, we 
hope that kharif should be normal here, normal for this season.  
Prashant Hegde: 
So, yes, it's a good question. Look, as we start introducing new products, we 
are also expanding into wheat crop, we are also expanding it to horticulture. 
So these are all basically more of Q2, Q3 and Q4. As we start scaling up 
these products, there will be a little bit of higher sales which we can see in 
the second half of the year. Having said that, kharif is going to be still a major 
season for us. But yes there will be more spread I can say. But in the 
immediate 2022-23 so we will see kharif is major.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead 
Chintan Modi: 
Sir, with the 6 to 7 new molecules that you are planning to commercialize, 
are these also agrochemical side or this would include non-agrochem also? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, mostly from agro, I mean, out of 7 I think 4 products are from agchem 
and 3 from non-agchem space. 
Chintan Modi: 
In your commentary when you mentioned that you are seeing good number 
of inquiries coming in from non-agchem side, are you also seeing similar kind 
of excitement on the agchem side or there is some kind of moderation also 
happening over there? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, we are seeing good traction even in inquiries of the agchem space.  
Mayank Singhal: 
As you can see that overall inquiry rate has gone up by 2x. So, it's indicator 
of both shortly. 
Chintan Modi: 
Sure. And one more just to understand like in such inflationary, when there 
is such so much of rapid inflation, which impacts the Capex cost as well. So, 
especially, when you have committed price for a molecule to your customer 
and post that the Capex what you have planned, the cost goes up 
significantly. So, in such cases, how do you approach, is it like the ROE has 
kind of taken a hit or you’re still able to kind of manage that. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, generally in these molecules that we work and the kind of relationship 
that we have with these global companies these things are very much 
understandable. They also understand that if, for example, if Rs.100 Capex 
is becoming Rs.150, I mean, obviously, there has to be overall proposition 

    
                                                                   Page 10 of 15                     
                                       
which should be sustainable for their business partner who is getting into 
supply. So, in these kind of business scenarios, we sit together, we very 
transparently discuss deliberate on these situations and these things are very 
much considered from their side. Generally what happened that it is not that 
we have done the contract and when we get into the Capex spending, both 
things happen together, okay. There is an understanding, broad 
understanding, then we start budgeting the spending. And if there is some 
change in the budgeting, I mean, we very transparently discuss with our 
business partners who, I mean, in most cases they consider these changes 
given the kind of scenarios that we are in and these become part of the 
revised plans and revised pricing structure. 
Chintan Modi: 
What should be the tax rate that one should assume for next two year? 
Manikantan Viswanathan: 
Yes. Effective tax of 18% to 19% we can assume for next two year.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you quantify the margin expansion you’re talking about and what was 
the reason for the margin expansion? The second question is the Capex for 
the FY23 and 24. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
So, Capex we have guided close to Rs.500-odd crore for FY23. It is a little 
early for us to kind of integrate number for next financial year, but yes, I mean 
tentatively we say that Rs.350 crore, Rs.400 crore is what the kind of rate 
that we are currently thinking. But yes I mean the more finer number would 
be known maybe later in the year. Your earlier question in terms of margin 
expansion, so margin expansion we are, I mean, in the kind of scenario that 
we are sitting today, where it is difficult to kind of predict that, what is the kind 
of cost trend that we are going to see both on raw materials and fuels and 
other convergence, it is really very difficult to put a number that whether it is 
100 basis point or 200 basis point. But what kind of visibility that we have 
today is that there is certainly going to be some operating leverage with the 
kind of growth that we are talking, 20% growth. And therefore, I mean, we 
have a good headroom to improve margins from the current level that is one. 
Secondly, in the second half or second half of last year, okay, we have 
commission at least four new products, commercialized four new products. 
And you can imagine that in the initial commissioning time there are 
inefficiencies and all those things. So, we expect that in the current fiscal we 
will be able to certainly improve on those processes cost, and therefore, there 
is some room to improve overall gross margins and also because of 
operating leverage EBITDA margin, but at this point in time, I'll try not to put 
some number on it. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, can you give the breakup of Rs. 500 crore we are talking about Capex in 
CSM and domestic business, overall how many plants we are putting? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, it will be mostly in the CSM space, because we hardly do Capex in our 
domestic marketing distribution. 
Sumant Kumar: 
The Rs.500 crore for CSM, how many plants we are installing? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, I already answered this question my friend to the earlier participant that 
there are different sections of this Capex. For example, there is Capex for 
maintenance, there is Capex in our research and development center, there 
is Capex in all these new technologies we are developing for future. So, it is 

    
                                                                   Page 11 of 15                     
                                       
not that all Capex is going for building a multiproduct plant or capacity. As I 
mentioned to the earlier participant, yes, capacity to the tune of one to one 
and a half multiproduct plant will certainly be there. This is what we're building 
as part of Capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, first question is on the potential growth that we can see through M&A 
beyond the 20% kind of growth indication what we have provided. So, could 
you give some sense on that sense, sir? I think the pharma is one angle that  
you have been indicating and I think that is not obviously built into the 
expectations or guidance. So, can you share something there? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, again putting a number here is difficult as you can imagine, because it 
will all depend on the size of the asset that we acquired, the size of the 
business that we acquire. So, yes, but all sudden then this will be in addition 
to our guidance of 18% to 20%. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, just something slightly more on the pharma side I think having 
seen whatever the kind of deal cancellations and now we are also getting 
ready for even international M&A. So, what is the thought process there sir? 
Is it like having a base closer to the customer so that is why the international 
acquisition that is what is the thought process or something else. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, so thought process is I think we have in past very clearly guided that 
what is our aim in diversification. Our aim is that as part of our long-term 
strategy we want to kind of build a differentiated business model, okay, which 
is eventually in line with what we are doing in agchem as CSM player. So, 
we kind of eventually build a differentiated CDMO model in pharma and on 
this path we will start from somewhere and we believe that as a roadmap to 
get to this ultimate objective, it would always be beneficial for us to have 
certain assets in India and also some sort of front end in some of these 
developed markets, whether it is U.S. or Europe and some of these other 
markets. So, with this aim we are looking at opportunities both in India as 
well as outside India. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, my next question is on the domestic formulation business. I think this 
47% kind of growth in the fourth quarter, what was the kind of volume led 
growth and what would be the pricing growth and generally sir having seen 
since you have recently guided that means recently in the sense in the 
previous question you have mentioned that possibly second half of the year 
is likely to see a better growth driven by the new launches, that and 
considering the low base of first half of last year, so is it fair to believe a strong 
double-digit kind of growth in the domestic formulation side that we should 
look at? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So, we are certainly expecting high double-digit kind of growth in the 
domestic area in this fiscal 23. Now, how much happens in the first half of 
the first season, kharif season and the Rabi season will also depend on how 
these seasons are pan out and the, how the initiation of monsoon happens. 
But as I was telling earlier, the very preliminary indications are positive both 
on the monsoon as well as the acreage growth that we are witnessing. So, 
this looks positive. Since in the last year we had a little softer scenario we 
expect that in the in the first season this year, we should have reasonably 
good growth. 

    
                                                                   Page 12 of 15                     
                                       
Surya Patra: 
Okay. In this first part of the question sir 47% growth, what has really led that 
in the fourth quarter? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This was led by both, I think, introduction of some of the new products, some 
of the recently launched products like wheat herbicide did very well. I mean, 
we significantly improved our volumes and acreages that we had done last 
year, this year we kind of doubled and tripled those acreages and the 
volumes in wheat herbicide. Some other products were also launched. And 
also we went very aggressive even in horticulture space, where we could 
also resisted some good growth. So, all these aspects contributed in this 
growth. And relatively, if you see last year fourth quarter was also not very 
high or significant growth. It was, I remember, close to 11%, 10%-11% 
growth. So that also helped. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, on your permission, last question sir,   just to understand better on 
the margin profile front, see we have consistently and confidently delivered 
around 19% to 20% kind of growth CAGR over the last five years, but we 
have remained in the margin  far as margin profile is concerned, we remain 
in the range of around 21%, 22% in that range. So, going ahead, is it the 
product mix, the newer product or the pipeline product, that will drive the 
expansion further or it is an efficiency which can drive further or it is a 
domestic to export mix that will rise the margin further, so some sense on 
that would be really helpful. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, by the way, we grew by close to 35% in last fiscal and I think close to 
30% in FY20. So, you can imagine that we are growing on a bigger base, 
while we guided for 20% or close to 20%. But we as a management we 
always believe in exceeding and outperforming our guidance. And those 
were also very uncertain times. So we were also very cautious as we are 
integrating. Now this year we grew by close to 16% on overall year basis. 
The margins, as we explained earlier, overall scenario and probably I'm sure 
that as an analyst you will also kind of give this credit to the management 
team, despite all these adversities around the supply chain and increasing 
cost trends and also the inefficiencies which come along with the introduction 
of four, five, six new products, despite all this, we were able to kind of 
maintain, I will not say significantly improve, but maintain the margin profile. 
And by the way, this year there were also several one-off because of our 
strategic initiatives. So, these are the reasons that we believe that we will 
improve upon these three, four areas. And therefore, given the operating 
leverage that we shall get in the next financial year, and help us improve our 
both margin as well as return profile. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one clarification, this $1.4 billion order book 
is largely CSM order book, right. It doesn't include the non-agchem book? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. This is the CSM order book. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. So the question is if we were to kind of understand the CSM revenue 
growth say between the newer molecules and the older molecules, over last 
say two, three years or how would that have been? And the reason I'm asking 
this is because if you look at the overall order book, we've been around $1.4 
billion, $1.5 billion for quite some time now. And if you look at the overall 
environment around us, we've seen more and more competitors also getting 
benefiting from this whole contract manufacturing and transfer of more 

    
                                                                   Page 13 of 15                     
                                       
molecules from the global partners. So just trying to understand have we kind 
of lost any business or the older molecules and how is the kind of market 
share in terms of incremental new molecules, just any perspective you can 
share on that.  
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, so, I think there are two, three points in your question. So, let me try and 
answer, address them. First of all, yes, order book has remained around this 
number, but as we kind of explained in the past, we are growing at, as I was 
telling earlier, 30%, 35% for last few years. This year we have grown close 
to 20% in exports. Now, despite this kind of supply, we have still maintained, 
sustain this order book. That is one. Secondly, given the kind of scenario that 
we are, at least for last two years, first COVID, and then this global supply 
chain, and now again, very, very volatile global supply chain, post these 
recent conflicts and all, I think both from the customer side as well as from 
our side, everyone is a little tentative in terms of committing very, very long 
term book. From our side in terms of capacity, from the customer side in 
terms of the global situation, should they be completely banking on one 
country or should they be balancing their overall procurement from more than 
one geography and all those questions. So, given this scenario, I mean, there 
is little, I would say, slow down in terms of taking very, very long term calls 
and investment calls. But that doesn't mean that it is anyway impacting the 
business okay, because the business growth is continuing as is also clearly 
reflected in our performance. The second part that, is it that these other 
companies and other Indian companies are taking away this growth or 
something? So, to be honest, I mean, if you see overall speciality chemical 
area, overall Indian speciality chemical growth, I think there is a very decent 
growth, and many companies have done really well. But I think there is a play 
for every company here. There are different segments, different models, 
business models, different portfolio of products. And question is that which 
model, which category, which segment is sustainable is the point for 
someone like you to assess. But given the kind of business model that we 
are in for last more than two and a half decades and the kind of business 
principles that we have around portfolio of being into the early stage, long 
term sustainable kind of model, frankly, we are very happy to kind of sustain 
this 20% 25% kind of growth, which we believe can be sustained for many 
years to come. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just one follow-up, you talked about having alternative models in the 
marketplace and some of the players have actually gone ahead and JVs with 
MNC partners for patented molecules. So, from your position, do you see the 
overall opportunity landscape being lesser now? I mean, what's your reading 
of other MNC partners in terms of exploiting this kind of a structure vis-à-vis 
say engaging with us in terms of the new molecule pipeline? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, frankly, I was not able to clearly hear what you were saying. Your audio 
is not very clear. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So what I was saying that,  rightly said there are other alternative models 
here and there are some companies have actually gone ahead and run JVs 
with MNC partners for patented molecules. So from your position, does that 
kind of reduce the opportunity size by to some extent? And from your 
interaction with other MNC partners are you seeing their understanding in 
terms of exploiting a JV structure vis-à-vis say engaging someone like PI for 
me molecule and scale up?  
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, not really, I mean, we don't see this as kind of any dearth of 
opportunities. I think we already highlighted in some of these earlier 

    
                                                                   Page 14 of 15                     
                                       
questions that we are seeing a traction, we are rather seeing a traction in the 
inquiries, in the new business opportunities that are coming to the table. And 
in fact, these JVs or patented JVs, I mean, all of these have been done 10 
year back by PI in terms of joint ventures with some of these global business 
partners, tie ups with these global companies we are doing for last 25 years. 
So point is that it is certainly not a loss of opportunity for us or some sort of 
reduction in opportunities for PI, not at all. In fact, we are seeing good traction 
in terms of overall inquiry, demand scenario, business interest. There is also 
addition of new customers as you would have read in some of our 
presentations. So I think this is quite a positive scenario at this point. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Chopra from Union Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Sir first question was just an extension to I think previous participants 
question on the order book. So given you've allocated last two years have 
been volatile and you have been sort of reluctant or tentative to this order 
book, do you think going ahead we will see accretion of the order book 
because we are already over $0.5 billion in the CSM space, so do you think 
that you’ll add to this number?  
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. And again I must answer this in a different way. Order book may not be 
the only the way it's good when you're in the initial stages of business. But I 
think once you're creating certain class of assets and capabilities for certain 
products, the stickiness is already created. It's not really driven only by order 
book. Order book was actually taken as a, if you were asked me in the early 
stages, as a part of risk management for the company. And also that came 
at a cost. I think now we have a different level of stickiness. So hence order 
book is not really the driver, because if you've got some products running 5 
years, 10 years and with your capabilities and benchmark where you are, the 
customer wants to work with you and you want to work with him. So, that risk 
factor is no different today for PI compared to what I would say 5, 10 years 
ago. So, therefore, we are not really driving this as a way. But we are always 
looking at the opportunity, scale and optimizing it. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Got it, got it. Also, sir, secondly, is there any contribution from pharma 
currently in our piece or if yes what would that number be if you can sort of 
share that? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, that’s not a significant number. I mean, I think as we guided earlier, we 
have scaled up couple of products, couple of pharma intermediates. But this 
is not a significant number. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
And for non-agro chemicals if you can share that number apart from pharma. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So, there are three, four projects again we have commercialized in last 
one year. But as you can imagine that initial year these are not very 
significantly large numbers. But yes over the years we are expecting them to 
scale up and then become a meaningful number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
 The first thought is in terms of the initiatives on the non-agchem space, is it 
possible to share in terms of the investments require in the margin profile and 
the kind of synthesis require, is it going to be similar to whatever we have 
been doing so far or is there any difference and will it help you improve the 

    
                                                                   Page 15 of 15                     
                                       
quality of the business in term of the asset term and the kind of synthesis, 
high value synthesis use, what are your thoughts on that? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, right now I would answer it with one approach is obviously we are looking 
to move up the value curve in terms of capabilities and offering. And we 
remove  the curve, the parameter need to get better and that’s really the idea 
of moving into that space. 
S Ramesh: 
Okay. And the second part is on the domestic business. Is it possible to share 
what are the kind of 93 registrations you received last year and how many 
registrations are you file for as on date? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I think we received two 93 registrations last year.  
Prashant Hegde: 
Yes, you are right. We have received two 93 registrations last year and three 
more in pipeline for the coming year. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question as a last question from the line of Tejas Sheth 
from Nippon India. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Sir, if you are expecting 20% kind of growth, so broadly that would be around 
Rs.1,100 crore on the spectrum side. The current CapEx which we did of let’s 
say around Rs.340 crore, wouldn’t that be short of achieving that kind of 
revenue growth? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, business I think if you look at, we did Rs.1,400 crore of Capex over the 
last two years before that plus it’s not Capex drive, it is about as we said 
earlier, is about asset improvement. If you’re to ask me we have about now 
15, 16 plants, 10% improve in efficiency and throughput creates plants. So, 
it is not linear. One side we have a focus on asset turn. The other side we 
want to look at Capex. So, I think growth is clear, but how to continuously 
optimize the use of technology and efficiency is what we drive, not really just 
Capex. Capex would not be the right benchmark in the chemical and process 
industry unless you had commodity chemicals where you can look at 
capacity and capital as a part of throughput increment, not in the process and 
technology business that we are in the  at the higher end of the value chain. 
Tejas Sheth: 
And the typical contract, the price contracts or the cost pass on contracts 
which we have with our clients, those contracts also include other expects 
like logistics cost or it is just RM cost increase driven? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, each contract is different, but if you look at the bigger picture, logistics 
is not a very large proportion of our cost given the value addition that we do 
with our products. Obviously, that matter will be at high volume commodity, 
low value products that would matter, but that’s not a large component of that 
in PI offerings. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, thank you everyone. Deeply appreciate all your support for coming on to 
this call today and we look forward to a great year and I wish each one of our 
team members for all the very best and look forward to. Thank you.  
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
