 
May 24, 2022
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services
The Listing Department
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on  
17th May 2022, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2022. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
Swapnal Patane 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 23 
 
   
      
Alicon Castalloy Limited  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 17, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference call of Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I’ll now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Mayank Vaswani 
Thank you, Rituja. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the 
earnings call of Alicon Castalloy Limited for the fourth quarter and full year of 
FY22. We have with us on the call today, Mr. Rajeev Sikand, Group CEO; Mr. 
Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Shekhar Dravid, COO; Mr. Andreas Heim, 
Managing Director of Illichmann Castalloy; and Mr. Rajiv Gupta, Head of 
Domestic Business of Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
 
 
As we always do. Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover the financial performance for the 
quarter, following which Mr. Dravid will walk us through the operating 
highlights. In order to share a more granular view of the initiatives towards 
both the global and domestic markets, we also have Mr. Andreas Heim and Mr. 
Rajiv Gupta to provide insights on these areas. 
 
 
Following this, our group CEO, Mr. Rajiv Sikand will give us a brief summary of 
the quarter gone by. Thereafter, we shall open the forum for a Q&A session. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made 
in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with all of you earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Good morning to all our investors. I hope that all of you and your near and dear 
ones are safe and well. Thank you for taking the time out to join our earning 
call. 
 
 
We have closed the fiscal year 2022 on a positive note, despite several macro 
challenges, as you would recollect last quarter, we had mentioned about how 
Alicon has faced and combated four key challenges during nine months of 
financial year ’22. In the fourth quarter, we saw two more of these challenges 
upending the demand environment globally. 
 
 
The six challenges that have emerged, which we have named as 6 ‘C’s are:  
 
 
 
The first C is the COVID pandemic. Lockdowns and restrictions on account of 
the pandemic resulted in a slowdown across the domestic and international 
markets. In addition, job losses, pay cuts and reduction in household income, 
further affected consumer sentiments. A combination of these factors have 
impacted sales in the auto industry, and we are assessing the long term impact. 
 
 
The second C is that chip/semiconductor shortages, which have impacted 
production schedules of OEMs and resulted in loss in volumes for the auto 
industry. What we have seen is auto players rationalizing the available supply 
of chips into more high value of premium models. Semiconductors are a 
multidimensional product catering to a number of industries. So overcoming 
these constraints are expected to take another 9 to 12 months. 
 
 
The third C was a Cost based inflation wherein we saw higher cost of vehicle 
fuels, aluminum elements, energy logistics, and other costs. This resulted in 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
increased cost of production and a sharp rise vehicle selling prices by OEM, 
which again impacted demand. Furthermore, purchasing power was affected 
due to the unprecedented fuel prices in the country. 
 
 
The fourth C was the cost of new product development. As you know, the 
development cost for the products are amortized over the product life. 
However, with the EV evolution, this is an increase in the new product 
development cycle and the product life cycles are shortened. So we are seeing 
a rise in the trials required for reaching to normalized efficiency levels. 
 
 
The two recent Cs are the Conflict between Russia and Ukraine and Crisis in 
supply chain and global auto industry. The ongoing geographical conflict has 
affected production volumes and has resulted in a complete stop in Russia and 
Ukraine. The conflict is also impacting and aggregating inflationary pressure 
and raw material. Further, I think all of you have been hearing about the hit on 
power supply for European countries, which rely on Russian oil and gases. So 
high power consuming industries like industrial metals, foundries, etc, are 
facing unprecedented challenges in sourcing adequate power and at affordable 
rates. This has disrupted global supply chain networks. The shortages of raw 
material and subcomponents are expected to impact auto production levels, 
especially in Europe. So overall the year gone by was characterized by these 
significant macro challenges.  
 
 
 
Given this backdrop, Alicon has performed very well. While we did see some 
impact on our sales volumes given these challenges, but broadly we are 
encouraged with how our Alicon family navigated through these roadblocks 
and delivered robust performance. Our focus on strengthening sales of value 
added components resulted in favorable revenue mix during the year. In fact, 
in the last three years, we have seen a significant shift in the needle towards a 
value added portfolio and revenue mix. 
 
 
In the auto division, we are seeing strong sales coming in the value-added 
component in the Passenger Vehicle and Commercial Vehicle segment. The 
year also witness improved volumes from higher margin products in the EV 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
category. So our focus on value added addition and our efforts towards driving 
better operational efficiencies have supported growth in the year. Our top line 
in the year  stood at Rs. 1,081.37 crore, higher by 27% year-on-year basis. 
 
 
In the fourth quarter, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 320.56 crore as 
against Rs. 322.57 crore in Q4FY21. That de growth was mainly on account of 
moderate demand due to the nonlinearities that we witnessed on the macro 
front.  
 
 
On the profitability front, the continuous increase in the input costs along with 
inflated supply chain prices resulted in higher expenses, especially in H2FY22. 
While there has been a pass-through in the case of aluminum, for several other 
inputs too, we have witnessed unprecedented pricing pressures. 
 
 
Recognizing this, we focused on further process improvement and yield 
enhancement in our production processes. Our teams deployed sustained cost 
of optimization measures using the Kaizen principles to enable cost reduction. 
We have been constantly collaborating with our customers to undertake price 
revisions and have successfully passed on some part of increased costs. 
 
 
There has been significant inflation in almost all costs, including various 
overheads. We have also put in a lot of work to mitigate the impact of the rising 
manpower cost too. We undertook cost of optimization across all levels of the 
pyramid to extract greater synergies and efficiencies across all aspects of 
business to counter the cost pressures. 
 
 
Along with the improved product mix, our cost saving initiatives have enabled 
us to support margin performance during a difficult year in the terms of 
inflationary pressures. Despite reporting gross margins for the year of 49.5%, 
lower by 499 bps year-on-year, we have reported and improved EBITDA 
margin, which stood at 10.7% was higher by 61 bps. In fact, for Q4FY22, the 
EBITDA margin stood at 12%, indicating that our exit rate margins performance 
remains strong. 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
A key feature of our performance this quarter has been protecting margins 
from the multiple challenges arising from the volatile macro environment. Due 
to the increase in alloy prices, there has been a dual impact on both EBITDA 
and sales, which has resulted in about 100 basis points impact on the margins. 
As the prices of alloys stabilize, the improved margins will be more evident. In 
normalized environment, our medium term target is to improve our EBITDA 
margins to a level of 14% to 15% on the back of our cost efficiency measures. 
 
 
On absolute terms, our EBITDA during the year stood at Rs. 115.79 crore, up by 
35%, and in the quarter it came in at Rs. 38.72, lower by 21% year-on-year 
basis. Interest costs have been reduced by Rs. 6 crore from Rs. 36 crore in FY21 
to Rs. 30 crore in FY22, as we reduced that by deploying the fund raised through 
QIP and other initiatives. Profit after tax during the year and quarter stood at 
Rs. 24.18 crore and Rs. 13.21 crore, respectively.  
 
In view of the improved performance, the Board of Directors have 
recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.25 per equity share of Rs. 5 each, that is 45% 
for the financial year ended 31st March ’22, subject to approval of shareholders 
in the ensuing 32nd Annual General Meeting. 
 
 
On the operational front during the year, our manufacturing plants in India and 
Europe operated at normalized utilization level to the tune of 65% to 67%. We 
have created a safe, hygienic and a multicultural work environment for our 
people. Despite the ongoing cost pressures and supply chain disruption, we are 
focused on undertaking strategic enhancements that are necessary in our 
operations. 
 
 
During the year, we witnessed sharp increasing key input costs, which had a 
resultant impact on the cost of inventory and on debtors. However, we were 
able to drive greater efficiencies, which in turn enabled us to still improve the 
working capital days despite these pressures. We expect this to stabilize going 
forward. Working capital days during the year improved by 18 days in FY22. 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 During the quarter, we have reported steady cash flow from operations. On 
the Balance Sheet front, our Net Debt stands healthy at INR261 crore and the 
net debt ratio remains comfortable at 0.48x. On the CAPEX front, we plan to 
deploy around Rs. 90 crore in FY23, which includes maintenance CAPEX and 
new machining capacity. 
 
 
While there has been some disruptions in recent quarters, our focus continues 
to be on improving return ratios. As the operating performance rebounds, and 
we accrue the benefits of better product mix, healthy profitability, streamlined 
working capital cycle and improved balance metrics. we will aspire to take our 
return reduced to the pre COVID levels of FY2019. 
 
 
To summarize, we have reported a very encouraging performance in FY2022, 
despite multidimensional disruptions in the automobile industry. we continue 
to operate a healthy financial profile and strong balance sheet. In a normalized 
environment, we look forward to delivering a strong and sustainable growth. 
 
 
On that note, I would like now to hand over to Mr. Shekhar Dravid, who will 
talk about operating highlights for the quarter. 
 
Shekhar Dravid 
Thank you, everyone. Greetings to all. I trust all of you are well and staying safe.  
 
 
 
The auto sales in the fiscal year 2022 were a mixed bag. While Passenger 
Vehicle, Commercial Vehicle and 3W segment registered an improved 
performance on year-on-year basis, sales volume of two-wheelers saw a 
significant de-growth marred by the high ownership cost and the expensive 
fuel.  
 
 
 
While demand and uptake of the Commercial vehicles and the Passenger 
vehicle segments remain strong throughout FY22. The upside was limited due 
to the supply constraints and the ongoing chip shortages. 
 
 
On the production front as well, we are seeing some impact on vehicle 
dispatches due to inventory adjustments and the containing impact of chip 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
shortages. The waiting period for best selling passenger vehicles in the range 
of 2 to 12 months or more as per FADA. The average dealer inventory now 
stands at around 15 to 20 days versus the average level of four weeks. So we 
are seeing some demand supply gap in the domestic markets. On the 
international front, most of the key export geographies in US and Europe are 
reporting improving auto sales.  
 
 
In terms of inflationary pressures globally and domestically. The auto ancillary 
space continues to witness supply chain bottlenecks. This has further 
intensified due to the ongoing geopolitical conflicts. We have seen aluminum 
and related alloy prizes breach new heights. In addition, the spread of COVID 
in certain Asian countries is further fueling input prices. However, we are now 
seeing, in some cases, domestic auto OEMs, sourcing inputs and chips from 
alternate source vendors. This is enabling them to mitigate cost pressures to 
some extent. More so, we have also not seen any major OEMs, both domestic 
as well as global suggesting for any sharp production losses or any production 
halts due to these issues, which is encouraging.  
 
 
Against the backdrop, we are quite encouraged to have reported a strong 
performance in FY2022. In addition to our focus on value addition, as explained 
by Vimal, our growth was also supported by new customer gains, addition of 
new parts from the existing customers, increasing penetration of four wheelers 
in our overall revenue mix, improved contribution from the EV segment and 
strong exports. 
 
 
We have also undertaken several initiatives and directed efforts over the last 
few quarters and years to position ourselves well in the fast growing industry, 
and our performance in this year reflects these measures. 
 
 
Let me take you through highlights of our performance across each domain:  
 
 
The first being our Auto business: The domestic auto sector has seen sharp 
decline for two years in a row, adversely impacted due to the COVID and the 
input pressures. However, with a pickup in economic activity and the 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
normalizing environment should improve the demand environment for all the 
segments. In addition, high Rabi sowing, healthy agri input, price supports, and 
forecast of a normal monsoon indicates that the rural demand in the upcoming 
months could witness similar positive traction. It is also encouraging that 
vehicle registration with regional transport offices rose by 37% to 16,27,975 
units in April, as per the data collected by the vehicle retailers' body FADA. So 
overall the outlook remains healthy in the medium to longer terms. 
 
 
Globally, the 2021 global auto production was higher by 1.8% year-on-year, 
driven by US and China numbers. However, Europe was done by sharp 6% year-
on-year. Despite this, I'm happy to share that Alicon's global auto sales marked 
a strong increase of 63% year-on-year during this year. Alicon India export sales 
increased strongly by 100% year-on-year. 
 
 
In the ICE segment, we are seeing strong inquiry level across domestic and 
export markets. In terms of new parts added by existing customers, we are 
seeing repeat orders coming in from customers such as Honda motorcycles, 
MAN Truck, TATA Auto Comp, Eaton, to name a few. I'm happy to share that in 
the quarter, we have won orders for 21 new parts. Overall in the year, we have 
seen one new logo win, which is MAN Trucks, which is a strong reflection of our 
growing brand value in the global markets. 
 
 
The Passenger vehicle and the Commercial vehicle segments are key focus area 
for us. Our sales in Passenger vehicle division grew by 45% year-on-year in 
FY22, and the Commercial vehicle sales grew by 61% year-on-year. Going 
ahead, our focus will be on improving contribution from higher value 
components in the Passenger vehicle and Commercial vehicle segments, thus 
driving augmented brand value and enhanced sales in this division. 
 
 
Coming now to the second of our growth pillars, which is Electric Vehicle 
division.  
 
 
The division continues to see strong growth across the markets. In India, the 
Government's decision of raising the FAME II subsidy and increasing the 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
deadline for EV transition to March 2024 is fueling growth in the sector, 
especially for two-wheeler EVs. We have seen as many as 19 states across the 
country that have announced their respective EV policies, with lucrative 
benefits to the consumer. This has translated to the strong offtake in EV. In 
FY22, Electric Vehicle sales in the country gained momentum with total sales 
increasing by more than 211%. The number of Electric Vehicles sold in the 
country based on the registrations at VAHAN portal were 4,19,812 in FY22 
against 1,34,853 in FY21. While all classes of electric vehicles have shown a big 
jump, motorcycles sales are shown the biggest jump, growing 461% followed 
by E-rickshaws and electric cars.  
 
 
Several 2W OEMs have announced aggressive expansion plans and to further 
support the EV value chain. We have seen the center undertaking policy 
initiatives, such as the PLI Scheme and the recently announced policy for the 
battery swapping. 
 
 
I am very pleased to share that Alicon Castalloy was one of the companies 
approved under the Component Champion Incentive Scheme. The Component 
Champion Incentive Scheme is a sales value link scheme applicable on 
advanced automotive technology components of vehicles. This PLI scheme for 
automotive sector, along with the already launched PLI scheme for Advanced 
Chemistry cells and Faster Adaptation of Manufacturing of Electrical Vehicle 
(FAME) is aimed to fast tracking India's transport system into an 
environmentally cleaner, sustainable and advanced system. For this segment, 
we are working with the OEMs as well as Tier 1 suppliers. We have been 
working extensively with Donna Corporation, Scania, TATA Auto comp, 
ARRIVAL, Mahle on the both domestic and international orders. Overall in the 
year, we have seen two new logos win. One is Scania and other is ARRIVAL, 
which again reflects our growing brand value in the global markets. 
 
 
Another area where we have seen strong response from the customers is the 
light weighting of the products in the auto and EV space. We are getting 
increased inquiries from OEMs, both in domestic and export markets, and we 
are actively developing new products to focus on this segment.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
 
We have already built up a portfolio over 101 parts catering to EV and other 
revenues from EV business transfer 10% in FY22. It is encouraging that in FY19, 
our overall EV share of revenues was just 2%. So we have seen a very strong 
growth in this segment in just three years. Going forward, incremental sales of 
this company would be a function of this value-add EV segment along with 
other valuable components from ICE, structural and non-segments. Overall, 
our long term target is to bring wallet share in EV business to 12% in FY23 and 
to 36% of overall revenues by FY2025-26. 
 
 
Now on our third growth pillar, being a Technology Agnostic platform.  
 
 
We are steadily adding value added products to our basket. Various aspects of 
the vehicles are cross functional across both ICE as well as EV platforms and 
would remain relevant should there be emergence of any alternative 
technology too. Our aim is to ensure that we gain relevance in interesting and 
interest in accretive niches around these products by leveraging our core 
competencies. In this regard, we are working on diversifying and expanding our 
product portfolio to include several niche and value advancing offering. Overall 
in the year we have added part from JLR, KTM and Piaggio continue the 
progress we have made in the global markets. 
 
 
Coming to our fourth segment, which is a Non-Auto business. In this, we are 
witnessing healthy growth in demand, especially from different sectors. During 
the year, we have added part complex from Textron and JCB. Both the parts 
will help to showcase existing and prospective customers about the capability 
of the Group and will help to add further businesses. 
 
 
Our fifth growth lever is our Focus on Improving Customer Wallet Share. This 
will be by leveraging our R&D, our competencies and our relationships. Our 
R&D facility are core to our operations and enable us to keep pace and 
upcoming opportunities. Overall, we are well placed to announce contribution 
from the repeat customer and demonstrate customer stickiness. Our long term 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
approach is towards building wallet share and positioning ourselves as a 
trusted supplier for an existing customer base. 
 
 
On that note, I would like now to hand it over to Mr. Andreas Heim, to throw 
light on our global business. 
 
Andreas Heim 
Thank you, Mr. Dravid. A warm welcome to all of you. I will briefly cover the 
developments on our international business.  
 
 
We have delivered a steady performance in Illichmann during the quarter of 
the full year on the back of improving demand in environment in our key global 
markets of US, Europe and China. While we anticipated the inflationary 
pressures to ease in Q4, the geopolitical situation and shutting down of plants 
in some parts of Asia, once again lead to the reoccurrence of chip shortages 
and supply chain issues. This resulted in slight impact on demand in sales values 
in the second half of the year. 
 
 
For the year, exports including overseas revenues contributed to 26% of the 
total revenue. And for the Q4FY22, it's at 22%. I'm happy to share Alicon global 
sales marked a notable increase of 63% year-on-year during the year. Alicon 
India export sales doubled during the year in review.  
 
As explained by Shekhar, we have added new business logos last year for the 
global market - Scania, MAN Trucks, ARRIVAL and Textron. We are working in 
this quarter to work with Ducati and Rimac. Rimac has an extensive presence 
in EVs, and is anticipated to be a Tesla for the Europe market.  
 
 
Looking ahead, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in the key 
targeted market in Europe, Middle-East, and the U.S. In addition, there are 
significant and untapped opportunities, even in the markets of China, South 
Korea and South America and we are increasingly growing our presence in 
these regions, through our Illichmann subsidiary. We are also making the 
steady and ground progress in personalizing new business wins with existing 
and new customers in the export markets. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
 
Overall, we expect demand and consumption trends to strengthen in the 
months ahead given normalizing macro conditions. We are also hopeful that 
the raw material situation eases in the coming quarters. 
 
 
On this note, I would like now to hand over to Rajiv Gupta, who will cover 
developments in the domestic business for the quarter. 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Thank you, Andreas. Good day, everyone.  
 
 
The demand environment in the domestic market saw a slight uptick for the 
Passenger Vehicle segment during the quarter. Bookings and demand 
continued to remain strong in the Passenger Vehicle segment, but registrations 
were still impacted due to continued supply chain issues. While chip shortages 
have adversely impacted passenger vehicle production since mid 2021, 
production levels of major OEMs are now gradually improving. OEMs are 
sourcing chips from alternate vendors, which has led to a better output. The 
Medium and Heavy Commercial segment category has seen a strong build up 
in inquiries on the back of revival in construction activities and improved ruler 
sentiments. On the 2W front, price hikes on the back of inflationary pressures 
and high fuel cost partially affected offtake. 
 
 
Now coming to our performance, we have delivered a healthy performance 
during Q4 & FY22. Total contribution from our domestic segments stood as 
strong 78% and 74% in Q4FY22 and FY22 respectively. During the quarter, we 
added 21 new parts from a leading domestic and global customer.  
 
 
On the whole, we have reported an encouraging growth in the domestic 
automotive segment during the year led by a pent-up demand, festive push, 
higher preference towards personal mobility. We continue to witness good 
levels of inquiries and bookings in the market and are hopeful that improving 
macros will further support this momentum. The PLI linked scheme and 
improved allocation towards road infrastructure augurs well for the auto sector 
will help boost consumption, going forward. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
 
On this note, I will now request our Group CEO, Mr. Rajeev Sikand to share you 
some perspective on Alicon’s performance. 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Thank you Rajiv. Good day, everyone.  
 
 
The last two years have been quite challenging for the industry and economies 
worldwide on account of COVID pandemic and inflationary environment. 
Despite these challenges, I am pleased to report that Alicon has maintained a 
healthy performance during the year. Our growth has been in line with our 
internal target levels and reflects the momentum across all our business 
verticals. While focusing on our growth, we have also ensured a strong balance 
sheet position, and at the same time, ensuring welfare for our team across 
various locations. 
 
 
Every year we focus on strengthening our agile business processes to navigate 
the various operational challenges that may come our way. This has held us in 
good stead in the last two years. Even now when globally, we are seeing strong 
inflationary pressures, our inventory management practices and our strategy 
to collaborate closely with customers has enabled us to mitigate cost pressures 
to some extent, thus protecting our profitability margins. 
 
 
As explained by my colleagues, value addition is the key strategic vector for 
Alicon. Our focus is on improving offtake for value added products across our 
verticals of Auto, Non-Auto, and EV. This, we believe will drive the multi growth 
synergies for Alicon, going forward. 
 
 
In this year, we have undertaken strategically significant initiatives to solidify 
our trajectory of growth. We have announced significant order wins with 
multiple OEMs, which provide us with healthy growth visibility for years to 
come. Our total auto booking now stands at around  Rs. 3,000 crore for over a 
period of five years with nearly average sale, around Rs. 660 crore till now. The 
inquiries and new business wins across our Auto, EV and Non-Auto segment 
continue to remain healthy.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
 
From a macro perspective, while we do foresee some pricing pressures in the 
market, we expect them to be largely restricted in the near term. On the 
business level as well, we are undertaking all necessary steps to mitigate these 
inflationary challenges. On the demand front, we anticipate the environment 
to improve going forward, improving rural segments sentiments on the back of 
normal monsoon forecast and steady agri indicator. Healthy pent-up demand 
and buoyant CAPEX cycle should further augment recovery in the Indian 
economy boding well for our industry. 
 
 
From an operating standpoint, Alicon is solid and stable, and we are confident 
that further stabilization of macroeconomic environments will lead to gradual 
and sustainable growth going forward. Overall, we remain very excited about 
our future growth prospects and opportunities in the medium to longer term. 
 
On that note, I will now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Raghunandhan NL 
Thank you, sir, for the comprehensive opening remarks and increasing the 
disclosures in investor presentation. So firstly, a clarification, in Q3FY22 
earnings call you had indicated Rs. 3,250 crore of pending order book. Did I 
hear correctly? You said Rs. 3,000 crore this time. Has there been a slide drop 
in the pending order book? 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Thank you. you are right. What we have done is we have done our internal 
leveling up. Certain products, certain things which we have seen in the market, 
though the customer may tell us, so we have reduced that. There is no drop 
from any customer, but we have internally taken a cognizant of the market 
situation that some product lines will not do as well as they are being projected. 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
Raghunandhan NL 
Understood, sir. And of this or book of this order book how much would be the 
share of EV? I was trying to understand to reach that target of 36%, the order 
book would have a higher share of EV compared to the last year revenue share 
of 10%? 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
So yes. you are absolutely right. What we have done this year, one of our 
internal vectors has always looked at value addition in our business rather than 
look at tonnage and sales purely because value addition gives a very clear 
indicator where we are going. So I will let Rajiv answer that to you. Thank you. 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir, for the answer. Basically as rightly highlighted by you, 
yes, our order bookings are increasing in the EV, structural and non-auto. Last 
year we had booked around 31% of my orders with EV, around 10% in Non - 
Auto, which is way ahead, compared to FY 19-20, where the figures was around 
9% of the EV and around 8% of the non-auto. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
So within this Rs. 3,000 crore order book, what percentage would be EV sir? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Within this order booking, my EV contribution is 25%. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Yes. And the share keeps increasing because last quarter I remember the share 
was 17%. 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Yes. Over next two years, this will grow and maybe we need to revise our 
targets. Currently our target is 36%, but this will continuously evolve as the 
market evolves in the EV and this figure will also evolve. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Yes, sir. I remember you had indicated the aspiration is 45%. 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Yes, That still remains. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Sir, which would be the major orders commencing this year, Toyota, PSA, if you 
can give some color on that, and would the execution of new orders add 
revenue of Rs. 450 crore to Rs. 500 crore this year? 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
Rajiv Gupta 
You’re asking about the growth drivers for this year, mostly will be from the 
new parts what we've added from existing customers, such as Daimler Toyota, 
Eaton and TACO, and also with the new customers which we have added such 
as PSA, JLR, Scania, and MAN Trucks. Also, we are concentrating on increasing 
the share of business in the domestic four-wheeler market. Talking about sales 
from the new business, so we are aiming to get a sales revenue of roughly 40% 
from these new businesses this year. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
So FY23-24 broadly, what will be the expectation of revenue based on the order 
book visibility? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
We are, we are anticipating a growth of around 18% to 20%. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
20% growth in FY23. 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Right. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Okay. And in EV, if you can indicate the 10% of revenue which came from EV 
last year, what would be the share of domestic and export and what would be 
the share of four-wheeler and two-wheeler? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
If we see in terms of domestic and export, around 70% is currently from the 
global market and domestic around, 30%, which we are planning to increase 
going forward. Yes, I do understand talking about domestic at this movement. 
the major contributors are Aether and Dana Corp, but going forward with the 
new business, what we have written last year, that is with TACO, for the TATA 
motors passenger vehicle segment, this will further increase my contribution 
in the domestic market. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Got it, sir. And two-wheeler versus four-wheeler? 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Yes, we’ll just give you, but it is primarily four-wheeler. But we'll just give you 
that ratio.  

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sushil 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
Congratulations, sir, for a healthy set of numbers in an otherwise very 
challenging environment for this industry. Sir, I have a couple of questions. To 
start with, a bookkeeping question. What was the contribution of new products 
during FY22? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
So last year, my sales bookings from the new business were roughly around 
25%. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
25%. And this year we are expecting around Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 450 crore, 
right? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Right. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
So just wanted to clarify, a couple of con calls back, probably Q2 or Q3 you had 
given an estimated sales for FY23 of around Rs. 1,350 crore to Rs. 1,400 crore, 
if I recollect it right and you said this year you are expecting top line growth of 
around 18%. So looking at the challenges being faced by the industry, are we 
scaling down our guidance for the current year? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Yes, we are also anticipating the challenges particularly in the existing market. 
That is the reason, the new businesses, what we have backed from 2018-’19 is 
helping us to outperform over the market growth, which was clearly noticed in 
the last year and which will continue to seep in the coming years also. 
 
Rajiv Sikand 
But our estimates of this year remain nearly in line barring the little offset we 
had done in the 2W market where we don't expect a big jump. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
Okay. Okay, sir. Got it. And if you can give me just break up between 2W and 
4W for the last year. Last year, I believe 2W was 42% of the total turnover, in 
FY21. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
Rajiv Gupta 
If we see in terms of sales last year, that is FY’2021-22, we closed that 48% of 
two-wheeler segment. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
48%? 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
Yes, in terms of sales. And this year, we are planning to reduce our dependency 
in 2W. From 48%, we are reducing to 40%. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
So actually it has gone up from 42% because in FY21 our 2W share in the overall 
turnover was 42%. 
 
Rajiv Gupta 
That is with the VA numbers. Talking about VA, let me just clarify. Last year the 
VA, we closed that 40%, which we are anticipating to bring down to 32% this 
year. Basically, we are shifting our focus as the market is little sluggish. We're 
shifting our focus from a Passenger to a Commercial and passenger vehicle. 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
So, Saurabh, let me explain this in a better way. Why we are looking at VA? VA 
gives us a better focus where we should be aiming at, and this is where our 
long term aim is also, to reduce our 2W value addition. So the tonnage and sale 
may look different, the value addition per kg is a critical thing for us. And that 
is why we are moving out to different segments of the market.  We are hoping 
by this 2W segment by ’25-’26 to be less than 20%. On a value addition basis. 
So that is a key for our business. 
 
Saurabh Jain  
Right, right. Got it, sir. My last question is on the margins front. The margins of 
course saw some inflationary pressure, but still, we were able to maintain a 
healthy 12%. So of course, in your opening remarks, you had mentioned that 
in the midterm we aspire margins to go back to 14% and 15%. Just wanted to 
know, can we see those levels in the current fiscal? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
So in the current fiscal, we are estimating approximately to improve by 0.7% to 
1% improvement, we will be able to deliver in this year. 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
Saurabh Jain  
On our last year full basis. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Yes. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Darshil Jhaveri from Crown 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri  
Congratulations, sir, on a good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to know if 
what is the vision for next two, three years in terms of revenue and margins. 
By midterm margin, I assume by FY2025, we are assuming 14% to 15%. So any 
color on revenue growth that we can expect would be very beneficial. Thank 
you, sir. 
 
Vimal gupta 
So as I just explained that we are expecting the revenue growth in the range of 
18% to 20% on the CAGR basis, that is the estimation we are having internally 
till FY2025-26. And definitely then we will be like as explained by Mr. Sikand 
and Rajiv Gupta, about the shift in the value addition from our 2W to 4W and 
the EVs. So that is the main thing that will improve our margins. So definitely 
we will be able to improve our margins to 14% to 15%. And I think after in 9 
months to 15 months in that period, we will be able to deliver that. The reason 
being, first, we should understand the impact of the aluminum prices. That 
unprecedented increase in the last 9 to 12 months. So it is a very simple 
calculation, if I remove that impact to our margins for the year, like we are 
talking about Q4 it was 12%. So it was around 13.5% that is not 12% when we 
make a year-on-year basis comparison. Definitely we are seeing now the prices 
are easing out in the international market of aluminum. So then that impact 
we will see definitely in the coming quarters. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri  
Okay. So that's very beneficial. And I’m sorry, sir. One more clarification. So you 
right now said in FY23, we can do 0.7% to 1% better margin. That will be overall 
full basis or on Quarter 4? because there we've done 12%. So can I assume 
12%? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
We are talking about the Full year. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
Sir, in last call, you mentioned that as the aluminum prices have gone up, the 
margin percentage on the revenue looks lower. And so when we say in the 
medium term, we can reach 14%-15% margin, this is considering that if the 
aluminum prices and other commodity prices will come down, or even let's say 
it'll remain at elevated level, with the value added products can do 14%, 15% 
margin? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
So definitely, that impact of the aluminum prices, approximately 1% that we 
have seen overall, at this moment. And 14%, 15%, because when we take on 
both of that we can take. So without increase, that means that prices are not 
eased out. So definitely 14% to 14.5%, we can see, and then further 1% 
improvement if prices go down at the same level, like one year back. So 
definitely there will be further improvement of 1%. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
And in this FY22 sales, or let's say Q4 FY22 sales, how much would be the 
growth due to only the price increase and how much would be volume or value 
addition driven? 
 
Vimal gupta 
So the aluminum approximately, we can say 7% approximately, the impact of 
aluminum. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
7% growth due to the aluminum prices. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Yes. In the Q4FY22. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
In Q4? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Yes. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
Q4 y-o-y, right? 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
 
Vimal Gupta 
Yes. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
Okay. So basically in terms of volume in Q4, we are down, y-o-y, right? 
 
Vimal Gupta  
Yes. 
 
Dixit Doshi  
Okay. And how much would be for full year, same thing? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
For full year, approximately 4% to 5%, in that range. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity, again. Sir, Alicon has been one of the first 
movers in the EV space, and wanted to understand off late, are you seeing a 
situation where the competition is increasing from other players? 
 
Rajeev Sikand 
Well, we have been early movers and we are not looking at competition from 
a perception of parts. We are looking from the technology point of view. So our 
play, even in the EV, will be technology. And certain parts in the EV we have 
also redefined. The EV segment, certain parts in that, where we will be more 
focused, which is going to be our playbook. And we are making that pitch with 
Suzuki Japan, with Daimler Germany. So certain things will evolve. So you can't 
say that there'll be no competition in this line. And also, to be very openly 
speaking, some of our components go out. And then they're easy to copy in 
that way. We are not doing a rocket science, really, but our core trust area is 
our thermal engineering. And that remains our core business in the EV. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Got it. And in terms of PLI, some details, if you can indicate on investments, 
expected revenue, incentives, or the focused parts, some color, whatever you 
can share. 
 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
Tarun Vyas 
On PLI, we have filed the application with the Ministry of Heave Industries and 
IFCI PMA Agency and they have given us approval as well. Now, they have 
appointed the survey agency, which will be finalizing giving us that go-ahead in 
our product. And based on the revenue and that percentage scheme, ranging 
from 8% to 15%, we will be looking forward for the incentive from the 
government. So which will be settling down in mid of June. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
That is when we will be able to give more clarity on this. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Vimal sir, if you can indicate in terms of inflation, apart from the commodity 
side for energy, logistics or any other area, where has been the negative 
impact, and if you can quantify any of them, that will be helpful to understand. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Sorry? Just misheard. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
On the inflation, sir, there has been cost increase in energy, logistics, so how 
severe has been the cost increase and by when can company be able to pass 
on the impact? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
So for this, the impact is there. In the quarter we have absorbed around Rs. 3 
to Rs. 4 crore cost in Q4FY22. And now we have started the negotiations with 
the customers already. And some customers, they have agreed and hopefully 
next coming to four to six months, we will be able to settle down. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Understood, sir. And the share of exports has been increasing for the company. 
So given this scenario how much reduction is possible in the working capital 
days going forward? I mean, FY22, you've already achieved reduction in the 
cash conversion cycle. Appreciate that. So just wanted to understand the focus 
for future. 
 
Vimal gupta 
Yes, we are continuously monitoring this and taking all the efforts to reduce 
this cycle. So like in the last year, we have reduced by 18 days. So now this year 
also we have targeted 18 to 20 days further reduction in the working capital 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
                                                                    
cycle. So that we are trying to take up with whatever, with the customers or 
with the discounting side, all the fronts we are taking it up. 
 
Raghunandhan NL  
Got it, sir. And just one clarification, did I hear it correct that the goal is to reach 
18% to 20% CAGR till FY26 on the revenue side based on the order book 
visibility, and medium-term target margin of 14% to 15%. Would that be a fair 
way to understand? 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Yes. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing 
comments. 
 
Vimal Gupta 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about 
the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India.  
 
 
Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call, and we look 
forward to directing next quarter. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. On the behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thanks for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
