 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(formerly known as Sapphire Foods India Private Limited) 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: May 23, 2022 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 40001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q4 FY22 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Tuesday, 
May 17, 2022 in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2022. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript and audio recording is also available at the website of the 
Company  (www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financial-information ) under FY22 Q4 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(formerly known as Sapphire Foods India Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – GROUP CEO & WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – CFO, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL KAPOOR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NACHIKET KALE - ORIENT CAPITAL  

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q4 and full year FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call of Sapphire Foods India Limited organized by Orient Capital. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Kapoor – Head, 
Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you Mr. Rahul. 
Rahul Kapoor: 
Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to Sapphire Foods fourth quarter FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call. I'm Rahul Kapoor from Sapphire Foods Investor Relations team. I hope 
everyone on the call is doing well and staying safe. 
Today on the call I'm joined by Mr. Sanjay Purohit, who is our Group CEO and Whole-Time 
director, our CFO; Mr. Vijay Jain and Orient Capital which are our Investor Relations Advisors.  
We have uploaded our investor Presentation and Earnings Press Release on Stock Exchanges 
and our Company Website. I hope everybody on the call got a chance to go through these 
documents. 
We will begin the call with the comments from the management which will be followed by an 
adequate session of Q&A. 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are purely based upon our 
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as of today. These statements are not at all a 
guarantee of our future performance and involve risks and uncertainties which cannot be 
predicted at this point in time. 
With this I'll handover the call to Sanjay. Here you go Sanjay. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you everybody for attending our investor 
conference call. We're going to be announcing our Quarter 4 FY22 and our Full Year FY22 
Financial Results. Like Rahul said, Presentation that I'm making is already on the SEBI website 
as well as our own website.  
Quarter 4 saw operational disruptions because of the third wave of the COVID pandemic and 
January and February were impacted and things started to get somewhat to normal in March and 
despite these operational disruptions we've delivered a really strong performance in Quarter 4 
FY22. 
We added 29 new restaurants, revenue grew by 46% year-on-year, EBITDA by 66%, up 260 
basis points and PAT of 5.4% as against a loss of 4.1% in Quarter 4 FY21. Our adjusted EBITDA 
pre IndAS-116 rose to 12.9% which was up 470 basis points year-on-year.  

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
From a financial year perspective this has undoubtedly been by far the best year in Sapphire 
Foods short operating history. You would have known me to say that we started operations in 
2015-16. In these 5-6 years this has been our best ever year. 
We added 142 new restaurants during the year. Revenue grew by 69% over 2021, EBITDA by 
82%, up by 130 basis points. For the full year also, we delivered a PAT of 2.7%. This last year 
in FY21 was a loss of 9.8%. Our adjusted EBITDA pre IndAS-116 has risen to 10.5% up 670 
basis points. So, we delivered 180 crores roughly of adjusted EBITDA. 
When I look back 2 years to March ‘20 when the COVID pandemic struck us, we did the 
expected this pandemic to have a very detrimental impact on our fledgling business. However, 
in reality the last 2 years have actually helped us transform our business and significantly 
improve the financial performance. In many ways this positive outcome I think is the 
consequence of the perhaps rare values and resilience that has been shown by each and every 
Sapphire employee in just responding to the travails of this pandemic. Internally we call this as 
a step-up year for us and actually all three businesses that delivered a step change in performance 
in FY22. 
KFC became a (+1000) crores brand for Sapphire with highest ever restaurant EBITDA of 
19.5%. We have talked a lot about the omnichannel strategy of Pizza Hut and we are seeing this 
play out with the brand delivering double-digit restaurant EBITDA of 13.4% and with the more 
compact omnichannel stores that we have opened from April ‘18 onwards that are delivering 
mid-teen EBITDA. 
The Sri Lanka business also is doing exceedingly well. We continue to be the biggest and the 
best QSR chain in the country despite the macroeconomic conditions being difficult. In FY22 it 
delivered the best ever performance, 25 new restaurants additions, SSSG of 42%, revenue 
growth of 60% and restaurant EBITDA of 23.2%, up 360 basis points.  
Over the last few months, we're seeing inflationary pressure all of you will know that on all our 
inputs and therefore this is required us to do a very fine balancing act between increasing prices, 
ensuring that there is minimum impact on consumer wallets. How do we sustain revenues and 
revenue and profitability growth. As operating conditions have normalized in April and May to 
pre-COVID levels we're actually seeing very strong consumer demand for our brands. We have 
taken price increases on both the brands and in Sri Lanka right now we are continuing to see 
transactions to improve. In fact, we are going strongly, our new restaurant additions out on track. 
As we have been indicated that we should be able to double our restaurant count over the next 
3-4 years, so that seems to be on track.  
I think finally we've been able to develop organizational muscle to be able to cope with volatile 
situations and therefore we'll find ways to get better. We will find ways to manage the 
inflationary pressure and we are quite confident about our future growth also. Before I take you 
through the results, I just want you to, I always like to reiterate the Sapphire story because we 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
are such a young organization. We operate restaurants of the two of the largest global brands 
KFC and Pizza Hut. And in our short operating history we've been able to build substantial scale 
and operation there leading to PAT, profitability and scale among the top three QSR operators. 
As a restaurant operator we pride ourselves on our execution mindset. We want to deliver great 
customer experience, great food, great experience, great value and our backend operational 
capabilities aid this customer experience. 
We have worked hard to develop our capital allocation model to be optimized and therefore have 
worked on with the new restaurant expansion model. Again, you would have heard speak about 
this, our focus on smaller size omnichannel restaurants, this has started to play out, improve 
accessibility and profitability. We built ourselves to be a platform player. We have the capability 
and capital to drive both organic and inorganic growth. I think underlying this is a values-based 
work culture, very high on governance, enabled by a professional management, professional 
board and professional promotors.  
Let me now take you through the Quarter 4 results, restaurant sales were at 494 crores, up 46%, 
EBITDA was 104 crores, up 66% and EBITDA margin was 21%, up 260 basis points. We 
delivered a PAT of 5.4%. We added 29 restaurants, 13 KFCs, 10 Pizza Huts in India, 6 in Sri 
Lanka and nothing in Taco Bell for the quarter.  
It's also a best ever year performance as I talked about. We delivered 1,715 crores restaurant 
sales, 69%, 325 crores EBITDA, up 82%, 18.9% EBITDA margin, PAT of 2.7% and totally 
open 142 stores, 60 KFC’s 57 Pizza Hut, 22 Pizza Hut in Sri Lanka and 3 Taco Bell restaurants 
and our total restaurant count at the end of March was 579. We have a very strong balance sheet 
and cash net of debt is our 400 crores. We operate with negative working capital.  
This is the next slide which is slide #8 shows you the restaurant count; across years if you look 
at how our additions have gone during the year, we added 13 stores in Quarter 1, 32 in Quarter 
2, 68 in Quarter 3 and 29 in Quarter 4. We had said in December our restaurant count was 550 
and our guidance was we expect that to double in 3 to 4 years. I think this year we are on target 
to be able to meet that broad objective. I will now hand it over to Vijay, Vijay Jain is our CFO 
to take you through the specific financial details.  
Vijay Jain: 
Thank you Sanjay. Good evening, everyone. I'll cover from slide #9, consolidated financial 
highlights. This is at an overall consolidated level. Restaurant sales we clocked 494 crores, up 
by 46% over corresponding quarter, gross margin of 69.1%, drop of 180 basis points on account 
of inflationary pressure.  
We will deep dive into each of these at a business level at; at KFC, Pizza Hut and Sri Lanka 
level to understand this in a bit more detail. Restaurant EBITDA we clocked 18.3%, up by 30 
basis points. So, in spite of gross margin under pressure through our cost efficiencies we were 
able to deliver expansion on restaurant EBITDA. Mind you this was a quarter where January 
and February was impacted by COVID. So inflationary pressure plus COVID still we were able 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
to drive restaurant margin expansion. Company adjusted EBITDA which is pre IndAS-116 at 
12.9%, up by 470 basis points. Overall Company EBITDA post IndAS-116 at 21%, up by 260 
basis points and PAT at 5.4% for the quarter, up by 950 basis points vis-à-vis loss of 4.1% in the 
corresponding quarter. If we look at the annual number of PAT 2.7%, this was the first ever year 
for Sapphire to deliver PAT profitability, so quite important mine milestone from Sapphire point 
of view. 
Moving on to the next two slides I want to go back into details of P&L and balance sheet. Moving 
on to cashflow slide #14; again, the cashflow is based on the post IndAS-116 representation. So 
may not give a completely correct picture the way one wants to look at it. However, if I give you 
two couple of important data points over here, cash generated from operations if I bring it up pre 
IndAS-116, it would be close to 240-250 crores cash from operations. When you look at the 
CAPEX which we incurred for the year so while the investing activity shows 691 crores, it also 
includes the funds which we would have been made invested into FD’s and mutual funds. If I 
exclude that the CAPEX investment for the year would be Rs. 285 crores for the year. The 
closing balance of cash shows Rs. 58 crores. However, if you include the investments which we 
carry, the overall cash balance net of debt is close to Rs. 400 crores at a consolidated level. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Let me talk now about the KFC performance; KFC despite the operational disruption that a 
strong quarter we grew SSSG by 15%. If you look at slide #16, we talk off the recovery versus 
FY20, so delivery is tracking at an ADS level double of FY20. Dine is has come back and is 
slowly coming back but it's still a 67% of FY20 level. As in April and May this is starting to 
further improve. There are several branding and promotional initiatives that we had during the 
quarter. I think the launch of the Biryani Bucket was very important innovation and that's really 
doing well. From the operational perspective the seven minutes express pick up or get a three 
piece of chicken is really quite successful, helping our operational people to really hustle in the 
kitchen and drive customer satisfaction, so that's worked well. There is a lot work happened on 
digital activation. We won the brand disruption award for the value burger campaign with Mr. 
Anil Kapoor. Here are some of the pictures of our new restaurant launches. As you can see, they 
look really beautiful. When you see the Attur, Salem store for example it’s a 1500 square foot 
store but looks really imposing and beautiful. We've got some pictures of our Mumbai store and 
a Pathankot drive through and then an Indore store. 
Vijay Jain: 
Moving on to KFC financials slide #21; the SSGC for the quarter was 15%, ADS was at 
1,32,000, growth of 12% over corresponding quarter. In spite of the first 45 days impacted by 
COVID quite a healthy SSSG and ADS growth. Overall revenue for the brand at 296 crores, up 
by 43% and we added 13 restaurants during the quarter.  
Moving on to the next slide gross margins; we dropped by 70 basis point on account of 
inflationary pressure. The last price increase which we took was in September since then towards 
last week of March, first week of April we have taken another price increase of close to 9% odd 
in KFC but the quarter had no price increase. Despite the drop in gross margins, we were able 
to improve our restaurant EBITDA by 90 basis points at 19% for the quarter. Overall KFC again 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
had a very strong year, the best year. It has become a 1000 crores brand Sapphire and restaurant 
EBITDA of 19.5%.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
From a Pizza Hut perspective, our Pizza Hut was slightly more impacted by the third wave of 
COVID. This is largely because of our strong mall presence and malls in Quarter 4 were still not 
operating at 100%, the third wave of COVID has also impacted our business. The fact that we 
are in south and west and south and west has had the most operational disruptions. So, the Pizza 
Hut business was a little more impacted than KFC in the quarter. Having said that we had a 
SSSG of 3% year-on-year. We launched the San Francisco style crust, I will encourage any of 
you all to have this, this is absolutely fantastic product and it expands across options that we are 
offering to consumers. You all know the deep dish pan pizza is the signature Pizza Hut crust but 
this one the San Francisco style crust which is a global innovation also starting to do quite well. 
It's just a lighter, little airier, little crispier product. Its at the same price points that the deep-dish 
pizza as innovation offers little better margin than the deep-dish pizza. Again, from a promotion 
perspective, we have shown a couple of pictures. There's a lot of activity around the San 
Francisco style pizza on digital. On slide #28 there are new restaurants there are some pictures. 
Again, each of them is roughly the region of about 1,200 square foot or so. The Magadi Road 
store in Bangalore, the Bhayandar store in Mumbai having about 50 seats. We have got a 
beautiful store in Fort Mumbai next to Sterling Talkies. You can see the Waluj, Aurangabad 
store also. 
Vijay Jain: 
Moving on to slide #29; to start with Pizza Hut financials, SSSG of 3% for the quarter and as 
Sanjay said that Pizza Hut was probably a bit more impacted compared to KFC for the simple 
reason which is the territories which we operate in south largely south and west and the mall 
portfolio. But still at 3% SSSG, ADS growth of 2%, overall ADS at 55,000, restaurant revenue 
of Rs. 103 crores, up by 33%, restaurant additions of 10 during the quarter. While gross margins 
dropped by 180 basis points the restaurant EBITDA, we were largely able to have in spite of 
both COVID impact and inflationary impact with restaurant margins that 11.5%. Within this 
entire cohort of stores which have opened from 1st April ‘18 onwards. Stores opened over the 
last 4 years, they have delivered profitability in the range of mid-teens and this is the compact 
omnichannel format stores which as a Company, as a strategy we will be rolling out as we move 
forward as well. Overall, for Pizza Hut also this was the best year we have moved from low 
single digit EBITDA to a double-digit restaurant EBITDA. Within that double digit restaurant 
EBITDA, the entire code as I said which is the recently opened since April ‘18 onwards compact 
omnichannel format stores delivering mid-teens level of profitability. This is in spite of the fact 
that the dine-in has been a bit constrained over the last 1 or 2 years. We are quite confident about 
this particular format and the model as we move forward.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Let me then now I talk about the Sri Lanka business. The Sri Lanka Pizza Hut business is the 
biggest QSR chain in that country and is also perhaps the best QSR chain. In terms of our number 
of stores that we operate, the average daily sales, our customer experience is absolutely a top 
notch. During this period from a local currency perspective, we have continued to go from 
strength to strength. In fact, if you look at the business, it delivered 29% SSSG Indian rupees 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
but from our Lankan rupee perspective which is really what local consumers are paying, there 
was a 47% SSSG in this quarter. So, this business continues to do well. We also opened 6 stores 
like I said again and Vijay will talk about the financials is doing really well. If you look at the 
channel sales contribution which is the slide #32, a recovery even on dine-in now has come to 
almost 100% of pre-COVID levels and delivery and take aways continue to do exceedingly well. 
We've had a slew of new product launches. So, we did meal for one which is the My Box launch. 
That's doing very well. We had a quite an innovative product which is pizza and biryani 
combined which is limited just to the dine-in occasion during lunch again with a very nice 
innovation. Lot of work on digital, the new store launches you can see. All these I would say 
smaller towns outside Colombo and outside the main cities. Our reach and expansion of the 
brands continues. It continues to occur at a reasonably fast pace. If you see during the year itself, 
we would have opened 22 Pizza Hut stores on a base of close to about 67 or so. Really strong 
number of additions and that we are quite confident will continue.  
Vijay Jain: 
Moving on to slide #36 Sri Lanka business financials; SSSG of 29% in Indian rupees as Sanjay 
said very handsome growth, in Lankan rupees 47% SSSG. This is not just led by…sometimes 
you feel that it's led by inflation but that's not the case. We are seeing a very handsome 
transaction growth also over there in Sri Lanka business, (+30%) transaction growth. That's the 
real test of the business. We are seeing a very good transaction growth over there. Overall ADS 
30% growth in LTR terms, restaurant sales at Rs. 92 crores, up by 82% in Indian rupee terms 
and up by 105%. We are almost doubled the business over last year. Mind you last year Q4 in 
Sri Lanka we were not trending below pre-COVID level. Last year itself was also at a largely 
pre-COVID levels, on that number we've been able to double the business in Sri Lanka this 
quarter. Gross margin drop of 130 basis points. I will just try and bifurcate this into two parts, 
last year Quarter 4 FY21 when we showed 70.2 as a gross margin that has a 200 basis points 
annual benefit which was accrued in Quarter 4. So, the drop is more like around 330 basis points, 
yes because of inflationary pressure but in spite of that we have delivered a very high restaurant 
EBITDA of 24.4% for the quarter. And even if you look at the year, restaurant EBITDA of 
23.2%, this has been the best ever year for even Sri Lanka business both in terms of revenue as 
well as profitability. If I convert this into a growth at absolute value, the restaurant EBITDA for 
the quarter has grown by 69% and the restaurant EBITDA for the year has grown by 79%. So, 
lot of times when you see that Sri Lanka is whether small contributor, the answer is no, it 
continues to grow very fast and it continues to contribute very handsomely to the overall 
business.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Let me take a minute or two to talk about our other initiatives; last time I spoke off ESG 
initiatives and there's a lot of work that is actually happening on ground. But what we thought 
we would benefit from was to onboard a professional firm. Therefore, we are starting to work 
with PWC and so fine tune our charter and review our progress on ESG. I'm not going to be 
talking about this every quarter. To make meaningful progress here we will start to talk about it 
in every half, every 6 months we will talk about some of our ESG initiatives. If you look at just 
one or two small shoots that we are now starting to take on a larger scale, we implemented solar 
panels in a couple of stores. There the solar panels are giving us a benefit and providing us a 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
payback off in the region of 3 years. Therefore, now we are expanding it to more number of 
stores. We will see that over the next couple of months. We have launched a very beautiful store 
in T Nagar we refurbed a very beautiful store in T Nagar which is a sustainable store, so lot of 
local cement texture, handmade tiles used, laminates from vendors that follow sustainable 
manufacturing and so on and so forth. This is some of the initiatives that we are doing on ESG 
front. Some of the social people initiatives, from the social perspective we won Equity & 
Inclusion award at the Pizza Hut Global Summit in 21. We were awarded Best Work Place for 
Millennials in Sri Lanka. I think this agenda will just get stronger and more focused as we go 
forward. That's it from me. I'm going to stop here and now hand it over back to Diksha for the 
Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question answer session. We take the first question 
from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.  
Percy Panthaki: 
I just wanted to understand your plans for next year in terms of what is the total CAPEX that is 
planned for the year on a consolidated basis. If possible if you could also give an idea on how 
many stores you would be opening across format? 
Vijay Jain: 
Again, we will not like to give a year specific guidance. As Sanjay mentioned 550 restaurants 
we had as of 31st, December, we plan to double that over 3 to 4 years. If you average it out, it 
would be anywhere between 130 to 160 stores. And in terms of CAPEX current year incurred 
Rs. 285 crores for the stores that we actually added. That would give you a broad indication on 
where our CAPEX is headed for. But we would refrain from giving a very specific number. We 
are on track on this particular, our projections of doubling it over 3 to 4 years. The CAPEX of 
ours which is Rs. 285 crores include refurbishment of our stores. This is one of the big things 
which we do, make sure the customer satisfaction levels are always high. This CAPEX of current 
year which is FY22 of 285 crores includes new stores, refurbs plus IT CAPEX as well. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
 As we're going forward Percy, many of the stores that we have opened now in 5-6 years. They 
come into the refurb cycle and we've always found that when we do a refurb and overall facelift 
of the store, it has a very positive impact on the customer experience. Refurbs also will start to 
increase in numbers going forward.  
Percy Panthaki: 
If I look at this year's CAPEX of 285 crores and a store addition of about 142, on an average it 
works out to be about 2 crores per store including the refurbishment. IT etc. Given that your 
metal prices, commodity prices are also up do you think this 2 crores per store will see inflation 
in FY23 and if so by how much? 
Vijay Jain: 
Percy again the way you did the math too good, first it’s not the right way to look at things 
because you have included the total CAPEX and divided by just the NSOs over here and the 
new stores over here, so not really the right way. But just to answer on your inflation part, we 
are seeing inflation in the range of 3% to 5% on the CAPEX front at overall CAPEX front. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Again, but there is always endower that how do you create more efficiencies internally, so that 
not everything eventually hits us but 3% to 5% inflation is what you're seeing. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Given that your refurbs will continue, it would be fair to say that on a per store basis whatever 
number of stores you open in FY23, multiply it by about 2 to 2.1 crores would be the total 
CAPEX that you would require, is that understanding, correct?  
Vijay Jain: 
I would still say that 285 crores plus the adjustment for the stores increase or inflation is the right 
way to look at because when you label it 2 crores, first was it gets labeled somehow that it's 
supposed to, of course I don't want to label it that way Percy.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly on Sri Lanka I just wanted to understand while the Q4 figures obviously you've given 
in the presentation and they are very good but, on the ground, what is happening currently? Are 
you seeing any kind of disruption in terms of demand given the heavy inflation that the economy 
is going through and therefore the pressure on the consumer wallet leading to a demand 
compression? Secondly any demand issues because of the disruption of daily life and on account 
of that if there is any decline in the constant currency sales per store would that have a negative 
operating leverage on the EBITDA margins also?  
Vijay Jain: 
Percy again advantage that which we are getting in Sri Lanka right now is somewhat similar to 
what happened in India when COVID strike, when COVID strike as Sanjay said initially 
everybody thought that probably this would put us back by 2 years but eventually it gave us an 
advantage when we came out of COVID. Something similar is happening in Sri Lanka. A lot of 
times they're looking at just 1 month back but the problem started even 9 months back. Over 9 
months whether it is inflationary pressures, whether it is other things which are happening in on 
a macroeconomic front, the Quarter 4 performance is in spite of those macroeconomic pressures. 
Yes, the things have got worsen on the macroeconomic front over the last 30 to 45 days. Even 
when we look at our April trajectory, we continue to see very high double digit SSSG. Our 
Quarter 4 was in the range of 40% odd, SSSG we are seeing similar numbers in the April and 
May. The real barometer is the SSTG we continue to see very high SSTG in that particular 
market. While the macroeconomic situation is tough, the business wise we are very strong. The 
advantage over there is that 90% of our deliveries we own the fleet, we deliver ourselves. That's 
another advantage over there, we being the biggest brand and the largest brand over there gives 
us a unique advantage to us. As long as the stores are operational which have been the case 
throughout, we are very confident that we should be able to generate very high throughput on 
our stores. Yes, there were couple of occasions of disruptions on account of curfew and 
emergency but barring those as long as our stores are operational, we are confident of the revenue 
being generated. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Richard Liu from JM Financial.  
Richard Liu: 
Can I request you to give some perspective on the movement in the non-restaurant cost? I'm 
really talking about the difference between restaurant EBITDA and Company adjusted EBITDA. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
That cost used to be about 95 crores in each of FY20-21 which has gone up significantly to about 
140 odd crores in FY22. Can you help us understand the reason for this quantum jump from 94 
to 140?  
Vijay Jain: 
The difference we also include the ESOP cost. So, if you actually chip off the ESOP cost, ESOP 
cost for the year was in the range of Rs. 35 crores. That's the reason you will be looking at a big 
jump when you're looking from the restaurant EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA because adjusted 
EBITDA post is ESOP cost. 
Richard Liu: 
That 140 minus 35 which is 105 that is the real ESOP cost? 
Vijay Jain: 
Yes.  
Richard Liu: 
And Sanjay, obviously the margin picture at the restaurant level have turned out to be much 
better than what one would have anticipated maybe about 1-1.5 years back. Can you give us 
some guidepost in terms of how are you looking at this? Given that it turned out better than what 
it is, are you looking at further expanding to this or you think that this is really the optimal level 
that you would like to operate at?  
Vijay Jain: 
Again, when we look at restaurant EBITDA, we would like to see it at a business level rather 
than an overall level. Lot of time the overall level actually gets skewed because of the mix each 
business would play out. If you'll take business by business, KFC right now is at 19.5% I think 
we're quite happy where it is closer to 20% odd. We have always maintained that we'll continue 
to see some efficiencies as we keep building more stores and we keep generating operating 
leverage but quite happy where the range is right now close to 20% odd for KFC. Pizza Hut 
while the overall brand is at around 11.5% for the year. I'm now stripping off the additional 
incentives which we have received during the year. It's 11.5% for the year, within that the new 
stores opened from April onwards at mid-teens, this set we believe will start moving towards 
high teens as the dine-in comes back strongly for us. As we keep adding more and more the 
smaller and tighter omni-channel format stores, the overall brand profitability which is currently 
around 11.5%, we see this moving towards mid-teens, entering teens and eventually moving 
towards mid-teens. Sri Lanka currently at (+20%), I think we are quite happy if it remains in the 
range of 20% odd. As long as the kind of growth we are getting over there of 40%-50% SSSG 
because the idea is to manage inflation and we don't take price increases which is equal to 
inflation. We normally try and take it below inflation so that we become more attractive to the 
customers, we remain competitive and we continue to offer more values. As long as we're able 
to deliver (+20%) restaurant EBITDA on Sri Lanka we are quite happy.  
Richard Liu: 
Just to confirm again, with regards to the store ambition. If I heard you correctly you basically 
said doubling versus that 550 stores on December ‘21 over a 5-year period? 
Vijay Jain: 
Over 3-to-4-year period.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak.  

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
My question on Sri Lanka, if you can let us know how are you managing the operations? What 
are the risks that you're facing at this point of time purely from supply chain perspective and 
what's the base case and worst-case scenario for Sri Lanka? That's number one. Another is 
usually when countries go through such difficult macro situation in default how does a QSR 
business perform over a 2 to 3 year period? What are your learnings if you have looked at similar 
situations in other countries how has Yum franchisees performing in those countries? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
From a operational perspective, we have a really strong team there in Sri Lanka Jay and I have 
done extensive visits in Sri Lanka. I will say that this is the best QSR team. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
I meant availability, so the other day there was a headline article saying that they don't have 
more than, petrol supplies of one day or power cuts of 15 hours and such situations.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, what are the issues there, the issues for example getting fuel and getting electricity to be able 
to run our stores. So there operationally we have been able to still manage to get fuel to run our 
generators and getting electricity for we have to operate our stores. Yes, there has been 
disruptions but perhaps it might be for the few the hours that we need to close down the stores, 
so we normally do that during the lean period. Apart from that we have been able to manage the 
operational disruption. From a supply chain perspective from an import standpoint both. So, 
cheese is our biggest import. Again, there we have stocks in hand, we have been able to manage 
imports. We are helping through India also. So typically, we used to get cheese from Fonterra in 
New Zealand, now we are getting some cheese from India also. Apart from that most of the other 
products are local, capital equipment also we've been able to manage so on ground this 
transaction growth that you're seeing is a result of us being able to manage that situation really 
well there. I know we read a lot in the newspapers about violence etc. but in a peace-loving 
country, citizens are peace loving and very disciplined. Even if you go to a fuel section there 
you will find the discipline in line and therefore, we will have one person at the fuel station to 
ensure that we get the right amount of diesel to run our generator sets. I think overall all our 
operational parameter of the business continues to do well. We see an actual opportunity here. 
Again, we have talked informally to other people in the young system, we have also talked to 
some other people who have been perhaps exposed to higher inflationary environment. So 
contrary to what people say, we think that this is a great opportunity to strengthen our business, 
improve our accessibility further. When I look at say even close by, say the Pakistan business of 
Yum seems to again be doing fairly well. I think apart from that so we've got a team that is very 
capable, we've got certain operational strength that are unique to us really in that market. We 
believe that from a macro perspective also things will start to stabilize over the next 6 months or 
whatever, whenever they start to stabilize. We remain confident about this business and what it 
can do from a constant currency perspective. Sri Lankans are paying in Sri Lankan rupees; 
they're opening their wallets and spending on Pizza Hut and I think that's what we have to focus 
on. If the currency depreciates versus the Indian rupee and therefore from our consolidation of 
accounts what that does, it doesn't impact the Sri Lankan consumer. Overall, we continue to be 
bullish on that business. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
If I may ask as of today have you managed to pass on all the inflationary pressure that you are 
facing on the raw material input side in terms of price increases? Are your gross margins and 
EBITDA margins as we speak today comparable to what it was before depreciation of Sri 
Lankan currency? 
Vijay Jain: 
Jay, as a strategy we would never pass on the entire inflation to the customer. We would always 
want to pass on something which is lower than the inflation which makes you more attractive to 
the customer which gives you, it brings out value for attracting the customers, makes you more 
competitive in the market. That's the general strategy which we always follow. For example, last 
year the inflation in Sri Lanka business was probably (+20%)-25% maybe. Again, I'm giving 
you very approximate numbers over here just to make a point. We would have taken a price 
increase of around 15% last year and we dropped our gross margins last year. If you look at the 
annual number, we have dropped our gross margins last year but we've been able to improve our 
EBITDA. The way to improve or hold or improve our EBITDA is not just the gross margin line. 
How you can make sure that you deliver other cost efficiencies thereby you don't pass on 
everything to the customer and still continue to hold and improve your restaurant EBITDA 
margins. This would be again the way forward. Again, we will not be passing on the entire 
inflation to the customer but again very confident of trying to hold the restaurant margin. As I 
said 20% odd restaurant EBITDA, we are quite comfortable and confident of. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
A couple of bookkeeping questions. One is, when I look at your India performance KFC as well 
as Pizza Hut; on a sequential basis there is about hardly any dip in gross margin for KFC, 
marginal decline in gross margin for Pizza Hut and I'm talking about sequential December to 
March. There is definitely a seasonal drop in ADS for both the brands. But when I look at your 
EBITDA margin drop on a sequential basis, it's slightly higher than what we usually see in 
sequential performance of other QSR players. Just wondering is this a natural or seasonal decline 
in the margins? Should one look at this quarter’s EBITDA margin of a brand level margin of 
19% of KFC and 11.5% of Pizza Hut as more representative of your full year potential or is there 
any scope for; especially Pizza Hut, we were after last quarter's performance my expectations 
where it probably will inch closer to 15% as the mix of new stores improve but it's gone closer 
to 10%? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, this is a two-fold impact, right? It's not just the seasonal impact. You have rightly said that 
seasonal impact would be there in Quarter 4 versus Quarter 3 and if you and for the benefit of 
everyone we had called out that Quarter 3 typically is anywhere between 100 to 200 basis points 
higher than the annual average. This would again depend upon where the Navratri falls, where 
the Diwali falls, where the Shravan is and shadi is. Sometimes it's toward the end of Q2. 
Sometimes it's falls in Quarter 3 but industry level trend is that Quarter 3 margins are 100 to 200 
basis points higher than the annual average. This is the one impact which you see. The other 
impact which probably you are discounting is on the COVID impact, the 45 days impact of 
COVID which has impacted Pizza Hut more than even KFC over here. As I said because of the 
territories which we operate and that's reflective in the margin of Pizza Hut as well. On your 
other part that how much drop we have seen. If you look at KFC, if I recollect the number 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
correctly between 21 was approximately the number in Quarter 3, we have delivered 19% odd 
for KFC. It's a 200 basis points drop. Yes, if the COVID impact wouldn't have been there, I think 
we would have been more closer to 20% odd for KFC. Pizza Hut, we have delivered 11.5% 
versus Quarter 3 14.9%. While you expected 15% Quarter 3 itself was 14.9%. If I chip off the 
additional incentives which we called out in Quarter 3. So, 11.5% probably would have been 
around 12% to 13% if we wouldn't have had impact of COVID in Quarter 4. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity International. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Thank you for clarifying on the Sri Lanka business operations as it were in this quarter. Just had 
a question around how do you now read the translation impact of currency? The currency is 
weakened, right? Could we just talk through how does it impact P&L and also balance sheet 
right now? That's the question one.  
Vijay Jain: 
On Quarter 4, the P&L impact is not too big because what we saw the depreciation started 
happening from second week of March onwards and till April you would say. So, the Sri Lankan 
currency was anywhere around 37 paisa, Indian rupees to a Sri Lankan rupee. This was 
somewhere around end of Feb. By the end of right now we are at 21 paisa. Almost a 40% 
depreciation has happened on the currency front. However, the impact in the Q4 P&L is less 
than 10% I would say, in terms of currency translation for the P&L. Going forward, yes Quarter 
1 if you see we would have a 40% impact in terms of translation. Sri Lanka business delivered 
roughly Rs. 50 crores odd for the current financial year in terms of overall EBITDA I would say 
and again I am giving you a very approximate number. If you try and apply a depreciation of 
40% but we are growing there very handsomely by almost a 40% or 50% SSSG. The overall 
quantum could be in the range of Rs. 10 crores odd for the year FY23. As long as the stores are 
operational, I think we don't see a big impact. Yes, if the store shut down of course the impact 
could be higher but as long as the stores are operational, this is the impact we are seeing on Sri 
Lanka business for FY23. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
The balance sheet, the assets that we have? Net translation?  
Vijay Jain: 
On the balance sheet, yes. On the balance sheet front the closing rate has to be used on the 
balance sheet side. So, when you translate your net assets on the balance sheet, we have taken a 
Rs. 20 crores impact on conversion of assets and this is reflected under OCI which is other 
comprehensive income. A major impact has already been taken because this was done at a when 
the currency was at 24 paisa. Right now, it's trending at 21-22 paisa. A big impact has already 
been taken account under the OCI. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question from the line of Mr. Prateek Poddar from Nippon India 
Mutual Fund. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Just wanted to check in Sri Lanka, how much of the benefit you have got from competitive 
pressures is the sense because of such high inflation? Have you seen competition shutdown and 
given our scale, has that played to our advantage which explains high SSG? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Competition from a QSR perspective no one has shutdown stores. The unorganized market in 
Sri Lanka definitely has got impacted because they are not able to operate in the same manner 
that we are able to. Therefore, for certain there will be some benefits that we have got from there. 
Prateek Poddar: 
There has been a shift from unorganized to organized which has helped the QSR industry in 
general and we have been a bigger beneficiary at that given our scale?  
Sanjay Purohit: 
I think so our benefit is also on the delivery side Prateek here. So, in Sri Lanka there isn't an 
ecosystem of aggregators and so on and therefore it is important to own the delivery channel 
yourself and our delivery capabilities in that market are by far the best. Therefore, even with 
respect to other QSR brands we would have gained a little bit. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Can you quantify this impact from unorganized to you guys? Is it possible to break down on that 
front?  
Sanjay Purohit: 
I mean just look at the SSSGs. That just gives an idea but it is impossible to quantify how much 
is coming from unorganized or organized. There are no numbers to track the sector as such, isn't 
it? 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
You indicated that you have expanded addressable market by launching a thinner crust which is 
San Francisco style. So, wanted to check if you can share the division of industry pizza sales in 
terms of thicker and thinner crust in the pizza category to understand it better? 
Vijay Jain: 
I think you're misunderstood. It's not a thin crust. It's a similar crust, the way it is but it's different 
in taste, its more crispier, it's more lighter but it's not thin crust pizza. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
But I guess Sanjay mentioned that you have increased the addressable market with this launch?  
Vijay Jain: 
Yes, we have but it's not a thin crust pizza. It’s a hand-crafted pizza but it’s not a thin crust pizza.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, Devansh, you must have it. It’s very difficult for and all of us are trying to find the right 
words but I think texturally its quite different from our pan pizza and it is hand tossed therefore 
I think I have just encouraged you to perhaps try one out. I'm sure you would love it. It’s not thin 
crust. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure, I will definitely try it. Secondly wanted to understand dine-in recovery has been about 60% 
to 70% for the entire Q4. If you could share the trends post opening up in late Q4 or early Q1 
across dine-in and delivery channels, it would be really helpful?  
Vijay Jain: 
67% is again average for Quarter 4. If you look at our Quarter 3 numbers, we have said it's 
already hitting 80%, close to 80% for all the three businesses, Sri Lanka, Pizza Hut India, KFC 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
India. Towards the end of Quarter 4 we are again seeing similar numbers, things reaching 
(+80%) for both the brands in India and in fact Sri Lanka already in Quarter 4 we're seeing it 
hitting close to 100%. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Lastly, I wanted to understand that you were in the process of implementing a new POS system 
across your restaurant chain. So wanted your thoughts on the benefits that we expect to accrue 
from this in terms of growth or operational efficiencies? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
First of all, the POS system that we used to operate MICROS was an end-of-life product. Oracle 
had bought over this Company and then they had sun-setted it and hence it was imperative for 
us to look at that a new POS. We implemented LS Retail. There are several backend benefits of 
it but the biggest front-end benefit is consumers, so the processing time for billing and we are 
seeing that billing time has reduced anywhere between 12% and 15% on an average. The time 
it takes to punch in a bill and serve a customer.  
Vijay Jain: 
It has been rolled out in August of last year.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. We have rolled it out in June. So, by August we had finished the implementation across the 
India restaurant base.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shivam Agarwal from Mirae Asset Capital Markets.  
Shivam Agarwal: 
My question is what is the store expansion strategy that you are taking for the Sri Lanka business 
for the current year? Do you stick to your overall target dispatch slowdown in the economy? 
Vijay Jain: 
Last year we opened 25 restaurants and even in the last quarter we opened 6 restaurants. As 
Sanjay said probably this is a great opportunity for us to strengthen our base in Sri Lanka. We 
would continue to expand. This year we are looking at anywhere between 10 to 15 odd stores 
this year. Again, we will want this quarter-on-quarter that how things pan out over there but this 
was the plan for this particular year 10 to 15 restaurants.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Again, at a broader level Shivam we had said that we expect to again double our restaurant base 
in Sri Lanka over 3 to 4 years. I think we continue to hold that. 
Shivam Agarwal: 
My second question is are you planning to take any price hike in the Pizza Hut or KFC for the 
current year?  
Vijay Jain: 
KFC we just recently had a hike in last week of March, first week of April of 9% odd. Last week 
of March we also saw price hike of roughly 2.5% to 3% in Pizza Hut as well. Nothing immediate 
on cards for KFC at least. On Pizza Hut we have been very conservative in terms of our price 
increase over last 2-3 years because we wanted to drive this value but yes if the inflationary 
pressures are continued to remain, you may see another small hike in case of Pizza Hut in the 
coming quarter. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity International. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
On the price hike point that you were mentioning, you've taken price hikes in KFC and Pizza 
Hut in March-in April. How should we be thinking about gross margins in each of the businesses 
in India at least versus the exit in the year? Given the price hikes, do margins improve a little bit 
or you think this is just staying defense to the inflation that we saw?  
Vijay Jain: 
The point which Sanjay that the way we look at price hike is to make sure that we balance out 
the impact on customer wallet, how do we remain competitive in the market and still drive 
transaction growth and drive value. Our price hike typically would always be lower than the 
inflation. However, having said that one eye is on restaurant EBITDA margins we would 
certainly drive other cost efficiencies to hold and slightly improve on our current restaurant 
EBITDA margins for both the brands. While you may see a small drop maybe on the gross 
margin side, we are confident of holding and improving our restaurant EBITDA margin going 
forward.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
I think if I add here. So, one eye is on consumer transactions. The transactions need to continue 
to improve. At the moment at least we are finding in April-May on transactions on both the 
brands have continued to improve. So, this is important. In an inflationary environment it is not 
about taking price hikes to cover all the inflation but to take it in such a way that transactions 
are not compromised. Right now, at least we are seeing that happen and then do a worst situation 
analysis as Vijay said, restaurant margins are protected perhaps improved. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
If I see pricing behavior in the pizza market by the market leader, they have been little more 
upfront in taking your larger price hikes and you've taken smaller price hikes. I guess the gap 
between the two would have reduced now? Is that playing a role in driving transactions for you 
or you think it's more to do with the kind of product offering that you have out there and the kind 
of communication that you've been able to put out about Pizza Hut? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
To be honest I don't think we have looked at what as the competition has done. Even from a 
pricing standard, over the last 2 years we have taken a slightly different pricing outlook. We've 
got if you look at compare ala carte pricing pizza-to-pizza, we might be more expensive than in 
our principal competitor. However, what we have pushed is our meals. Pizza Hut is known for 
meal occasion and if you look at our meal deals that are on offer, those are very competitive. In 
some cases, might be even better value than the principal competitor. I think that so we're not 
chasing someone. This is our way to go. Once we see dine-in come back consumers are 
rewarding us for the value that they see it in our meal deals. Plus, if you look at all the work that 
has happening on the innovation, the San Francisco crust pizza is doing well and I think that 
Momo Mia did really well. If I just look at the last 12-15 months on the brand actually there's a 
lot of noise, lot of positive noise that we are seeing even on a new product and inflation that 
perhaps over the last 5 years we have not done, not seen. Was that clear Akshen? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari from Reliance General 
Insurance. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Actually, just wanted to understand what was the quantum of incentive which we received for 
this quarter and for the full year and I think this is only for this period, next year it will not be 
there? 
Vijay Jain: 
Good that you brought out this point. For the Quarter 4 we have not booked anything which is 
additional incentives. The normal incentives which are going to be there for the next 5 years. It 
continues to remain is what it is booked for Quarter 4. The additional incentives were booked 
for the period April to December which we have called out. If you look at our annual numbers, 
the number in the bracket brings it out clearly 1.1% to be precise. It was what the additional 
incentive booked from the period April to December which has been called out. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Basically, and one more thing which I want to understand. We have been able to survive the 
storm in your Sri Lanka. What could be the new things which you should be keeping in the mind 
just to keep this boat sailing. I mean what could be that new areas or what could be the areas 
where we can have some pressure which can come to us? 
Vijay Jain: 
The focus continues to remain to make the business stronger. This is what has enabled us to 
survive the thing. As long as the store remain operational, we are confident of handling the 
situation and confident of driving the revenue and transaction growth. If there's something else 
which happens on a broader macro logic which would relate to shutting down of our stores then 
one can't help. But as long as stores are operational, I think we are very confident of driving 
revenue and profitability growth in that particular market. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
If I want to understand, if you can quantify what could be the percentage increase cost of 
operation for us in the current scenario which is hyper-inflationary over there compared to the 
similar times last year say comparatively? 
Vijay Jain: 
Increased cost of operation you are saying or you are talking about general inflation? 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Increased cost of operation for us because when things are in a short supply, we might be paying 
something extra to keep them to come into our way? 
Vijay Jain: 
We have been able to actually still drive margin expansion even in Quarter 4 even in entire 
FY23; not in Quarter 4 but still a very healthy margin of 24% in Quarter 4. 
 Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
That is why because that must be because we are on the hyper-inflationary environment because 
you said that the growth has been like 28%-29% in terms of SSG. Probably if I want to just 
rephrase the question, what could be the quantum of increased cost of operation for us? Though 
it has been passed-on so far but what is the quantum as a percentage if I want to understand? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Vijay Jain: 
We have not passed on the customers. Even the current SSSGs we are talking about is led by 
transaction. So (+30%) transaction growth we have seen in that particular business for Sri Lanka. 
The costs are growing anywhere between 10% to 15%, the inflation on raw material was 25%. 
We took a price increase of only 15%. We have not passed on. We have been able to drive cost 
efficiencies, deliver higher through put probably at a similar cost level. As a result, we've been 
able to expand margin. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
What could be our secret recipe to get things going? Because as we are reading that there is a 
shortage of everything. I think as you have rightly pointed out the cheese is in short supply and 
I think fuel is already a problem. What are the steps we have taken to just ensure that it is sailing 
through in the right direction? 
Vijay Jain: 
Lot of things when you read in the newspapers probably are not giving the correct picture. So, 
when you read a 15-hour power cut at least our stores are not experiencing a 15-hour power cut. 
As Sanjay said there is a challenge for 2 or 3 hours. Second again we are making sure that we 
have enough reserves in terms of backup for fuel which will enable us to operate through via 
DG. Bigger thing on the branch that Sanjay said probably we are experiencing a moment on 
unorganized sector to organized sectors and again within organized sector, we are the largest 
player by far that's helping us drive transaction and the growth over there. The strength of the 
business by being there over the last so many years, the team which Sanjay spoke about, the 
delivery capabilities which Sanjay spoke about I think it's all adding up together. It's very 
difficult to put finger on a one particular aspect over here to be fair. But I think all these things 
put together is what's driving the business. As long as the stores remains open, we are confident 
of the growth over there, both in revenue and profits as well. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Because there was one particular thing which is called as your delivery which is like 56% of 
your total sales. The fuel cost is on us or fuel cost is on the rider part?  
Vijay Jain: 
No, it's on us. These are our fleet, our riders.  
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
When we see that what kind of inflationary impact which have been, must have felt because of 
this? Because I mean it's a proportion; it is almost like 56% of the revenues are coming from 
your delivery already. Does the rise in fuel cost is going to be certainly an impact for us? 
Vijay Jain: 
Yes. But then fuel costs are rising, all other costs which are there at the part of the store operating 
costs are largely fixed in nature. So, when you see a top-line growth of 40% and 50% you get a 
huge operating leverage out of that particular business which enables you to drive expansion. 
Yes, there are few lines in the P&L which would grow disproportionately but then rest of the 
lines, you are able to generate operating leverage as a result you can still deliver healthy margins 
and that's what is happening in Sri Lanka business. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Basically, it is fair to assume that till the time we have a good win and gateway of growth coming 
in for Lanka then I think we should be in a better position to manage the show, right? Is that a 
fair assumption? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Vijay Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life Insurance.  
Gopal Nawandhar: 
What would have been the impact of this wave 3 on ADS? Or you can give some sense in terms 
of how it was in January-February and now how it is in April? 
Vijay Jain: 
Very difficult to exactly quantify because lot of factors are at play, mall impact, the territorial 
impact, different state getting impacted differently, different restrictions across different cities. 
But again, if I try and make an attempt probably around 5% odd maybe for KFC 5% to 7% 
maybe for KFC, Pizza Hut would be probably around 10% and again I'm trying to give you a 
very high-level perspective, a very approximate number over here. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
This proportion of the delivery take-aways and dine-in? For the last 2 years it has been more 
towards delivery. Do you see this changing going ahead?  
Vijay Jain: 
We have not pushed one channel over the other. Sapphire has been always saying that we are an 
omni-channel player, omni-channel player. The push is across all the three channels. Why we 
have seen simply the dine-in being lower than pre-COVID levels is for simple reason that the 
operating hours are constraint or operating capacity has been constrained. There is no impact on 
consumer demand side. As the restrictions are coming off, as now malls are coming back, with 
movies coming back in multiplexes, we are seeing customers coming back to the restaurants and 
we are seeing dine-in coming back. It's not one channel over the other. Yes, because we had a 
channel on delivery and take away as well; as the digital capabilities we were able to take 
advantage. We were in advantageous position to probably take some market share and drive that 
channel as well but it was not one channel favoring the other.  
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Lastly can you give some sense in terms of what is the kind of SSG one should expect for 
financial year ‘23 for Pizza Hut and KFC?  
Vijay Jain: 
We would refrain giving a specific year guidance, over next 3 years we have kept saying that as 
long as we're able to drive revenue in the range of 20% CAGR including our new stores I think 
we should be quite comfortable and happy and we would continue to maintain that. I think we 
are on track for that.  
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak.   
Jaykumar Doshi: 
There were a number of occasions when you indicated that you usually take lower price increase 
than the inflation both in Sri Lanka and India businesses. Just need a clarification. For a 70% 
gross margin business, 30% COGS is a percentage of sales. If there is 20% inflation you just 
need high single digit price increase to offset the absolute increase in RM. So, but in percentage 
terms obviously the price increase will be much lower like you mentioned in Sri Lanka you have 
taken 15% price increase versus 25% inflation. Is that the right understanding that percentage 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
basis you take lower price increase than inflation yet you see at RM basket level but on an 
absolute basis you would try and cover the absolute increase in RM costs at all point of time? 
Vijay Jain: 
Very difficult to say it in a formulate sense because you would do the math each time different 
for different brands. For example, with KFC currently 9.5% you would have tried to cover a lot 
of it. Pizza Hut over past 2 years we have been trying to drive value. So again, at what point in 
time prices will increase. But yes, most certainly we always try and at least cover the absolute 
increase which is bare minimum but at the same time we make sure that whether what are the 
other levers in the P&L so that rest of EBITDA margins we don't drop and we continue to hold 
and improve the restaurant EBITDA margins. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Is price increase entirely your decision or do you need Yum’s approval or how does it work in 
India because you know there are two franchises? Is it something that is uniform across the 
country or you have a choice not to take a price increase even if the other franchises? 
Vijay Jain: 
With the uniform across the country there's a joint committee between us, the sister franchisee 
and Yum so there is joint decision making on all pricing decisions. At the end of the day, I think 
the overall objectives of both the franchise and Yum as a partner is all common objective. As 
well as with objective is common, I don't think this is a concern in terms of taking and not taking 
a price increase. We are quite comfortably we come out with a unanimous decision on price 
increase across both the brands. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you very much all of you all for joining. We've had a record number of participants today 
so I'm really grateful to all of you all for your questions. Also, I just want to repeat the story is 
despite the COVID disruptions in Quarter 4, we've had a very strong Quarter 4. Yes, there are 
inflationary pressures but we have taken price increases on both the brands. And when I look at 
April and May, from a transaction perspective, we continue to see a good consumer demand. 
From a store expansion perspective, we called out that we should be able to double our store 
count in 3 to 4 years and this year we should be able to again hit the number that we want. From 
an overall business perspective, we remain quietly confident about our prospects going forward. 
That’s it from our side today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sapphire Foods India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
