PPFL/SE/2022-23/021 
To, 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 542907 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
~PRINCE® 
--=-----
PIPING SYSTEMS 
May 24, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai -400051 
Scrip Code: PRINCEPIPE 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR") -Transcript of Conference Call held 
on May 20, 2022. 
In continuation to our letter No PPFL/SE/2022-23/010 dated May 16, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith transcript of the Conference Call for Analyst and Investors held on May 20, 2022. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED 
Shailesh Bhaskar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 36475 
Enclosed: as above 
PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED 
Mfg. & Exporters of UPYC, CPVC, PPR & HDPE Pipes, Fittings, Valves 
& Water Tonks 
Corp. Off.: The Ruby, 8th Floor; 29, Senapoti Bopot Marg (Tulsi Pipe Rood), 
Dodar (W), Mumbai - 400 028; Maharashtra, Indio. 
T: 022-6602 2222 F: 022-6602 2220 E: info@princepipes.com W: www.princepipes.com 
Regd. Off.: Plot No. 1, Hondo Industrial Estate, Phase II, Honda Sattari, Hondo - 403 530, Goa, Indio. 
CIN: L26932GA1987PLC006287 
Printed on 100% Recycled Paper C) 

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Conference Call” 
 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ASHISH PODDAR - SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAG CHHEDA - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
PRINCE PIPES & FITTINGS LIMITED 
MR. SHYAM SHARDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND GUPTA - DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED  
MR. NIHAR CHHEDA - VP STRATEGY- PRINCE 
PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
Conference Call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ashish Poddar from Systematix Institutional Equities. Over to you Sir! 
Ashish Poddar: 
Good morning everyone. I am Ashish Poddar from Systematix Group. I welcome you all 
for joining today. It is our pleasure to host the senior management of Prince Pipes and 
Fittings Limited led by Mr. Parag Chheda, the Joint Managing Director of the Company. I 
request Mr. Parag to give an opening remark post which we shall open the floor for 
question and answer question. Over to you Sir! 
Parag Chheda: 
Thank you, Ashish. A very good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q4 
FY2022 earnings call. The presentation in the press release have been issued to the 
exchanges and uploaded on the company's website. I hope everyone had an opportunity to 
go through the same. I am happy to state that Prince Pipes has been able to raise 
commercial papers worth approximately Rs.25 Crores. Our commercial paper rating is A1 
plus as per CRISIL. While we continue to remain long-term debt-free the raising of 
commercial paper highlights the quality of our balance sheet and the faith of investors in 
our business model and long-term prospects. 
 
Let me start with a macro view at the industry level before giving a perspective into our 
company level performance and our strategy going forward. The volatility in the raw 
material prices continued throughout the March quarter. While PVC prices softened in 
January and February upward hikes also took place in the month of March. This led to a 
uncertainty across the channel. This kind of volatility and uncertainty results into an 
environment which is not very business friendly and I strongly believe that in such times it 
is important to focus on long-term organization goals of a) building stronger brand equity 
through network expansion, b) product portfolio expansion and c) reinvesting into the 
marketplace. These efforts have started showing results but the true dividends will be 
obtained over the medium term. 
 
Despite the headwinds and despite a strong base we have been able to post a 9% volume 
growth in Q4. We have continued to gain market share even in such demand environment; 
however, I believe it is important to focus on what is next. What will be the enablers for 
Prince to continue to gain market share going forward. I will focus on few of these enablers 
today starting with the significant progress that we have made in digitalizing our value 
chain. Our SFA which is the Sales Force Automation should be live by the end of Q1 while 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 3 of 20 
our DMS which is the Distributor Management Systems will be made live in a phase-wise 
manner over the next two quarters. The Sales Force Automation and the Distributor 
Management Systems will have multiple benefits such as one, better visibility of the 
secondary markets. Second, better control on inventory management not only at the 
company level, but also as a distributor level. Third, superior working capital efficiency. 
Fourth, an efficient tracking of the ground level sales teams PPIs. I believe these 
digitalization programs make us immensely future ready. 
 
On the B2B segment we have been making steady progress. Prince has been able to break 
through multiple key accounts across the country; however, we have a long way to go in 
this segment and we continue to put efforts in the right direction to ensure the B2B segment 
becomes a growth driver for our organization. Now coming to the underground drainage 
vertical we have launched a series of inspection chambers and manhole chambers. These 
products will add to our range in the underground drainage segment. These inspection 
chambers and manhole chambers are made of polymers and will replace chambers made of 
conventionally used materials like concrete due to better performance and faster installation 
speeds. 
 
We will be cross selling chambers to the end users who are using our Corfit DWC pipes. 
Lastly we have also launched PEFit Aqua Systems which are HDPE piping solutions. These 
pipes are used for water supply and have a market across our retail, projects as well as 
infrastructure vertical. This range expansion will enhance our ability to penetrate across 
market segments especially in the semi-urban and rural markets of India. We have set up 
HDPE piping capacity in the Jaipur facility and planned to set up this product in the 
Telangana facility by September. In conclusion I would like to state that volatility and 
uncertain environment is short term in nature. We continue to remain extremely optimistic 
on demand going forward due to significant demand traction in the real estate sector. 
 
Our ability to con consistently deliver volume growth and gain market share in such 
environment is encouraging. This volume growth has been a result of efforts a) across 
applications like plumbing, agri, underground, drainage and industrial application, b) across 
different segments like retail, projects and infra, c) and due to constantly innovating and 
expanding within our Core by introducing newer products within the piping industry which 
adds to our robust product range. We at Prince Pipes are well poised to capture this demand 
across India due to these reasons. I will now hand over this to Shyam to walk you through 
the financials. Thank you. 
Shyam Sharda: 
Thanks. Parag Bhai and good morning friends. I will be taking you through Q4 FY2022 
financials now. For Q4 FY2022 revenue has grown to Rs.901 Crores compared with Rs.761 
Crores in Q4 FY2021 indicating a growth of 18% on account of better product mix and 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 4 of 20 
improved realization. Sales volume has increased by 9% at Rs.45287 metric tonne in Q4 
FY2022 as compared to 41644 metric tonne in Q4 FY2021 indicating a better market share 
gain. EBITDA margin for Q4 FY2022 stood at 15.6% compared to 19.3% in Q4 FY2021 
declined by 370-bps. For Q4 FY2022 EBITDA is at Rs.140 Crores compared to Rs.147 
Crores in Q4 FY2021 declined by 4%, PAT stood at Rs.88 Crores compared to Rs.97 
Crores in Q4 FY2021. 
 
For the full year FY2022 revenue is at Rs.2657 Crores compared to Rs.2072 Crores in 
FY2021 a growth by around 28% on improved realization. Sales volume has increased to 
13934 metric tonne in FY2022 as compared to 1380289 metric tonne in FY2021 indicating 
a marginal increase of 1%. Profit after tax has improved to Rs.249 Crores from Rs.222 
Crores in the previous period indicating a 12% increase. 
 
Working capital days has increased to 68 days mainly on account of increase in inventory 
levels by end of Q1 inventory level shall get normalized. Company has declared final 
dividend of 20% thereby making a total payout of 35% including an interim of 15% for the 
financial year March 2022. During the quarter, the company has utilized the balanced IPO 
proceeds for the purpose it was invested. Our gross debt as on March 31, 2022 stands at 
Rs.150 Crores, company remains to be a long term debt free company. With this you would 
like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK Investment Managers Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. When one looks at the PVC price now that it 
has fallen to about Rs.125 do you see a prospect of inventory losses during the current year 
FY2023? 
Management: 
Thank you Sujit. Yes, there has been a significant correction in the past month in PVC 
prices and as you are aware the PVC raw material has been extremely volatile like any other 
commodity in the past few quarters and there will be certain quarters of inventory loss, 
certain quarters of inventory gain, so right now it does look like there could be some 
inventory loss in the first quarter, but if I look at the March quarter the kind of correction 
that we saw in the PVC prices in January and February we were certain of some inventory 
losses but then the price increases in the March month sort of neutralize any inventory loss, 
so it is too early to say but I am sure that any inventory gain or loss will not be an annual 
phenomena, it will be a quarterly phenomena. On a 12 month basis it should neutralize like 
it all themselves. 
Sujit Jain: 
For your guidance for FY2023 in terms of margins would be what? 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 5 of 20 
Management: 
I think we continue our guidance that has always given for the past many quarters of 
operating margin in the range of 13% to 15%. 
Sujit Jain: 
And in terms of market size if you can spell out what would be the overall market size end 
of FY2022, the size of within that CPVC, PVC, HDPE and SWR? 
Management: 
One is on polymers, one is on applications right, so I think if you are asking about SWR 
agri that is by application or by CPVC, PVC, HDPE which is by polymer so are you 
looking for a polymer wise split or a application wide split? 
Sujit Jain: 
Polymer wise split. 
Management: 
PVC of course is the most versatile material, it can be used for all applications be it, cold 
water plumbing, SWR agri, water supply etc, so that is always going to continue to have the 
lines chunk, the major share. CPVC of course is a fast growing market in terms of market 
size CPVC would be around 150 KT of annual sort of universe in terms of volumes and 
PPR is a niche market and in that market of course we are the undisputed market leaders. 
Sujit Jain: 
And in terms of the size of PVC like you just spelled out for CPVC 150 KT? 
Management: 
I do not have the exact number. Allow me to get back to you on the exact number for that 
because in the past two years there has not been any official research, so we will get back to 
you on that. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure and in terms of differential between CPVC and PVC pricing at 125 PVC, what would 
be the pricing for CPVC currently? 
Management: 
Yes, so the gap obviously had narrowed down, because PVC had gone up significantly and 
CPVC did not go up in that towards the same extent; however, having said that currently 
that we are seeing correction in PVC prices whereas CPVC we are seeing some increases 
that are being passed on so that differential that had started narrowing has now started 
coming back to the regular levels. 
Sujit Jain: 
Which would be about Rs.40, Rs.50 higher than PVC price? 
Management: 
I am sorry. 
Sujit Jain: 
Which would be about Rs.40, Rs.50 per kg higher than the PVC price currently, is that the 
correct understanding? 
Management: 
It would be higher than that. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 6 of 20 
Sujit Jain: 
It would be higher than that. 
Management: 
It would be north of Rs.200 per kg. 
Sujit Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all a good performance in a challenging 
environment. My first question is if we look at the balance sheet we see that the inventory 
days have gone up meaningfully. If you could give some idea as to what is the breakup in 
terms of raw material and finished goods and number two I think Shyam did to mention in 
the opening remarks that this inventory will be absorbed in the first quarter did I hear it 
right? 
Management: 
I think that is an important question and let me clarify that for the entire audience. So firstly 
if we look at the inventory in days it is around 85 days whereas normal inventory that 
Prince has always carried is around in the range of 60 to 70 days so which means that the 
gap is around 15 to 20 days of higher inventory. Now the reason behind this higher 
inventory is that we have witnessed a major global supply chain crisis in the past year and 
since the past few quarters we have consistently maintained that this is a strategic decision 
by the management to keep higher inventory levels than normal, because in the face of a 
supply chain crisis availability of material is the biggest enabler for market penetration. 
Throughout this year there have been shortages of product across the smaller players and 
even within the some of the larger players as well for both PVC and CPVC. Throughout the 
entire year there has never been a single day or shortage for products at Prince and this is 
also reflected in our volume performance for both the quarter and for the financial year. 
Despite a large base and despite the uncertain market conditions we have been able to 
consistently outpace the industry growth and gain market share, so the reason behind this 
higher inventory days has been it is not something which has happened by accident it was a 
strategic decision to ensure that we never have any shortages and are constantly able to keep 
up with the demands of the market. What I will say though is that this is not something that 
will continue because I do see that the supply chain crisis has almost gone away and we are 
back to a regular global supply chain so I think going forward Achal to your question the 
inventory should normalize by June, July and this will be reflected in our performance 
going forward as well, we are confident of that. 
Achal Lohade: 
Could you help us with the breakup in terms of raw material and finished goods? 
Management: 
I do not have the exact breakup, allow me to get back to you offline. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 7 of 20 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay, the second question I had is with respect to PV series in price how do we look at this 
we have seen as you said January, February was soft, March picked up, April and May we 
have seen a correction and compared to historical it is still up by 60%, 70% so if you could 
give some sense, some direction I think that would be of great help. 
Management: 
I think Achal at this point your guess is as good as mine that is on a lighter note but we have 
seen a extreme volatility and there has been a sharp correction in the past two months. I do 
see the average of PVC prices last year is not sustainable that is very clear and while 
correction in the PVC could have some short-term disadvantages in the long term it is good 
in terms of plastic consumption and PVC consumption for the country to put a number on it 
is very difficult but if I have to give a guesstimate anywhere in this band of $1250 to $1450 
per tonne seems sustainable and the reason for that is today VCM as we speak is around 
$1250 per tonne and typically the PVC, VCM spread for it to be viable for a PVC resin 
manufacturer has to be around $150 so today it is at $1250 so simply because of the 
feedstock cost dynamics I do not see major corrections but I do not see a major upside from 
here as well, so to give you a range sitting at this point of time I think $1250 to $1450 per 
tonne seems to be what this next year will look like. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it and just a clarification is in your answer you mentioned that supply chain is 
normalized, does it mean that most of the capacity constraints what we had talked about in 
the past year, have got normalized at the global level in terms of PVC manufacturers? 
Management: 
Yes I think to a major extent, it is still not back to normal exactly, but majorly in the next 
few quarters that or the next quarter itself it should completely ease off. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it and just last question if I may in terms of competitive intensity like in last two, three 
years we had seen that some of the smaller players really had tough time and even some of 
the larger players as well, now as the supply chain is normalized, do you see the 
competitive intensity actually going up again and could that have any impact in terms of the 
operating margin performance for the industry? 
Management: 
Achal, this has always been a competitive industry right, so we are not someone who is 
going to shy away from competition, competition does make us more efficient in terms of 
focusing on new products and expanding distribution and investing in the brand, so those 
things will continue to happen and see everyone sees the growth right, it is a growth driven 
industry which has constantly outpaced other industries in terms of growth so always there 
are going to be some more organized players coming into the segment. The way I see it is 
today at Prince we are much happier to compete with a organized player who may be a new 
entrant as long as they are eating up the market share of an unorganized player because any 
organized player is always going to have discipline with respect to price, with respect to 
credit, with respect to quality consistently giving a quality product in the marketplace so as 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 8 of 20 
long as there are organized players that are coming in with discipline it is good for the 
industry, it is good for the end consumer and it makes us all more efficient I do not see it 
having any major impact on our profitability. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Wish you all the best. I will come back in the queue for further 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
This question is from my end in the start of the quarter or maybe even in middle of the 
quarter we were actually looking at a flattish kind of a growth, just want to understand the 
reason that led to upbeat growth, what was it related to was it agri demand, was it plumbing 
demand and more importantly how is the inventory now at distributors end, have we seen 
some amount of stocking up in the month of March and now it is getting normalized some 
flavor there? 
Management: 
Thank you Sneha. We were definitely looking at a flattish sort of a quarter towards the first 
half of the quarter but March month did see a revival in terms of demand, in terms of 
sentiment across the channel. This has largely been driven by plumbing and SWR, agri did 
improve in March compared to February, but not to the extent that it usually delivers for us 
in the January to June period so this demand has been still driven by plumbing and SWR 
products and the second half of the quarter has been much better than the first half of the 
quarter. Also if I have to give you a more long-term view over the past two years we have 
been also heavily investing in branding and expanding the distribution network so at some 
point that is bound to pay off in terms of helping us outpace industry growth and to answer 
the last part of your question I do not think dealer level inventory is very high in fact 
because of the volatility in raw material prices the dealer level inventory should be 
moderate or moderate to low in that bed. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Does that also mean that now they are pretty hesitant in terms of picking up the material 
given that there has been such a sharp fall in prices or now after this Rs.10 which is already 
very steep you think the acceptance will come back or do you see further these talking and 
further fallen prices just want to understand the trend from your perspective? 
Management: 
You are aware whenever there is a sharp correction, there is a tepid sentiment in the channel 
right, so that is just the part and parcel of the business and this time is going to be no 
different than the other times so there is definitely a reluctance to stock up and bring 
inventory back to moderate to high level, but this is part and parcel of the business we 
cannot we do not have a trader mentality we cannot look at prices or inventory gain, 
inventory loss or push product when prices are high and we as a management need to focus 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 9 of 20 
on the thing is we have always focused on like distribution and new products, any 
restocking or destocking phenomena will continue to happen and over two quarters or four 
quarters it always evens out so that is how I see it. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Perfect and could you also quantify your CPVC growth rate versus PVC some flavor there? 
Management: 
So CPVC the base was high in the Q4 of the past financial year despite that we have seen a 
growth in the CPVC space as well it has been in similar range to PVC both have grown to 
the similar extent. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood and one last one if at all I may just get in the ad spend during the quarter and 
during the year? 
Management: 
Give me one minute. We have ad spend for the financial year Rs.41 Crores and out of that 
Rs.13 Crores have been in March. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead yes good morning team and congratulations on decent set of 
numbers 
Pranav Mehta: 
Good morning team and congratulations on a decent set of numbers. Sir I wanted to 
understand on the current availability of the CPVC resin because we had also heard that 
availability of CPVC resin is also tight in the global markets, the plants which were 
expected to get commissioned in India, have they started supplying some of the CPVC resin 
which might reduce the imports for the players that was my first question and Sir the second 
question is related to how are you adding your channel particularly in the tier-1 and II 
markets and tier-2 below market so how that thing is panning out if you can share some 
number of dealers and distributors there and the third question Sir was related to the 
overhead water tank business so how that is shaping up? Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. If I remember correctly the first question was to do with CPVC, so the local 
capacity of Pranav have not really kicked in for the CPVC raw material manufacturers, so 
India as a industry we continue to be import dependent for the CPVC raw material. The 
availability is still not easing in the way the PVC raw material availability is easy and this 
will continue for the next one year minimum and we are in a good position and have strong 
supply security in CPVC as well and like I mentioned in the previous answer as well that 
we have been able to post double digit growth in CPVC as well despite a high base so we 
continue to gain market share in the CPVC segment on the back of material availability and 
all the activities that we are doing in the front end and I will join that to your second 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 10 of 20 
question in terms of also the distribution network that we have added has helped us grow 
our plumbing and SWR portfolio market share and we have constantly maintained number 
of distributors are not very important because the yield per distributor can vary right from 1 
Crores to 70 Crores what is important is adding the distributors in the right markets in the 
markets where there are white spaces, markets which are weak for Prince today and we 
have been able to consistently do that over the past few quarters and then that activity 
continues so it has spread across urban, semi-urban and rural parts so of course while today 
our distribution network is as good as any distribution network in the industry it is 
something that we are not content with and we need to continue to improve the reach and 
the quality of the distribution across north, west, south and east India. 
Pranav Mehta: 
On the overhead water tank business so how is that shaping up? 
Management: 
The tank’s business is shaping up well, the good part is that the distribution network is 
exactly the same, so right from the distributor, retailer, plumber who buys the Prince Pipe, 
the same channel buys the tanks and this proves that the reason for getting into the tanks 
business initially we have always stated that our focus is not on numbers, but it is on quality 
and distribution and across country, across different markets, we have a very strong brand 
equity in the tank space in terms of quality and the market realizes our quality that we are 
giving to the market, the design that we are giving to the market and we have reached a 
strike rate of around Rs.2 Crores to Rs. 3 Crores of sales per month. There is a huge scope 
for growth going forward, but this will not come overnight, this has to come in a structured 
manner, the weight has come in the pipe business since the past three decades so we do not 
need to focus only on the topline and the volume when it comes to tanks it is focusing on 
improving the asset light manufacturing network and focusing on the quality of the products 
that we are giving consistently to the market and I think the numbers will take care of 
themselves but the potential is huge and they are a very small baby in this market today of 
course because we have entered only in the past one or two years. 
Pranav Mehta: 
One last question on the competitive intensity, so obviously the unorganized and semi-
organized guys have remained impacted in last year two years, but we are also seeing is that 
some of the other guys are also planning to let us say some view of the MNCs are looking 
at the Asia as a growth market and they are trying to acquire assets and as well as some of 
the other groups are also entering into this, so can you throw some light on how the 
competitive intensity is shaping up on the organic side of the market? 
Management: 
Sure. Firstly your new entrance coming in not only Indian but like you said players from 
overseas coming to the Indian piping industry, it is the biggest sign of the opportunity of the 
potential that we are seeing and it reiterates the beliefs and the prospects that we have for 
this industry to grow exponentially over the long term. Coming to competitive intensity like 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 11 of 20 
I said we always welcome organized players coming in MNCs or larger Indian players it 
one helps us keeps us on our toes makes us more efficient also a lot of new products get 
launched, a lot of new avenues for growth and we are not shying away from competition in 
any way, I do not think this will have any sort of material impact on our profitability or our 
earnings but I see this in a positive way and organized players who are going to focus on, 
who are going to be disciplined and focus on new products is always good not only for the 
end user but also for us as an industry. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Thank you Sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just couple of things in terms of the capacity you broadly at 
about 283000 tonnes so what is the capacity addition going forward, how should one look at 
it in broad capex plans? 
Management: 
Thank you for your question. Most of the capacities that had to be put in Jaipur and 
Telangana are on stream, so there will not be any major new capacity coming in. The focus 
at least for the next if I have to talk four quarters has to be on sweating out the effects at 
Jaipur and Telangana ramping up capacity utilization by ramping up the market share, the 
market penetration and these newer geographies that we put up plants in, so for the next 
four quarters we just need to keep our focus on sweating out these assets and improving the 
utilization before putting up any major capacities going forward. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
The capacity addition in Jaipur and Telangana put together will be more like 30000 tonnes 
in this year that has just got increased? 
Management: 
Just give me one second please. It would be around 35 to 45 KT in that range. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay and h the other thing is because this year your cash flow generation has not been 
positive because a you had a capex about Rs.170 Crores odd and plus you had a higher 
inventory build up but next year onwards you will have a much higher cash flow generation 
because your working capital requirement will be quite stable and also in terms of the 
capacity expansion not happening so how should one look at the capital allocation more 
from maybe a two to three year perspective? 
Management: 
You are right. Any challenges of working capital or deviation from the regular is only on or 
majorly on the account of higher inventory days which like I said will normalize by July so 
we do anticipate stronger cash flows in the next one or two years. In terms of capital 
allocation, this is something that is being brainstormed regularly at the senior management 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 12 of 20 
level with our CXO team so one the first thing is that we continue to remain a growth 
oriented organization and there will be capital allocated either within the industry or to 
allied products like tanks or any such other avenues that we think will help the company 
grow in a structured manner over the long term and there will be a sort of consistent 
dividend payout as well what we have maintained over the past two years, we would like to 
continue that going forward, but the focus is that the organization will continue to be 
growth oriented and invest in the marketplace both in terms of capacities and in terms of 
branding and building a better brand equity over the long term. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay and broadly if I look at your utilization while for the year your utilizations have been 
lower, but probably you have exited by with almost about 60% to 65% utilization so what is 
the peak utilization that you all can hit? 
Management: 
Peak utilization would be in approximately 70% to 75% and a lot of our capacities have 
actually come in the second half of the financial year as well so that will actually the true 
picture of capacity and the right understanding of the test utilization will come at the end of 
the current financial year. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay and the other thing is this capacity expansion as far as the HDPE is concerned now if 
you can just broadly help us understand that where is the demand from HDPE coming is it 
more for the Nal-se-Jal projects or is it also coming into the agri part of it given the sharp 
increase in and if there is a price differential between HDPE and agri, PVC price just some 
color there would be helpful. 
Management: 
Firstly like we said this HDPE demand will be across retail projects and infrastructure but 
mainly it will be driven by infrastructure followed by the retail market that is where the 
demand will come from and you are right it is because of the gap between PVC and the 
other polymers like PE and PP is not what it used to be which is why HDPE consumption 
has increased over the past few quarters and which is why we have forayed into this 
segment. Again this segment is not going to be lucrative as far as margins are concerned but 
it is going to be a good volume driver, good potential to cross-sell this product in our 
distribution and obviously help us with operating leverage benefits in terms of cost 
absorption and capacity utilization as well. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Just one last question from my side if you look at the overall demand if you look at 
individual segments of your demand drivers one is housing, which has been strong and 
which the outlook is also strong, agri has been because of a weak base and last two seasons 
have not been great and then you have Nal-se-Jal and infrastructure projects so housing and 
infrastructure projects you have been consistent in saying the demand has been good. In 
terms of agri how are you seeing is it like this season also because of the channel 
destocking and PVC price is coming off will be kind of a washout because agri is a short 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 13 of 20 
season right you have probably March to June and at that point in time lower PVC prices 
should it impact demand because people will kind of postpone their purchases how should 
one look at if you can help us understand with that? 
Management: 
So these are the past couple of agri seasons have been washed out Abhishek because of the 
higher PVC prices right and which has led to the farmers postponing their demand for the 
products to whatever extent that they can end of the day it is not a discretionary, it is a 
purchase which is needed and it is sort of mandatory for their irrigation so PVC prices 
softening and coming back maybe not to normal levels but at least softening from the 
higher levels is good in terms of PVC consumption for the country especially for the agri 
market which is tends to be more cost sensitive, so while there could be some destocking 
phenomena in volatile raw material markets I think in terms of long-term for the next 
couple of agri seasons ideally a lower PVC price bodes well. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shrenik Bachhawat from LIC Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Now my first 
question is on the volume growth basically what is the sustainable volume growth that we 
can see for the next two to three years and my second question is basically on the gross 
margin so is the product mix only the reason for the gross margin decline or is there in some 
component of inventory losses as well? 
Management: 
In terms of volume growth it is hard to give any guidances in such sort of a volatile market, 
but we have outpaced industry growth consistently and we continue to do that and in terms 
of a guidance it is very hard to sort of estimate where industry growth will be but I do 
believe that we will continue to outpace industry growth by 2% to 3% in a base case so we 
continue to remain bullish in terms of our ability to gain market share and overall the 
revival and real estate that we are seeing makes that will have a significant demand traction 
certain industry level as well over the medium to long term I am know pretty optimistic on 
the demand and consistent volume growth for the larger players like ourselves across 
different segments be it retail projects or infrastructure and what we are also doing to 
improve our market share is launch new products be it HDPE, be it inspection chambers 
and manual chambers for the underground segment so this is also going to help us improve 
our range and improve our cross selling that we are able to do in the market. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
So in that case could you help me with the industry growth or decline in FY2022? 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 14 of 20 
Management: 
Industry growth there should be degrowth at an industry level in the past financial year. I 
think exact numbers we would have when there is a professional resaling and all. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
This is the last question, could you please share the progress on the newer products we have 
been launching various new products in the last six to eight months, so where are we on that 
which products are firing which process lowers any light on that? 
Management: 
For industrial CPVC our capacities are coming in place and we should be in a position to 
launch that in the next few quarters and this is a product that is going to be not a major 
contributor in terms of volume but a very good complement to our existing portfolio 
because it is going to have almost double the gross margins of our current product portfolio, 
although the base would be very, very small in terms of contribution to our overall topline 
and on the other end of the spectrum we have added like I said earlier the HDPE pipes and 
the manual chambers and inspection chambers which will be more voluminous in nature, 
more volume driven rather than value driven but will help us improve capacity utilization 
and improve enjoy the better benefits of operating leverage and in the next few quarters as 
well we should continue to expand the product range and launch some new products which 
help us improve the overall brand equity of prints in the marketplace as well. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you just help us with the revenue and volume growth 
numbers for polymerizing end user industry wise for the full year? 
Management: 
Like you are aware the volume growth for us has been 1% over the past financial year, so 
this is very heartening to see that in this kind of a business environment. We have been able 
to keep our volumes intact in the face of a challenging business environment and on a large 
base as well and for the quarter, our volume growth has been 9% and this has largely been 
driven by the CPVC and PVC plumbing products as well as the SWR products. 
Jenish Karia: 
Okay and can you just split it in irrigation or plumbing and SWR? 
Management: 
Like I said the growth has been driven by the plumbing and SWR as a company policy and 
as an industry norm as well you would be well aware that nobody shares the segment-wise 
growth but I understand why you are asking the question and the growth has been driven 
largely by the plumbing and SWR space. 
Jenish Karia: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vivek Tulsyan from Newmark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
Just from the new product launches, the HDPE pipe and the manhole chambers, how big is 
this market and what is the landscape like and if you take a three, five year view how big 
could be due for business in terms of revenues? 
Management: 
Sorry, Vivek, I was not able to hear your question. 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
I was asking about the new products that we are launching the HDPE pipe and the manhole 
chambers how big is this overall industry and what is the overall landscape like and what 
revenues Prince would see from these products in a three, five year scenario? 
Management: 
Manual chambers and inspection chambers are mainly going to be cross sold with the DWC 
pipes in which we are seeing a good traction and a good growth especially in the past one 
year, so these manual chambers and inspection chambers are for the underground drainage 
sort of infrastructure, vertical and it is mandatory to have one chamber between every 30 
meters of DWC pipe so essentially every five pipes you need one chamber, so while I do 
not have exact numbers in terms of potential as DWC will grow and we are very optimistic 
on DWC growth we would be able to cross sell the chambers and grow this product 
segment as well. Only for the sewer application for the chambers the market approximately 
would be around Rs.2500 Crores to Rs.3000 Crores this can also be used for storm water 
and other applications and there is no sort of official data on that. 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
Understood and on the HDPE pipe side, how big is that market? 
Management: 
Vivek allow me to get back to you on that exact figure. 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
Okay, no problem. The other thing on the other expenses, so the other expenses have come 
up sharply compared to last quarter of the last year and from a full year perspective it is not 
grown much so what are the few line items where this is showing the kind of not growing as 
much? 
Management: 
Just to give you a few line items, it could have power labor, transportation, advertising and 
legal costs, these are the few line items. 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
Where would you say most of the saving has been because this is not grown much despite 
our revenues growing? 
Management: 
I do not see it as a saving I think a lot of it is semi variable in nature so that operating 
leverage is bound to payoffs when we have this kind of growth. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 16 of 20 
Vivek Tulsyan: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Utkarsh N from Haitong. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh N: 
Good morning everyone. I have few questions. First on the capex part, if we see over the 
last two years we have spent roughly around Rs.290 Crores to Rs.300 Crores odd on the 
capex whereas our pipe capacity has just grown by around 26000 to 26500 tonnes, can you 
please help me out why the pipe capacity addition is so small compared to our a large 
capex? 
Management: 
That is a good question Utkarsh. This number of around Rs.250 Crores to Rs.300 Crores 
includes two greenfield projects in Jaipur and Telangana so significant chunk of this has 
gone into infrastructure, civil and utilities at both the plants and the land bank as well which 
is why the capex number is higher and like I said in the next one to two years, the focus will 
now be on these capacities how we sweat out these effects and drive the market share on the 
front end which will help us improve the capacity utilization on the back end and the good 
part is now we have the land bank we have the infrastructure in two strategic locations of 
Jaipur and Telangana where now when we want to do incremental capex once we reach our 
ideal capacity utilization that incremental capex is going to be very favorable or cheaper 
which will really help us in terms of performance going forward. 
Utkarsh N: 
In the second half if we see, second half of FY2022 we have spent roughly Rs.90 Crores 
odd on the capex side and if I look the capacity data what we have given in the second 
quarter presentation and in this current quarter I see that our installed capacity has come 
down from 292 KTPA to 283 KTPA, why it is so? 
Management: 
Just allow me to get back to you on that Utkarsh. 
Utkarsh N: 
Third thing is that like when we discussed the capex part in the last ending call it was 
mentioned that our Telangana capacity is currently at 25000 tonnes and by the end of March 
quarter it is likely to go up to 50000 tonnes because we are towards the end of the capex 
cycle, but in our current presentation it is mentioned that the current Telangana capacity is 
17000 tonnes it is lower than what we have guided in the last ending call? 
Management: 
Yes I think this is being done in a phase wise manner and because of the challenging 
business environment some of this capacity will be brought up in the next one or two 
quarters going forward. There has also been some machines in transit from inter-unit which 
is why this difference is being seen. 
Utkarsh N: 
Sorry I am not able to understand. I just wanted to know are we done with the total capex 
regarding Telangana still some amount is left to be spent on Telangana. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 17 of 20 
Management: 
Yes, the total capex for Telangana is done, there is just some capacities inter-units that are 
being realigned which we will be able to realign in the next one or two quarters. 
Utkarsh N: 
Okay and what would be our capex outlook for FY2023 and if you can specifically guide 
what would be our routine maintenance capex and if there are any further growth capex for 
FY2023? 
Management: 
So the capex in the current year will be low, it will be mainly towards maintenance and 
deep bottlenecking so would be around Rs.40 Crores to Rs.50 Crores. 
Utkarsh N: 
And what is the current utilization of Telangana and Jaipur plant at the moment and what it 
was there in the Q4? 
Management: 
So of course at the moment the h capacity utilization is not as exciting but in Q4 we had 
reached a good capacity utilization what is important to us is to have consistently have a 
capacity utilization of more than 50% to 60% and it will take a few quarters for that to 
happen. 
Utkarsh N: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajesh Shah from AlfAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
This is Rajesh Kothari here. A great set of number in otherwise challenging environment. I 
have just one question. If I look at the overall industry growth and of course brings it out 
perform industry but let us take Prince numbers for a moment that in the last three years 
FY2020, FY2021 and FY2022 volume growth of 3%, 4% and 1% and this is of course 
better than industry because it means industry has been either zero or it would have been a 
degrowth, so if I compare this with FY2019 of course FY2019 the volume growth of 
industry was also high and Prince was also at around 18% so my question is why the flattish 
growth of the industry in last three years and what will make it to grow at around 9%, 10% 
of industry growth. Can you explain this? 
Management: 
The flattish growth of degrowth at an industry level has majorly been on account of COVID 
and other challenges which have not only been I think in the industry but for the economy 
and the global economy at large. Going forward like we said earlier in the call that the 
industry is poised for growth I would say high single digit growth at an industry level is 
very, very attainable to answer your question and that is on the back of strong demand 
traction from the real estate sector. I do believe will help this industry grow at the pace that 
it should be growing. 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 18 of 20 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Why you are saying that it is going to be only high single digit because for three years it has 
been flat correct so from when you have a three years of zero growth almost why you do 
not think that at least for one or two years it can be high double digit growth rather than 
high single digit code? 
Management: 
If it will be high double digit growth we would be happy and then we are in a position to 
cater to that demand from a distribution and from a manufacturing point of view, so see 
there are so many uncertainties in the environment it is really hard to give a guidance on 
industry growth, but if the industry grows at a better pace we would be the happiest because 
we are poised in the right direction today. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
I have a few questions. First coming up on the capacities during FY2022 can you share the 
split of capex cross plans, where are they spend these capex amount? 
Management: 
We will get back to you on the plant wise capex. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
I just wanting to because this Telangana plant broadly what would be the split of capex and 
is there anything pending on the Telangana plant and even on the Jaipur plant? 
Management: 
No, the majority capex has been concluded. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, why I am asking this because the PBT continues to say that phase wise capacity 
expansion over next to two to three years? 
Management: 
Yes maybe that would be an error but there will be incremental capacity as the demand 
improves there is we have set up the infrastructure and the civil and the utilities in such a 
way that we have an ability to do incremental capex going forward. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So that would be over and over the current investors capacity? 
Management: 
Correct. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay and second is in terms of your dealer productivity, you have been talking about that 
here focus has been consistently on generating better yield per dealer, so how has that 
improved in this FY2022 versus over FY2020 something like that? 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 19 of 20 
Management: 
The focus is on expanding the distribution networks the yield per distributor really is not 
something that is not controllable because a distributor could be it depends on the market 
whether it is a urban market obviously the yield tends to be higher and semi urban and rural 
markets whether maybe market sizes of that particular district or a particular town would be 
lower so then the yield in those markets would be lower so I think yield for distributor is not 
something which is really controllable for us, what is controllable for us is driving volume 
growth by expanding the distribution network. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay and how is that grown Sir year-on-year? 
Management: 
We have posted a 1% volume growth in the past. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Not the volume growth, your dealer network growth? 
Management: 
So in terms of numbers it is not something which is very significant, it continues to be more 
than 1500 channel partners across the country, but no major addition. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, two more questions. One is on the project sales where you have a dedicated team set 
up and has been working aggressively, so how is that reflected in numbers, what is the 
revenue share from project sales for you maybe in Q4 over all long when you can give a 
comparative period how has that changed for you? 
Management: 
There is good growth that we are seeing in the project segment, but of course the base is 
much smaller so in terms of reflecting on our overall numbers it is not a major shift retail 
continues to be the core business for the organization. Project has grown but it is not major 
in terms of shifting the contribution from project. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So any target for next to two or three years like FY2024 what sort of project revenue 
number you are looking at for your overall revenue mix? 
Management: 
In terms of revenue mix it is hard to guide because the retail also will continue to grow. It is 
challenging for me to put a project will be x percent of the overall business, but it will 
continue to grow, we are babies in the project market we have a long way to go while we 
have made breakthroughs in multiple accounts, we have a long, long way to go, so we 
should have double digit growth in the project segment consistently for the next two to 
three years. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
One last question in terms of the demand side if I see the last three year revenue CAGR for 
most of the players, we see Supreme and Finolex have degrown on a three year basis when 
other bigger players have still have grown around 6% volume CAGR, Prince has delivered 
a 3% volume CAGR, so the point I am trying to get into is there are two points is the 

 
 
 
Prince Pipes and Fittings Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 20 of 20 
market itself has not grown over the last three years, first and second the hypothesis is that 
there is a consolidation smaller players getting laid out or it seems the other way around, 
top two players have not seen a volume contraction and some of the mid-sized players like 
Prince, Apollo Pipes has shown volume pickup so how do we understand this demand and 
market consolidation? 
Management: 
The overall trend is towards consolidation and the organized players have become larger. 
Within the organized there have been some players which have been more agile with a more 
of a focus on distribution and newer product launches and heavy investments into the 
marketplace so within the organized players of course there are going to be players on 
different ends of the spectrum, but like every industry this industry continues to formalize 
and continues to consolidate I do believe that. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So on demand any view what would be the demand growth last three years or maybe 
FY2022 what sort of demand the industry has grown and also what sort of number you are 
looking at from a macro perspective because that would be an important driver? 
Management: 
Yes, you are right it would be an important driver and going forward I do believe that I 
cannot quantify it or put a number on it but there are strong growth prospects given that real 
estate is headed in the right direction. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
But you would agree that last two to three years there have not been any growth in the 
industry, is that a fair assumption? 
Management: 
Yes, that is a fair assumption. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments go ahead. 
Management: 
Thank you to all the participants for joining the call today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
