REF:TTL:SE: 
Date: 
23 May, 2022 
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE 
8th Floor, Express Trade Towers, 15-16, Sector-16A, 
Noida - 201301, 
U.P., 
India 
T.: +91 1204308000 
IF: 
+91 1204311010-11 
www.triveniturbines.com 
BSE Limited 
National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower, 
Exchange Plaza, yh Floor, 
Dalal Street, F0l1, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI - 400001 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 533655 
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2022 
Rcgd Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extn., Naida - 201 305 (U.P.) 
CIN: L2911 OUP1995PLC041834 
Dear Sirs, 
Further to our letter dated May 17, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analysts/Investors 
Calion the Audited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of Triveni 
Turbine 
Limited for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 held on Monday, 
May 16, 2022. The 
same is also being made available on the Company's website at: https://www.triveniturbines.com. 
You are requested to take the same on record 
Thanki ng you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Turbine Ltd. 
Rajiv Sawhney 
Com pany Secretary 
M.No.8047 

 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q4 & FY 22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 16, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Triveni Turbine 
Limited Q4 & FY 22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Thank you. Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Q4 & FY 2022 earnings conference call of Triveni 
Turbine Limited. We have with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil 
Sawhney 
- 
Vice 
Chairman 
and 
Managing 
Director;  
Mr. Arun Mote - Executive Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad - President, 
Global Sales - Product; Mr. Sachin Parab - President, Global Sales -
Aftermarket; Ms. Surabhi Chandna - Investor Relations & Value 
Creation along with other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made 
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a 
statement to this effect has been included in the invite, which was 
mailed to everybody earlier.  
 
I would also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all 
invitees, it may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or 
manner. 
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have an interactive question-and-answer 
session. I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, to share some 
perspectives with you with regard to the operations and outlook for 
the business. Over to you, sir. 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 24 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab. Very good afternoon to everyone. I'm 
very pleased to take you through the business updates and the 
earnings for FY 22 for your company Triveni Turbine. FY 22 has been 
a year of many milestones for Triveni Turbine, the company has 
achieved its highest ever turnover of ₹ 8.52 billion, which is a growth 
of over 21% over the previous financial year. 
 
Similarly, on the order booking front, the company has reported its 
highest ever order booking of ₹ 11.8 billion, which provides very good 
visibility for growth in FY 23. This is also coupled with the opening 
order book that we have for FY 23 as of the 1st of April, which is a 
growth of over 52% over the previous financial year. The company's 
domestic enquiry book has shown an increase of 57% over the 
course of this year compared to the previous financial year. And this 
has been led by sectors such as Co-Generation, Food Processing, 
Distillery, Pulp & Paper, Chemicals and a variety of different sectors 
including Cement, Sugar and Oil & Gas. 
 
International enquiry generation increased by 25% compared to  
FY 21. And geographies which generated increased demand were 
from Southeast Asia, followed by Europe and a variety of different 
sectors including renewable energy based Independent Power 
Producers (IPPs) as well as certain process industries led to this 
growth in enquiry book. The total enquiry book has seen a growth of 
over 36% over FY 21 and is skewed to about 60% of the enquiry 
book coming from the international market. 
 
Triveni Turbines has installations in over 75 countries and enquiries 
from over 110 countries, and so it is looking to expand its reach 
continuously to better serve its customers. The Company's product 
portfolio is also well poised in the near-term, with growth in both the 
30 MW to 100 MW segment, which it is revisiting with the renewed 
vigor, as well as the API market segment in which it offers energy 
efficient drive turbine technologies and products. 
 
The Aftermarket segment is also showing good growth, both in terms 
of being able to have installations in a variety of new markets, be it in 
terms of large, ultra-critical and supercritical technologies, large utility 
turbines, including applications such as Geothermal and a variety of 
specialty applications and other rotating equipment. The Company is 
also adding capabilities across a variety of different internal functions 
including Human Resource, Manufacturing, as well as Technology. 
And I would be happy to take you through these during the course of 
our interaction.  

 
Page 3 of 24 
As far as financial performance is concerned, the revenue from 
operation for the financial year was at ₹ 8.52 billion, which I've 
already stated, which is a growth of over 21%. EBITDA for FY 22 was 
at ₹ 1.92 billion which is a 15% growth and net of margin of 22.5%. 
PAT for FY 22 is at ₹2.7 billion, an increase of 164% year-over-year, 
which is aided by an exceptional item of income, which we have 
accounted for in Q2 of this financial year.  
 
During the current quarter, the company acquired 70% stake in TSE 
Engineering Pty. Limited (TSE) in South Africa for a cash 
consideration of South African ZAR 11.9 million, which is an 
equivalent of ₹ 57.6 million, to further strengthen the company's 
position in the Aftermarket business in the South African 
Development Community (SADC) region. 
 
The Board of Directors has also recommended in this previous board 
meeting a payment of a final dividend of 85%, which is 0.85 per 
equity share of ₹ 1 each and the second special dividend at 70%, 
which is ₹ 0.70 per equity share of ₹ 1 each for FY 2021-22, subject 
to Shareholders' approval. The EPS for the financial year stands at ₹ 
8.36 per share.  
 
For the quarter in specific, the revenue from operations increased by 
33% over the corresponding period of FY 21 to ₹ 2.37 billion and 
EBITDA came in at, just shy of ₹ 497 million at the margin of 21%, 
which is an increase of 71% over the previous financial year. 
 
Profit before tax at ₹441 million was an increase of 87% over the 
previous financial year, and profit after tax at ₹330 million with an 
increase of 42% over the same quarter of the previous financial year.  
 
The total consolidated outstanding order book stands at ₹ 9.7 billion 
as of the 31st of March 2022, which is higher by 52% when compared 
to the previous financial year. The domestic outstanding order book 
stood at ₹ 5.4 billion and the export outstanding of order book 
doubled in FY 22 and stands at ₹ 4.3 billion as on March 31, 2022.  
 
The export order booking during the quarter, the details are part of 
our investor brief, was at ₹ 740 million, which is high by 2% and 
during the full period of the financial year stood at ₹ 4.7 billion, an 
increase of 122% as compared to the last year.  
 
The company achieved as I have already said, total order booking of 
₹ 11.8 billion in financial year FY 22. And this is the highest ever in its 

 
Page 4 of 24 
history, as against ₹ 6.4 billion during FY 21, which is an increase of 
84%, which has been driven primarily by with an export order 
booking, which is of course as you know, with a higher margin. 
 
On the Product side, the order booking during the quarter improved 
significantly to ₹ 2.2 billion, which was 75% higher when compared to 
the corresponding period of the previous year. And the product 
segment turnover was ₹ 1.7 billion during the quarter, an increase of 
32% over the previous year. Aftermarket segment registered an order 
booking of ₹ 639 million during the quarter, growing by 57% when 
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The 
aftermarket turnover was ₹ 619 million during the quarter, a growth of 
35% over the previous year. 
 
Aftermarket has contributed to 26% of the total turnover in Q4 FY 22 
and 27% in FY 22, which is largely similar to previous year’s levels. 
Despite the growth in turnover of products, Aftermarket has equally 
kept pace and we believe that this to be the trend going forward as 
well.  
 
Enquiry generation during Q4 FY 22 remained strong in both the 
domestic and international markets on a year-on-year basis. And we 
believe this will lead to very good visibility of orders in the coming 
year, which would give visibility for turnover in FY 24. 
 
The total investments of the company as of 31st of March 2022 
stands at ₹ 7.59 billion, this is versus ₹ 3.41 billion as of the 31st of 
March 2021. The net working capital for the company is at a negative 
i.e. ₹ -1.53 billion due to higher customer advances of ₹ 2.88 billion 
versus ₹ 1.68 billion in FY 21.  
 
The global market has been steady, if we look at it in the entire 
market from zero to 100 MW, though the zero to 30 MW has seen 
greater growth, while the higher than 30 MW segment has seen a 
decline in the market over the previous financial year. 
 
Triveni Turbine's domestic market shares continues to be robust at 
near 50% and international market share has also increased during 
the current year. The customer care business has focused on 
upgrades and automations as well as AMCs (Annual Maintenance 
Contracts) to further its business prospects and would continue to do 
this so as to increase its sales as well as its reach to its customers. 
 

 
Page 5 of 24 
I must point out that while turnover has grown by 21% over the  
FY 21, our profitability which is at the Profit Before Tax (PBT) levels 
have grown by approximately 18% over the previous financial year. 
The decline in margins has been led primarily by an increase in raw 
material cost by about 4.5% over the previous financial year, which 
has been driven by an increase in commodity prices, but also 
increased domestic sales as a percentage of turnover. Domestic 
sales as a percentage of turnover in FY 22 was at approximately 70% 
of sales turnover, while in FY 21, that same percentage was about 
56%. 
 
We believe going forward with an increased percentage of export as 
a percentage of our order booking as well as our carry forward order 
booking, this portrays a good visibility in terms of margins for the 
coming quarters as well as financial year. But more so is a fact that 
with a majority of costs already been absorbed into the system and 
being passed on in new contracts, we believe that we would revert to 
our long-term averages of higher than 20% PBT margins in the long-
term and medium term and short term as well. 
 
With that, I'd be happy to take questions. Over to you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question 
may press '*' and '1' on the touch-tone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press '*' and '2' 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking your 
question. Anyone who wish to ask a question may please press '*' 
and '1'. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. 
 
The first question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Yes, sir just wanted to check with you regarding the breakup of order 
inflow between the zero to 30 MW and 30 to 100 MW and how much 
potential is there for us? If you can just give some quantitative figures 
as to how much more can we grow in the 30 MW to 100 MW range, if 
we can do that, it'll be great sir 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. I will get Mr. S.N. Prasad, who is our President for Global 
Products to comment on this. But in the past quarter, we did not see 
any finalization of above 30 MW in our visible enquiry book. So, of 
both the domestic and international markets, Prasad can give a little 

 
Page 6 of 24 
bit more insight, but you are very right, Ravi that this market segment 
is somewhat new for us. We would be entering this and so therefore 
growth in this market segment would increase at a faster pace than 
our historical order booking. 
 
But going forward, we feel that we would not like to segment the 
market between zero to 30 MW and 30 to 100 MW, because it ends 
up just giving complications and a mixed message to a lot of analysts 
in terms of where the company stands. But having said that, we do 
see a very good participation in this growth. As you can tell from our 
order book, we do have a very strong order book in terms of growth. 
But Prasad, if you can address Ravi's question, in particular about 30 
MW to 100 MW and what traction do you see and where do you see 
Triveni's order booking growing in this market segment? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. In 30 MW to 100 MW in FY 22, we have a good traction. In 
terms of enquiry pipeline also there is a substantial increase in the 
enquiry pipeline, but in 30 MW to 100 MW the gestation period from 
enquiry to conversion, it takes a little longer compared to sub  
30 MW. But when we get into FY 23, yes, we are chasing some of our 
enquiries, which we are confident that FY 23 will be better than FY 
22. 
 
In FY 22, we picked up one domestic and one international order, 
which have given us a good acceptance in the market. So, FY 23 
based on the current pipeline, it will be much better than FY 22, what 
we see right now. So, the traction is from all different industry 
segments. So, starting from process Co-generation, Steel, etc. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. And the 30 to 100 MW or rather, here after I will call it the 
higher range. So, basically that is more from exports or we seeing the 
enquiry pipeline is more from exports or domestic, also are we seeing 
in terms of ordering, in terms of enquiry? 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
Yes, both domestic and export, both the tractions we are having. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Ravi, as you can see our domestic enquiry book has increased quite 
substantially by over 57%. There’s broad-based enquiries, which are 
coming from a variety of sectors, larger turbine orders tend to come 
from either large-scale process industries or from the steel industry, 
and both of which are seeing good fixed capital formation. 
 

 
Page 7 of 24 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. And if it is a margin profile at an EBITDA level for these 
kinds of orders, higher rating orders. They are better off than the 
lower rating. Is my assessment right on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, in general, the margin profile is driven more by the geography of 
customers rather than the size of Turbines. So, in typical domestic 
orders, will tend to carry similar margins and export orders will tend to 
carry similar margins, regardless of the type of Turbine. As you would 
understand, these are customized products. So, depending on the 
level of customization, the level of complexities, margins would go up 
as well. But in general, geography is a better teller of margins than 
the range. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. And my final question is in terms of the ongoing war in 
Europe, and there are talks of recession in U.S. Are you seeing any 
signs of that, or is it still we are seeing very good growth in terms of 
enquiries and pipeline etc.? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I let Prasad come in on this as well, but we had to reduce our order 
book by about ₹40 odd crore in this past quarter, because of certain 
orders that we took out for certain steel mills, which are currently 
being invaded in Mariupol, in Ukraine and in other parts, because of 
just lack of visibility. But in direct, the Ukrainian market is not a very 
large market for us. So, for direct orders, but in terms of its impact on 
a broader basis, we've seen high commodity prices, and therefore 
long gestation projects are on the table. 
 
This stretches from pretty much all geographies. Europe in specific 
which may be more impacted by this war, the investments into 
renewable energy is probably getting a renewed focus. And one of 
the orders that we picked up in this past quarter was from the largest 
waste-to-energy producer globally. And this is for a 29.5 MW turbine, 
20 kilometers from the Eiffel Tower in Paris. So, it's very prestigious 
order for us, but investments into renewable based application and 
renewable based projects in Europe continues to be strong. And we 
play a very strong role in that growth. 
 
But Prasad, would you like to comment a little bit about what is 
impacting other markets? 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
Yes sir. As you rightly mentioned in this quarter, we have taken out 
around ₹ 40 crore of orders what we picked up from Ukraine in Q3, 
because of the visibility and the current scenario. We don't know 

 
Page 8 of 24 
whether these projects will go through or not. Even though we have 
all the advances in place, we have taken out from our booking. 
 
Sir in Europe as you mentioned, yes Municipal Solid Waste and 
Process Co-Generation segments are doing quite well. And in U.S., 
our presence is not that strong. So even whatever anticipated 
recession in U.S., it may not impact us for FY 23 numbers, because 
we are not considered those markets into our estimates, either 
Russia, Ukraine, or U.S. The balance market where we are operating 
especially in Renewable Energy markets and Process Co-generation 
market, they are quite strong. We are hopeful there will not be any 
downfall in that side of the market. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to our participants, please press '*' and '1' if 
you wish to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Ankit 
Babel from Subhkam Capital Ventures. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, good afternoon and I'm sorry, I joined late. So, pardon me, if I'm 
asking any repetitive question. My first question is, what kind of order 
inflow growths you are expecting in current financial year, that is  
FY 23. So, this year I guess your order inflow was around ₹ 1,184 
crore in totality. So, on this base, what kind of growth or what kind of 
absolute numbers you're targeting this year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We don't specifically talk about this, but as the growth in our enquiry 
book, which is over 36% over the previous financial year, would give 
you an indication of what our ambitions are in terms of increase in 
order booking. Our targets are stiff, the market is tough, there is 
competition, it is not as if this is a very easy market to compete in. We 
do have a very strong value proposition we believe. So, our attempts 
are for good growth in order booking. If you see half of Q1 is already 
gone by, and we're very optimistic on what that tells us for the coming 
quarters. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, and you did mention about that margins will improve because 
of better export sales in the coming quarters, and also from the 
Aftermarket products. But considering the order book, which you have 
and expected order flows, which you are expecting this year. So from 
a top-line point of view, I mean what are your views? How much 
growth can we see there on a base of ₹ 850 crore? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well that's what I try to allude to earlier, which is that on base of ₹ 850 
crore, we had opening order book of approximately ₹ 640 odd crore. 

 
Page 9 of 24 
And so, there's always a book in bill in Q1 for product and aftermarket 
for up to Q3, which lends towards the turnover of any financial year. 
 
And so, given the fact that we have an extremely strong opening 
order book, which has increased by over 52% to ₹ 970 odd crore, 
while some of these are long duration contracts in the 30 MW to 100 
MW segment, which will be spent over to FY 24, including our 
visibility of good order booking in Q1 FY 23, we believe that there will 
be substantial growth in this current financial year. Enquiry generation 
in this financial year gives us confidence about order booking this 
current year, which leads to confidence for FY 24 as well. 
 
On the margin front, like I said, I think we did a very good job in terms 
of being able to preserve margins in FY 22 despite the fact that we 
had large commodity price increases, we had chrome Ingrid prices 
increasing by over 60%-70%, steel, copper prices increase as well. 
And so, absorbing those costs, and at the same time, dispatching 
turbines which are predominantly for the domestic market, I think we 
did well in terms of being able to preserve our PBT margins for the full 
financial year at about 20%. 
 
I must tell you that that steam turbine is a customized product, and 
the margins are different from order to order. And so while quarterly, 
you will see variations. For the full-year, it is a better indication to 
have this breakup like I told you. The fact that you will have higher 
dispatches in the export market compared in FY 23, as compared to 
FY 22 leads us to believe that with great degree of confidence that 
margins shouldn't be the biggest pressure. 
 
But having said that in this current financial year, which is FY 22, we 
expanded our employee base by over 10% as this has been a variety 
of high value-added segments and roles. We believe we will continue 
our growth in personnel in the current financial year as well. And so 
therefore, they will be increase in sort of capability building and 
capacity building from HR and personnel perspective, which we 
believe gives us good visibility to not only get more orders, but to 
execute these orders in the coming years. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And Sir what is the outlook on the API business, any 
breakthrough orders you're expecting in this year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, that's a market segment that we have low market share in. We 
see a very good potential in that market. I think that in specific, we 
would only see good growth in this market going forward. Our 

 
Page 10 of 24 
registrations are high and we've had good traction in FY 22. And we 
believe that that will only increase in FY 23. This market is quite 
consolidated in terms of the number of buyers that you have and the 
number of clients that we have. Without being too specific because 
there is a degree of competitive information in a lot of this, a lot of 
what we're talking about. We believe that this is definitely a segment 
of growth for the company where we are offering extremely 
competitively priced, energy efficient turbines for our end user market. 
 
So, this really does play to the broader theme of providing very 
efficient, energy efficient turbines for us. But Prasad, would you like to 
comment a little bit more on the API segment? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes sir. On API segment as you rightly mentioned, our market share 
right now is miniscule market share, but because of our approval 
there across the globe, and our enquiry pipeline is quite strong in API, 
and the quarters to come, years to come, this is going to be 
interesting segment for us. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, so that's helpful. And lastly, one question in the recent press 
release there was an announcement that one of your promoter, 
Triveni Engineering is selling some 22% stake in the company, out of 
that around 10% to 12% would be bought by the existing promoters in 
their individual capacity. Just wanted to understand the remaining 
10% would be sold in the market or it would be like any other 
promoters willing to buy out or what will happen to the remaining 
10%. How will the sale process happen in that 10% stake sir? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. As you know, since I'm an interested party, I'll get Surabhi who 
heads Investor Relations, to answer that question for you. 
 
Surabhi Chandna: 
The Board of Triveni Turbine has been informed of the 
announcements made by Triveni Engineering and these are in the 
public domain and on the stock exchanges. We have been informed 
of the promoters wish to acquire the 10% to 12% stake in TTL that 
you also mentioned about. The process is being run by Triveni 
Engineering and it is our belief as well that the balance amount is 
available for minority shareholders and the Board of Triveni Turbine 
views this positively because it will help expand the liquidity and the 
free float of the stock. 
 
The transaction has been informed that it will be at the arm's length 
pricing, which is market driven. So, those are the comments on the 
promoter stake sale et cetera, announced by TEIL to TTL. 

 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Ankit Babel: 
So, one confusion. So, the floor price was decided at ₹171 for the 
promoter to buy it from Triveni Engineering, but there has been no 
pricing decision or pricing any information on the pricing for the 
remaining 10%. So, would it be market driven and any timeline for 
that? 
 
Surabhi Chandna: 
That is correct. So, the terms and conditions say is that prevailing 
price or a floor price and hence it's a market driven pricing. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Even for the promoters also? 
 
Surabhi Chandna: 
Whichever is higher, so the language that if you see the 
announcement mentions that it will be minimum of ₹171 or prevailing 
market price whichever is higher, hence it is market linked. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Anyone who wish to ask a question at this time they may 
please press '*' and '1'. The next question is from the line of Vimal 
Sampath, as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
First question is in the press release, you have mentioned that the 
company is adding manufacturing capacity. So, how much I mean, is 
it a big thing or last time you said about ₹ 35 crore. So, is it the same 
thing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Board does not approved any other CapEx, so the CapEx as we have 
is as stated, that capacity expansion is underway and its currently 
partially already completed and it would be done significantly in the 
coming quarter, which has expanded our capacity from about 150-
160 odd turbines to over 210-215 turbines. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yes. Okay, so that is about 30-40%, we have increased correct. So 
still we will be left with lot of cash. Any decision, I mean Board is 
contemplating or anything in the pipeline because buyback…also.. 
about the cash on the books? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The Board has not contemplated anything. The Board in its previous 
Board Meeting has announced both the final as well as special 
dividend, which complies with our dividend policy of distributing 30% 
payout ratio on net profit. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Okay. And on that South African acquisition. It is basically for 
aftermarket only or even in future, it will be a production based? 
 

 
Page 12 of 24 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It will never be a production base to the extent that it could be full-
fledged manufacturing, there is a workshop there which will deal with 
the local market in terms of a variety of different requirements that 
Steam Turbines may have, which can be done locally. It will be ably 
supported, but of course by the whole manufacturing base. We 
believe that there may be some further CapEx in this entity in the 
coming years, which will be met only through internal accruals of that 
specific entity itself. 
 
But I let our President Global - Aftermarket, Sachin Parab to tell you a 
little bit more about this particular acquisition, its visibility, but also on 
the general aftermarket outlook both for South Africa and globally. So 
over to you, Sachin. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes, good afternoon. To answer your specific query about South 
Africa. This acquisition is primarily meant for our Aftermarket 
business. And we do not contemplate any manufacturing activity 
there for the Product business. This is definitely going to support all 
the customers of Triveni Turbines in the SADC region. So indirectly, 
it's definitely going to benefit our product business. Primary objective 
of this acquisition was to build our refurbishment business, which is 
our multi-brand service offering. 
 
Our target objective was to better service our customers and give 
them the confidence that we are closer to the customers to take on 
more jobs, more complex jobs, and a variety of jobs in the 
refurbishment business, which is as I said, the multi brand service 
offering. So, this will definitely help us grow our enquiry pipeline for 
the aftermarket business in the SADC region in Africa. It will also give 
us an opportunity to access the other markets in the African continent 
with our manpower base in South Africa. 
 
So in general, this is a stepping stone for our growth for the 
refurbishment business in the African continent. And as mentioned by 
our VCMD, to dwell on the aspect of Aftermarket outlook, we have a 
very good enquiry pipeline from different parts of the world, including 
Africa. The Indian market too, we have seen a very good traction in 
terms of enquiries for the refurbishment business as well as our part 
sales and service business which is the Triveni Product Support 
Group. So, we are quite buoyant that FY 23 we'll see better growth 
than what we achieved in FY 22 for the aftermarket business. Thank 
you. 
 

 
Page 13 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyesh Babariya 
from Batlivala & Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Priyesh Babariya: 
Yes. So my first question is regarding capacity utilization. What is 
capacity utilization as of now as we make around 200 to 220 steam 
turbines per annum. So, what's the right now capacity utilization as 
compared to the previous financial year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay, and what is the second question? 
 
Priyesh Babariya: 
The second question is regarding the market share. So domestic 
market share is around 50%, so what is our international market 
share as of now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay, so I'd take the second question first. And then I would ask Arun 
Mote, our Executive Director and CEO to talk a little more about the 
capacity utilization and any constraints that he perceives on that front, 
including the capital investment and by when it would be operational, 
et cetera. 
 
From a market share perspective, as we said in the past, we aim to 
maintain a dominant market share in the domestic market. This is part 
of strategy so that we're able to have the appropriate cost structure 
which is necessary for us to leverage it globally. Internationally, our 
market share is dependent on our visibility. We do not have full 
visibility in the international market. And so, the market share to the 
extent of the orders that we do see is quite high, but we do not see a 
majority of orders. 
 
So therefore, it is very difficult to read anything into what is our market 
share internationally. We tend to say the growth in our enquiry book is 
more reflective of our operations internationally, because once you do 
get an enquiry, that that is half the battle with the customer, that 
means he's accepting you as a supplier. 
 
So that is the answer to that question. Arun, could you give a little bit 
more light on any capacity constraints or what is the capacity 
utilization that we have right now? 
 
Arun Mote: 
As regards the capacity, as our Vice Chairman has said, we have 
about 150 to 180 numbers of turbines that we can make in the current 
capacity. We are adding a one full bay in our new Sompura plant. The 
execution of this expansion is already under the way and we should 
be able to complete it by mid-August or end August. 

 
Page 14 of 24 
 
This will give us capacity between about 220 to 250 numbers of 
turbines varying between all the sizes. Here the handling capacity will 
be close to about 300 tonnes. So that would mean not only 100 
megawatts, but even the bigger ones can be handled, which can be 
for the refurbishing area. This is the internal infrastructure. 
 
As regard to subcontractors, we are increasing our subcontractors by 
25%. We are giving preference to our old employees, who have 
retired by helping them locate facilities, helping them in expansion, 
helping them in getting finance. And that's how things are working 
out. We will be increasing the subcontractor business as percentage 
substantially in the coming year. We have no extra addition of capital 
except what our Vice Chairman has said about ₹ 35 crore to ₹ 40 
crore for expansion of these. 
 
As regard to manpower, we already recruited 60 persons in Q4 and 
part of Q1. And we expect the staffing to be complete for our 
expanded business by August to September. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Shah from 
Quasar Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Just wanted to understand the 30 MW - 100 MW market since now 
it's a standalone opportunity for us? And what are our plans to 
compete with stronger companies. Obviously, up to the 30 MW 
segment, we have a good market share and a good hold. But like, 
how do we plan forward to, because this is expanding our market size 
and suppose the 30 MW success can be replicated into a 100 MW 
success. It will be a great thing for the company.  Can you draw some 
lines on the plans, which we have on how we are telling to overcome 
the challenges which you face? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, it is a very good question, because 30 MW to 100 MW segment 
has historically been a market, which is 1.5x the size of the below 30 
MW. So, there is a substantial increase in market size, the 
addressable market size for Triveni Turbines to operate in a 
standalone basis. And we're quite excited by that. So, there are two, 
three different issues around that. One is in terms of technology, from 
a technology perspective, over the last 10 years, while we had a joint 
venture, which ran and did execute projects within the 30 MW to 100 
MW range. As far as the executed projects from that joint venture 
were concerned, over 50% of the executed projects were done on 
Triveni Technology. 

 
Page 15 of 24 
 
So, we do have references on that technology range, which is 
applicable for the market in which we are addressing. So that is one. 
We further continue to do technological development in this range, 
both in the lower say 30 MW to 45 MW to 55 MW segment as well as 
higher to be able to get energy efficient, cost efficient products to our 
customers, which is the same methodology we use in the below  
30 MW segment. 
 
So, the blade profiles and the structure analysis and the fluid 
dynamics that we would use would be common to a large extent 
amongst these product ranges. As you would know, the market 
segment above 30 MW for us is the same principle market, which is 
industrial in nature, where it’s heavily customized. 
 
And so, our product philosophy and design philosophy of being 
modular and being able to execute these projects to a high degree of 
customer confidence stays consistent. The second part, which is a 
little bit more difficult is the sales aspect and marketing aspect to get 
customer confidence to be able to quote. And this is a process that 
happens slower, but our ambition is over the medium term to have 
equivalent market share, as we do have in the below 30 MW segment 
to the higher segment as well. And we are making all efforts both in 
terms of our agent network, our customer engagements as well as 
having a greater on the ground presence, which will be supplemented 
by our aftermarket business to give greater customer confidence in 
the higher MW segments. 
 
The higher MW segments tend to be driven by companies, which are 
larger in nature and therefore have supply chain departments which 
process orders as opposed to smaller companies which are more 
entrepreneurial in nature in terms of placing orders. So, there is a 
greater degree of customer confidence that has to happen from a 
branding perspective as well. And we are aware of all the steps that 
we need to take. The journey will be slow, but we are confident that 
we would be able to get there. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Just a follow-on. So just I'm trying to understand the use case. Let's 
say there's a cement company, which was using Triveni's  
30 MW or under 30 MW products, but now because the expansion of 
capacities is also taking at on larger scale, they might enter into a 
captive power plant, which is let's say 50 MW or 75 MW. So is Triveni 
being invited for that tender or as of now that is getting difficult for us. 
 

 
Page 16 of 24 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It is as if you have an insight into our enquiry book and order 
negotiation. We are fully participating in all these discussions and 
ordering processes. Prasad, can you expand it, give a little bit more 
color on this? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, when we are participating on these markets, where we have 
supplied the machines in sub-30 MW, customers give the enquiry to 
us in that 30 MW to 100 MW segment. And some of those success 
what we got in last year also. One of the orders is a similar success 
like that. So, we are focusing on building the enquiry pipeline and 
increasing our visibility. Once that is there, the sales process and 
what customer differentiation factors, more or less in sub 30 MW and 
above 30 MW, it is more or less similar grounds in terms of service 
capabilities, and the sales network. 
 
So, we are confident on that. Since the sales process is more or less 
same. So once the enquiry pipeline is built up, we'll be able to see the 
success at a faster pace. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Okay, okay. And is the margin profile of this range because, 
obviously, we are entering as a challenger or a new company, is the 
margin profile of Triveni brings that under 30 MW we are the only 
company who is making profits on our product, on the product 
business. So in the above 30 MW range, how would be the pricing 
intensity and how are we planning to compete like, will it be within the 
existing margin range of the company? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, I mean, the thing is Triveni Turbines doesn't directly compete on 
price. We offer our customers a value proposition. Reduction price 
doesn't take place as you imagine, because these are customized 
products. So, the price for one customer always would be different 
from price to another customer. 
 
But having said that, the pricing philosophy is similar amongst all 
product ranges. There is no discounting that happens based on 
market entry. It's more from a perspective in geography, in terms of 
customer expectations and the competitive intensity within certain 
geographies that determines the margin levels. 
 
Ankur Shah: 
Okay. Thanks for that. Second question on the capital allocation. Like 
what I can imagine is that Triveni Turbines largely is a working capital 
negative business, and it doesn't require that much capital even to 
expand or to gain, because in general, we are getting advanced 
receipts from our order bookings. So, now like considering the one-

 
Page 17 of 24 
time payoffs, which we got from the settlement and the cash 
generation, which has happened because of a good business year. I 
was pretty surprised that Triveni is going ahead with the heavy cash 
balance sheet into the next year. So, what would be the 
considerations which the Board has discussed in the meeting, which 
allowed them to take them a stance that we want to run a capital 
heavy 
balance 
sheet, 
in 
spite 
of 
the 
business 
favoring  
non-capital intensive business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Right. The direct question of the higher cash balance was addressed 
to the extent that the Company decided, or the Board maintained the 
dividend policy as a percentage of payout ratio over 30%, which 
incorporated the gains that we had made an exceptional item in Q2. I 
think in specific the cash balance question is something that will be 
looked at dynamically, it is only something that we've seen a large 
jump, that as of 31 March, 2022 has seen a cash balance of about ₹ 
759 crore as opposed to ₹ 384 crore as of 31st of March, 2021. And 
so this new doubling has only happened on the past year. We have to 
wait for a little bit to see how this whole thing plays out from a 
perspective of capital requirement of the business. 
 
You're right that the business does work on negative working capital 
basis. It does not have a huge capital investment plans. But currently 
nothing has been as we brought to the Board and not neither the 
Board contemplated on this direct matter. But we're conscious of it. I 
have to say that we're conscious of the matter, but it hasn't been 
addressed specifically. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar Kedia from 
Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Hi Nikhil. And congratulations on an excellent set of numbers for FY 
22. My first question is that within the Product and the Aftermarket 
business order inflows that you have been put in, is it possible to get 
at least a rough breakdown of the export and domestic for the year or 
split for the year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Between the aftermarket and product? 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Yes, on anyone, because then we can work it out backwards, so any 
one business you can get the state between export and domestic? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, Amar in general, I don't think we give that that breakup, but let 
me talk about it in a different manner. The margin level in both export 

 
Page 18 of 24 
and domestic in the Aftermarket segment, which is for spares and 
service is pretty much the same, there may be a little bit of difference. 
But that's dependent on order to order. The refurbishment market 
segment has a slightly lower margin. But the international and 
domestic markets have similar margin profiles. Export will be slightly 
higher, but it is not as significant as it is on the product side. Product 
has a much bigger difference in terms of domestic and international 
markets in terms of the margin profile. So I don't know if I'm 
answering your question. But this is a roundabout way of giving you 
an answer. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Okay, okay. All right. Second is on this Drive Turbine market, you've 
been there on these approvals? I remember I think a few years ago 
you had received a large order either from Kuwait or I don't remember 
the exact one, but I think this was about three years ago. So maybe if 
you can take a minute or two to just tell us what has been your overall 
progress on the drive turbine market ever since you started getting 
those approval? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay, great question. On the Drive Turbine market order that we 
talked about was with Kuwait National Petroleum, several years ago. 
It is a successful installation and of course that led further to better 
registrations with customers. As Prasad talked about in this call, it 
says little while ago, our market share currently is miniscule. And 
we're making great strides in increasing our presence. Some of that is 
reflected in our order book directly. And the rest is reflected in our 
enquiry books. 
 
This is not only in international markets, but also within India itself, 
which has requirements for energy-efficient Drive Turbine installations 
for both upstream and downstream oil and gas processes. So, we 
see a very good market here. We pretty much have four growth 
avenues for the company right now. One is, of course, the 
Refurbishment and Aftermarket sales that we've talked about 
previously. We have the 30 MW to 100 MW market segment, which is 
growing well with increased focus. The API market segment of Drive 
Turbines is going to grow because of our very low market share. 
Again, to give you an idea, the entire market for Drive Turbines in our 
opinion is approximately the same value size as the below 30 MW 
segment. So that's pretty much doubling our market size there also by 
approaching the API segment more aggressively and more 
comprehensively. 
 

 
Page 19 of 24 
And the last, of course, is the fact of the below 30 MW growth, which 
is happening through our increased fixed capital formation and 
increased spend on Renewable Energy, which has happened to the 
form of decentralized power generation, especially for Renewable 
Energy. So, those are the growth avenues. 
 
For the year past, we've seen a growth in the order book - opening 
order book by 52%. And so that gives us good visibility, even though 
some of those orders will get translated into FY 24. But that combined 
with our book and bill gives us good visibility in growth in this coming 
year. And this will be added also by the API market segment, which 
has somewhat shorter duration dispatches. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
My other question is on your working capital for this year, obviously 
have seen exceptionally low on the back of very strong customer 
advances. But that's also a function of the order inflows. So how do 
you see this panning out? Do you expect your working capital to 
remain at a much low level or do you think that as the order inflow 
overall normalizes that will come back?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
There are two, three areas behind this. One is, of course increased 
customer flows. The second is our reduced inventory level. So what 
you saw in FY 21, even when we had negative working capital, that 
was because of a reversal of inventories. And the fact that we got 
even more streamlined in our modular manufacturing process and 
design process so that the multiple implications of that which is both 
in terms of cost reduction and raw material saving, et cetera, and 
manufacturing cost saving, but that also led to negative working 
capital in those years. 
 
We don't see a buildup of inventory, which is going to be 
disproportionate to our growth in sales. So inventory will grow to the 
extent, that the sales will grow that to be. Order booking, we believe 
will continue to grow and have a good growth. So therefore, in the 
short, medium term, we don't see a reversal in this negative working 
capital. At worst, if it comes to a situation and we don't have a 
receivable cycle, which is for receivable at the end of Q4 it is always 
higher than it is in other quarters, because usually Q4 is a high 
dispatch quarter. 
 
But having said that, it's all largely under control, we don't seem to 
have an issue that given the fact that we get good customer 
advances of anywhere between 15% to 20% to 25%. 
 

 
Page 20 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from 
Envision Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So, first question was for the order book that you have right now, the 
inflows of the order book. How much of the growth is because of 
increase in prices? Or what is the volume-led growth? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You see every Turbine is customized. So, let me answer this question 
in another way, if you look at the increase in raw material cost from 
about 50.5% to about 55%, in this previous financial year, out of that 
4.5% approximately 2.5% was driven by increase in raw material 
costs directly and another 2% was driven by a little more than 2% 
was driven by the change in product mix, being heavily domestic 
market focused. So, majority of the growth in order book has come 
because of volume-led growth. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, understood. And with respect to your book-to-bill 0.7-0.8 kind 
of book-to-bill is what we will continue with, because you were saying 
that some orders that may spill into FY 24? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't know about 0.7-0.8. But we don't typically give the break up as 
to how much carry forward is going into FY 24. But majority, I would 
say over 90% would be executed in this current financial year. They 
would of course be book and bill for product in Q1 and aftermarket, all 
the way up to Q3. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from 
Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya: 
Yes sir. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just a few fundamental 
questions, how the company enter into Aftersales contracts. Do we 
enter into Aftersales contract, while we sell our turbines. And if not, do 
we hire agents or a separate sales force for these types of contracts? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You see, every order is customized. And so we aim to maximize the 
engagement with the customer. So if the customer that wants greater 
confidence during the initial sales process to include spares, which 
are outside warranty spares, we'll be happy to engage in that. 
Otherwise the conversation starts. We need to hand-hold the 
customer for the lifecycle of the product which stretches anywhere 
from 20 years to 35 years for turbines, maybe even 40 years for some 
turbines. So the engagement is continuous and the engagement on 
the Aftermarket services like what I did talk about right now, a majority 

 
Page 21 of 24 
of push and Aftermarket services right now is happening on three 
verticals. 
 
One is upgrades, which is upgrading on the same area, changing 
rotors to have better rotor dynamics and efficiency. So that there is a 
better value proposition. And a very quick payback, I mean matter of 
months payback to customers. Second is a high degree of 
automation, which enhances our service offering and gets new 
service streams on to the customer. And the third is a more integrated 
offering to take greater liability, which is through AMCs. Now, all these 
offerings depend on customer to customer and where the sales 
process cycle, it happens. A lot of this is dependent directly on our 
capabilities. So, it's very difficult for an extensive agent and sales 
network to do it. 
 
But we do leverage our agent and sales network as well. So there's a 
combination of everything, but it depends from order to order how it 
happens. 
 
Aditya: 
Yes, so can we repair the orders for which we have not supplied the 
turbines, so are we also receiving orders for those? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, that is a whole market segment called Refurbishment, which we 
call as third-party services. 
 
Aditya: 
And for company in the process of commercializing for super-critical 
SCO2 turbine, so this is just completely new market or is it an 
improvement of the existing turbines that we see in market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's fundamentally a different product, it is fundamentally a different 
market segment. There is a degree of cannibalization if you do look at 
it from a condensing model perspective for steam turbines. But this is 
something that that we believe, prototyping is over, piloting is 
currently underway for certain applications. And this is a medium-term 
project for the company where we will be able to show really world 
meeting technology and a very strong value proposition as well, so 
we are very excited about it, but it's not something that's going to give 
any revenue in the next couple of years. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 22 of 24 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yes, I just have one question on the Aftersales now. Our business is 
now almost ₹ 220 crore to ₹ 230 crore aftermarket and almost 27-
28% of revenues. Generally, in last four, five years the way we 
ramped up our sales force like in India and out of India, how have our 
market share would have grown broadly on a global scale, and four, 
five years down the line, what is our general target on positioning of 
Aftermarket as a percentage of sales or the global market share?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thanks Amit, it's very difficult to have market share data on 
aftermarket, because majority of sales go directly to OEMs and are 
not reported. So, we look at absolute growth of this business with the 
assumption that that very frankly, as far as the global market for 
because what is our market, we talk about rotating equipment as our 
market, is not only limited to steam turbines. We have a negligible 
market share, so therefore, there's only room to grow. And so for us, 
the benchmark is absolute growth here, rather than any market share 
growth that I think is not meaningful for us.  
 
But what is meaningful for us is the market share that we do have for 
our own steam turbines, Triveni branded steam turbines, that we are 
servicing. We aim to have that in excess of 95%, where we are 
servicing our own turbines that market share is very important to us to 
ensure that we have a long-term committed relationship with our 
customers. It doesn't happen always, but it's very important for us to 
maintain a very, very high level there. 
 
The growth in this business will be proportionate to an extent on the 
installed base that we have. And so, the increased offering that we 
can give our customers, a larger installed base than the larger the 
offering that we can have on the Aftermarket side and that will 
continue to grow very well. We cannot really price gouge just market 
because we want to have a long-term relationship with our 
customers. It's very important. Margins are high regardless, there's no 
reason for us to be excessively greedy, we have to ensure that the 
customers are happy with paying what they want to pay. 
 
So that's for the Steam Turbine side, as we expand this onto other 
ranges where Triveni Turbines are not directly the market segment 
that we're talking about, which is in the refurbishment side. Here, it 
would be a question of what is the value addition that we play at. We 
could have very low value addition services that we offer such as 
overhauling, or all the way up to life extension upgrades, which 
requires much more technology and much and possibly much more 
liability also, which also then affords much higher margins. 

 
Page 23 of 24 
 
We don't view this business from a market share perspective, we look 
at it from absolute growth, and we aim that that this market, that we 
have to grow this market considerably in the years to come. I think we 
have very good successes in the coming quarters. And I'll give you an 
indication as to how this business will grow. But we seem to be hitting 
a threshold in this business where this will independently grow from 
the product business itself. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Fair, fair. Thank you. But maybe one bookkeeping, so vis-à-vis in the 
current revenue, what is the share of revenue for Triveni’s refurbished 
Turbines as a percentage of sales in aftermarket vis-à-vis say four, 
five years ago?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, Amit, we don't give the breakup of aftermarket between 
refurbishment and sales. But in general, if the entire business is 
growing by upwards of 25%. The sales of our own turbine services 
have been on a lag. So the fact that we've had 20% plus product 
sales growth in the current, at the current year doesn't mean that the 
Triveni Turbines based aftermarket has grown by 20%. Our growth 
would be served like with a three-year lag, to that extent, that is an 
extent that Triveni base services have grown of which is the lag. But 
the refurbishment has grown far quicker, and we believe that that will 
continue to grow far quicker going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to the management for the 
closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we are very happy to 
end Q4 on a very positive note. We are extremely optimistic for the 
years to come. I think our indications of order booking and revenue in 
the coming quarters will give you an indication of the growth that we 
see not only for FY 23, but for FY 24. Triveni Turbine I think is placed 
at a cusp right now for growth, both from a technological as well as 
HR perspective. There will be some challenges that we will face along 
the way, but we think that as the management we are very well 
placed for the future. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Triveni 
Turbine Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 

 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
