May 23, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 . 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towe rs 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Subject: Financial Results Conference Call Transcript for 04 & FY22 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Conference Call Transcript of 
the Company for 04 & FY22. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
~ 
Rajat Kalra 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
Encl: As above 
Classification: Internal 
Regd. Office: Dr. Lal Pathlabs Lta .• Block E, Sector- I B, Roh1n1. New Delhi - l I 0085, 
+ 9 l- l l -30258600, Fax: +91 -1 1-2788-2 l 34 
Corporate Office: Dr Lal PathLabs Lta , 12th Floor. Tower B, SAS Tower. Medicity, Sector-38. Gurugram - 122001. Haryana 
.,.91-l 24-3016-500, Fax: ... 91 - 124-4234-468 
E-mail: lalpathlabs@lalpathlabs.com. Web: www.lalpathlabs.com. CIN No.: L74899DLI 995PLC0653B8 

 
Classification: Internal 
 
Page 1 of 20 
    
      
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited  
Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 17, 2022 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour 13 minutes 
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Executive Chairman 
• 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Bharath U - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO Suburban and other group companies 
• 
Mr. Rajat Kalra - Company Secretary and Head of Investor Relations 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Anuj Sehgal – Manas Asian Equities 
• 
Chirag Dagli – DSP Mutual Fund 
• 
Hussain Kagzi – Ambit Asset Management 
• 
Neha Manpuria – Bank of America 
• 
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital 
• 
Pooja Bhatia – Morgan Stanley 
• 
Praful Kumar – Dymon Asia 
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Anived Portfolio Managers 
• 
Praveen Sahay – Edelweiss Financial Services 
• 
Rakhi Prasad – Alder Capital 
• 
Saion Mukherjee – Nomura Holdings 
• 
Sayantan Maji – Credit Suisse 
• 
Sonal Gupta – L&T Mutual Fund 
• 
Sriram Rathi – BNP Paribas 
 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 2 of 20                     
                         
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q4 and FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Solanki. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q4 & FY22 
earnings conference call. Today we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Executive Chairman; Dr. 
Om Prakash Manchanda, Managing Director; Mr. Bharath, CEO; Mr. Ved Prakash 
Goel, Group CFO along with Mr. Shankha Banerjee, CEO of Suburban and other 
Group companies, and Mr. Rajat Kalra, Company Secretary and Head of Investor 
Relations. 
I would like to share our standard disclaimer here. Some of the statements made on 
today's conference call could be forward-looking in nature, and the actual results 
could vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed statement in this regard 
is available in the results presentation, which has been circulated earlier and also 
available on stock exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir.  
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Thank you, Mr. Solanki. Very good evening and a warm welcome to everyone 
present on the call. We are here to discuss Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q4 & FY22 earnings. I 
would like to take you all through the key developments and updates during the 
period under review. 
Before I begin, I would like to share that this is the first full quarter post the acquisition 
of Suburban Diagnostics, and the synergies of two brands have made a significant 
positive impact on our business performance in the Western market. We now aim to 
penetrate further and responsibly grow in this market to deliver high quality 
diagnostics with superior patient experience. 
In the initial few weeks, we reported some spurt in COVID testing due to Omicron 
variant, which was rather short lived. As the caseloads declined at a rapid pace, with 
many opting for home testing due to mild symptoms. On the flip side, non-COVID 
business gained healthy momentum with strong volume gains as we resumed back 
to pre-COVID trajectory. 
Last two years have been both challenging and exciting for us as we navigated 
through a contagious spread of COVID-19 across the country, while significantly 
enhancing our infrastructure systems and processes to tackle such pandemics. More 
importantly, it has created better awareness among the citizens towards maintaining 
a healthy lifestyle. Accordingly, diagnostics has been gaining a lot of traction since 
people have been keeping a check on their health and well-being. 
There continues to be a constant shift in the industry landscape as more and more 
market share is acquired by organized players. The quality and consistency of 
diagnostic services provided by organized players, which strictly adhere to safety 
protocols, is trusted by patients a lot more than of the unorganized players, especially 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 3 of 20                     
                         
in the current scenario. Being the largest Pan India player, Dr. Lal PathLabs is well 
positioned to benefit from this shift, and the acquisition of Suburban Diagnostics has 
further strengthened our play within the Western region. 
Since the onset of the pandemic, the competitive intensity in this space has been on 
the rise. However, organized players have been gaining more share due to the 
inherent advantages with respect to safety and hygiene. This in our opinion is a 
welcome change as the industry will benefit with the improving quality standards and 
capabilities of the players in the space. We foresee healthy competition between 
organized players that will further expand the market and elevate the customer 
experience. 
Overall, India remains a largely underserved market. The scope for growth for 
companies like ours is huge, and we want to leverage our position to maximize our 
share of the pie. At Dr. Lal PathLabs, we see ourselves as a progressive brand, and 
have been at the forefront of integrating technology into our business model. This 
helps us reduce costs, as well as provide a more seamless and cohesive experience 
to our patients. 
With the pace at which the world is moving, it is imperative for companies like ours 
to adapt to these changes to maintain the edge over competitors. While we are 
seeing an overall revival in the non-COVID testing in the country or in the industry, 
the threat of the next wave remains and we must remain vigilant and take all the 
necessary steps to keep the pandemic at bay. 
Thank you very much. I would now like to hand the floor to Dr. Om. Over to you, Dr. 
Om. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Thank you, Dr. Lal. Welcome everyone to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q4 & FY22 earnings 
call. I hope that you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. I'll talk to you about 
the current trends as well as strategic focus of Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
While we observed a short spike in COVID-related testing in January this year, 
subsequently, there has been a sharp decline in COVID and COVID-related tests 
since February onwards. We continue to observe similar trends in the current quarter 
as well. We have now completed eight quarters of pandemic impact on our business, 
that caused wild fluctuations on quarterly basis. We are now in a better position to 
analyze broad trends on yearly basis. 
The key trends that I observed are number one, there is a significant shift towards 
direct-to-home business. Home collections now contribute nearly 12% that used to 
be in the range of 5% to 6% during pre-COVID days. Second, there is a significant 
shift of patient flow from company-owned infrastructure to franchise infrastructure. 
Third, contribution from bundle packages continues to rise. Fourth, non-COVID 
business growth rates are now coming back to pre-COVID levels. 
There were two parts to the Suburban transaction, one which we had done at the 
time of signing and second was linked to FY22 performance. We have now 
completed the remaining part of the transaction as well, as FY22 comes to a close. 
The expansion work in Mumbai has started. We shall soon be launching our 
Reference Lab in Mumbai. 
Our business will continue to build on the following pillars of growth. One, widened 
geographical footprint, both through organic and inorganic means. Two, 
disproportionate focus on franchisee management as the contribution from 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 4 of 20                     
                         
franchisee network grows. Three, continuous improvement in consumer 
convenience with the help of digital technologies. Four, a widened test menu in the 
regional labs to meet the market requirements on turnaround time. Five, drive cost 
effectiveness programs to stay competitive on pricing. Six, continue to launch newer 
high-end tests. Seven, bring in sharp organizational focus on ESG. 
Our intention remains to expand accessibility to quality diagnostics. And towards that 
we continue to partner with even online aggregators and platforms to build our reach 
further. Today, Dr. Lal PathLabs is a well-known brand in India. It has become 
synonymous with quality, affordability, and convenience. On the back of this trust, 
we will continue to grow our business and market share as we expand into every 
nook and corner of India. The serviceable market has only increased since 2020, 
and we are determined to make a mark and stay as the biggest player in the 
diagnostic industry in times to come. 
With that, now I would like to invite our CEO, Bharath to continue this conversation. 
Over to you, Bharath. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Thank you, Om. I warmly welcome you all to this call today. I will take you through 
the business highlights including Suburban Diagnostics. In Q4 FY22, we served 6.7 
million patients, generating revenue of INR 486 crore, with a growth of 12.7%. For 
the completed FY22, we served 27.3 million patients with a revenue of INR 2,087 
crore and a growth rate of 32% over FY21. 
In Q4, COVID and Allied tests contributed to INR 66 crore, that is 14% of the overall 
revenue and INR 396 crore for the full financial year FY22, which is 19% of the overall 
revenue for the full year. In Q4 FY22, our non-COVID revenue of INR 419.7 crore 
registered a growth of 12.2% over Q4 last year. This growth in non-COVID revenue 
is led by patient volumes which registered a growth of 10.4%. In the full FY22, we 
clocked a non-COVID revenue of INR 1,691 crore, registering a growth of 34.5%. 
This growth is on account of patient volume growth of 31.3%. 
Q4 FY22 was affected by Omicron wave of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact 
on the non-COVID business in the month of January and February. However, given 
our consistent emphasis on the restoration of momentum in the non-COVID 
business, we were able to come back to normalcy in the month of March ‘22. 
We are pleased to share with you that our Hub lab expansion program continues to 
do well with a contribution of near 40% of the total processing volume of the 
company. Our growth plan in South is progressing well with the test menu expansion 
of Bangalore Reference Lab, opening up new satellite labs in South and high 
contribution from specialty of super-specialty test portfolio.  
We have made significant progress on enabling our partners to leverage digital tools 
and technologies to serve our patients. During the quarter, we rolled out a new portal 
for our 4,500 plus franchisee partner network. This will set the stage for further digital 
play in the times to come. We've also made investments towards capturing customer 
feedback at nearly all touch points we operate on. 
During the quarter, we have invested in strong market activation and partner 
engagement activities through physical and digital platforms. Our investments in 
digital, coupled with our geographical expansion, augurs well for the company and 
we believe that we will realize the benefits of these investments in times to come. As 
we look forward to FY23, we will continue to remain focused on driving growth 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 5 of 20                     
                         
through better patient and partner experience, leveraging digital technologies and 
improving our geographical reach and test portfolio. 
With that, I would like to invite Ved to take you all through the financial performance. 
Over to you, Ved.  
Ved P. Goel: 
Thank you, Bharath. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining this call today. 
Please note, that the results for Q4 and full year FY22 includes Suburban with effect 
from 12th November 2021, and are not strictly comparable with previous year. 
I'm now sharing some of the financial highlights for the Q4 and full-year FY22. 
Revenue for Q4 FY22 is INR 486 crore as compared to INR 431 crore in last year 
same quarter, a growth of 12.7%. Non-COVID revenue increased by 12.2% in Q4 
FY22. Revenue for full year FY22 is INR 2,087 crore as compared to INR 1,581 crore 
in the last year, a growth of 32%. Non-COVID revenue for full year increased by 
34.5%. 
Revenue from COVID and Allied tests in Q4 FY22 is INR 66 crore, which contributes 
to 14% of total revenue. Full year COVID and Allied tests revenue is INR 396 crore 
which contributes to 19% of total revenue. Revenue realization per patient for Q4 
FY22 is INR 728 as against INR732 for Q4 last year, and for full year revenue 
realization is INR 765 as against INR 781 for FY21. Non-COVID realization per 
patient for Q4 is INR 693 and for full year it is INR 685.  
Normalized EBITDA after eliminating the impact of RSU and CSR charge in Q4 FY22 
is INR 131 crore as compared to INR 129 crore reported in Q4 last year. And for full 
year, it is INR 600 crore as compared to INR 463 crore in FY21. Normalized EBITDA 
margin for Q4 FY22 is 26.9% and for full year is 28.8%. 
Normalized PBT after eliminating the impact of notional depreciation on 
consolidation of Suburban for Q4 FY22 is INR 94 crore and for FY22 is INR 494 
crore. Normalized PBT margin for Q4 FY22 is 19.4% and for full year is 23.7%. 
Normalized PAT after eliminating the impact of notional depreciation is INR 73 crore. 
Normalized PAT margin for Q4 is 15%. Normalized PAT for full year is INR 369 crore 
as against INR 297 crore last year, FY21. Normalized PAT margin for the full year 
FY22 is 17.7%. 
Net Cash and cash equivalent after adjustment of borrowings at the end of March 
31, 2022, is INR 344 crore. Lastly, we are pleased to share that the Board of 
Directors of the company have approved a final dividend of INR 6 per share. With 
this final dividend, the total dividend for the year FY22 is INR 12 per share. The final 
dividend is subject to approval of shareholders in AGM. 
This brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks, and I would now request 
the moderator to open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Prakash Kapadia with Anived 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my end. So, if I look at 
the organic non-COVID revenues for Dr. Lal, they are up 4% this quarter on a year-
on-year basis. So, if you could highlight why is this lower than what we've seen for 
the last few quarters? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: How did you get this 4%? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 6 of 20                     
                         
Prakash Kapadia: 
I derived that, I will just tell you. If I exclude the Suburban revenues of non-COVID 
and take the total non-COVID revenues year-on-year basis. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Right. That’s 30%. So last year, our non-COVID revenue for full year was INR 1,257 
crore. So, you're talking about Q4? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, Q4. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Oh, I was looking at full year. Yes. Okay, what's the question? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
This 4% year-on-year growth is lower than what we've seen over the last few 
quarters for Dr. Lal specifically. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think our response to this question is, which Bharath also mentioned in his 
opening comments is, the month of January non-COVID was fairly low, mainly 
because of Omicron wave. And I think it was a little bit of a self-imposed lockdown 
and restriction on movements, where we saw a sharp dip in our non-COVID revenue, 
which continued till first half of February. I think, second half of Feb onwards, we saw 
some improvement. 
So, I think we saw a fairly good improvement in the month of March, while we are 
not sharing month on month figures, but we are fairly confident that we exited on a 
good note as far as the quarter is concerned. But I agree with you that overall quarter 
was slightly muted on non-COVID, mainly because of Omicron in the month of 
January. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. What I was trying to understand, there's no change in competitive intensity or 
one-off or some noise level, which has affected this performance. This is what I was 
trying to understand. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I think there's so much noise around the competitive intensity, I think there's no 
doubt about that. The intensity is definitely there. But my sense is also this intensity 
has gone up primarily because of these two years of very high operating leverage 
both small and large players have seen in their P&L. Some of the regional players’ 
contribution of COVID has been as high as 50%, -- they continue to think that this 
will stay on, but definitely COVID is down now. And let's see how it pans out going 
forward. Competitive intensity I would say is much more visible. It has always been 
there in this industry. It's not that we always used to face some unorganized players. 
Now, there are a few more organized players. So, I won't discount that, but I would 
say that it is primarily more because of Omicron rather than anything else. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. And post the Omicron wave any behavioral change from the consumer 
side in terms of preventive test or frequency because COVID obviously India seems 
to be doing fairly well and that seems to be under control. Why I'm trying to 
understand this is, as we step forward in Q1 FY23, I think last year you had a very 
big phase of RT-PCR, D-Dimer, IL-6, and because of that variants, non-COVID 
revenues have to grow at a rapid pace for us to ensure we grow in the coming 
quarter. So, what's the game plan to grow our non-COVID revenue because that 
seems to be more structural for our -- that seems to be an area, which we keep 
focusing on.  
And also, Dr. Om, if you could highlight, within that approach to grow non-COVID, 
how should we look at it in the medium-term? Will it be Dr. Lal’s organic business? 
Will we acquire inorganic assets, or the omni-channel approach, which we've been 
working in Tier-2, Tier-3 cities? So, if you could give some color on medium term? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 7 of 20                     
                         
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes. Thanks. So, I think we have few approaches to deal with as we go forward. 
Number one is, we believe that Tier-2, Tier-3 towns will grow faster and we are very 
well placed in these markets, like Northern India and Eastern India. And towards 
that, we are building Hub labs in many of these places like Varanasi, Meerut, or 
Lucknow, which will help us to offer competitive sort of value proposition in terms of 
turnaround time for even higher end tests in these markets. So that's one approach 
we have, which means in our strong markets, we go deeper, and increase our 
presence in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns. So especially, UP is very large market and we 
believe that's a strength for us.  
The second is, South and West region, which I have been repeatedly saying, it's 
important for us to actually be present in these markets. With Suburban coming in, 
now we have presence in West region and I think Maharashtra is looking much 
stronger. So hopefully, as you asked the question medium-term, I do believe in two 
to three years’ timeframe, we should really be well placed in West region. I think the 
only area which probably we need to answer is South. Right now, our efforts are 
more driven organically. But as we go along, if there is some inorganic assets that 
come our way, we'll definitely look at that. 
I think the third area is which you mentioned about digital approach. There is a 
consumer behavior shift towards home collections, and they want to book online, 
they want to reduce the length of stay when they come to any healthcare institution, 
not only for diagnosis, but even in hospital space, as well. So, I think the overall 
behavior of consumer has been using both physical as well as digital channel and 
we will continue to invest in that area. 
And I think one question, which is often being asked to me is that there are lot of e-
pharmacy players coming in, would you partner with them? I think answer is clear, 
yes. We will definitely look at some kind of partnership with them because we don't 
plan to go into e-pharmacy ourselves. And they want to actually offer the full sort of 
a stack model. And we will look at how do we increase our reach by partnering with 
them as we go along. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, from my side, anything on Suburban in terms of the milestone payout. 
When do we get a sense of what has been achieved? There were certain milestone-
based payments are pending there not spending anything on Suburban if you can 
share? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think, , that piece is already closed now. It was linked to FY22 performance. And 
we are not paying anything over and above what we had paid in the first tranche, 
primarily because there were certain numbers which were not achieved. And I must 
say that Suburban as a company had a very high contribution of COVID. And with 
the sudden fall of COVID, this is also adversely impacted, which impacted the second 
part of the payout as well. So that piece is now closed. So, there's nothing due from 
our side to Suburban right now. 
So now we are fully active in this company and we have also pointed Shankha as 
our CEO for Suburban, as well as he'll also look after our other group companies. 
So we are providing a very sharp focus to drive Suburban. Let's see how it goes. 
Yes, we are up against very high COVID base which of course will see a decline in 
this year. But we are very hopeful that non-COVID will grow better in this market, in 
this company and we are looking at Suburban not as a quarterly basis or a yearly 
basis but more on a long-term basis. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 8 of 20                     
                         
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, can you comment on the profitability of 
the COVID business versus the rest of the business for the full year of FY22? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Actually, it's very difficult to segregate COVID profitability. All I can say that COVID 
business gave a huge sort of operating leverage because COVID as a test is much 
more centralized tests than any other routine tests. Most of other tests like lipid 
profiles, or thyroid, etc., they are all done routine, they are done in a distributed 
format in 200 labs. But RT-PCR is one test with the early part of this COVID wave 
was actually done in maybe few labs, maybe four or five. Later, we expanded to 
about 16, 17. But fact of the matter is that whatever gross margins you actually make 
on COVID was flowing into EBITDA. 
And secondly, you saw the dynamic pricing, virtually every month the prices were 
coming down. So, it's very difficult for us to actually put out a number. But clearly 
INR 396 crore of COVID business that we have in FY22, definitely has contributed 
to the bottom line, which is very, very difficult for us to put a finger on saying how 
much it is, but as this slides down, yes, it will have impact on the overall number as 
well in FY23 and we must keep that in mind. 
Chirag Dagli: 
It is not dramatically higher than the rest of the business, sir. That is the clear 
understanding? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I would definitely say in the second half of the year, definitely yes, because the prices 
virtually fell down to, I think now the average realization on this test is even lower 
than the overall portfolio realization. So, I think to my mind, we are exiting on a lower 
margin on COVID business than what we have as a company. Maybe in the early 
part of the year, margins may have been slightly higher. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. Okay sir, that is helpful. And the second question I had sir, you talked 
about higher proportion of volume incrementally coming from the franchisee channel, 
what does it mean for our profitability? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I think two things, what it means is that firstly, the way we run our business, 
because if you trace the history, go back 15-20 years back, a lot of walk-in business 
used to happen in our own infra. So as a company we were more used to providing 
the service ourselves. But now we have to provide the same experience through a 
franchisee. Of course, we have a huge experience in managing franchisee network. 
It somehow augurs well, because we are able to provide accessibility to the brand, 
which earlier through 200 labs was not possible, but now through 5,000 collection 
centers, it is doable, it's possible. It is reaching to the hinterland of India. 
So, I think that's one advantage. Second is, because the revenue share involved, 
and so we need to -- I think a lot of the revenue booking would happen at different 
sort of -- may not happen at gross level, depending on how we account it. That's 
another change which is going to happen. Third, I think cost structure has become 
more variable in nature than fixed because our own infra is more fixed. So, our 
overheads easily in fact it’s visible also in our numbers where rental cost is sharply 
going down, primarily because now we have franchisee infra. So overall, there's a 
shift of costs that we were seeing earlier, now to franchisee, which is much more 
variable in nature. 
Chirag Dagli: 
But this doesn't necessarily mean substantially lower profits from this channel. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 9 of 20                     
                         
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Not really, not really because sometimes our own infrastructure is more expensive 
than franchisee infra. Because we end up taking space at high street locations and 
where rentals are very, very high and franchisee network is much more 
neighborhood in nature. The rental cost for them is not very high. So, when you shift 
there, sometimes they actually have much higher profitability than the same 
customer being served in our own setup. So, I really don't see that issue. Right 
Bharath? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Yes. Of course. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Sriram Rathi from BNP Paribas. Please go 
ahead. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, this Suburban was around INR 30 crore 
revenue this quarter, I think pre-COVID, it used to do around INR 40 crore plus. So, 
how should we look at this run rate going forward for FY23 and onwards? Should we 
be back to let's say INR 160 crore to INR 170 crore annual revenue or INR 30 crore 
is more of the new way? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So your voice is not that clear, but I think I got a sense of it, what you're asking. 
You're basically saying that non-COVID business of whatever that number INR 160 
crore, INR 170 crore, should we look at the same number as going forward? Is that 
what you're asking? 
Sriram Rathi: 
Yes, sir. Right.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Right, right. I think I will ask Ved to answer this question. 
Ved P. Goel: 
Yes. So, Sriram, first I want to mention here that because of transition from IGAP to 
Ind AS, being part of our parent company. Now, we are changing the recording of 
revenue from gross to net, which essentially it will not be strictly comparable with 
INR 171 crore, INR 180 crore, whatever figure we used to have pre-COVID. So, that 
is where one change you will find going forward. But having said that, like to like, if 
we see those trends, I think we are trending much higher than what we used to do 
in the past. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Okay. Okay. So, this INR 30 crore non-COVID revenue for Q4 that would have been 
impacted to some extent by Omicron as well.  
Ved P. Goel: 
INR 30 crore plus the net revenue because this is not gross. There is a 20%, 25% 
kind of gross up you can do it. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Okay, got it. Sure, sir. And, secondly, I mean, generally in the past, we used to guide 
for, let's say 14%, 15% kind of base business growth. Going forward, assuming that 
COVID waves are behind us, should we be back to 14%, 15% gross from FY23 I 
mean specifically for Dr. Lal’s organic business? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think it's a great question. We are also searching for this answer. I just did a quick 
back of the envelope calculation. We did about INR 1,330 crore in FY20, when there 
was no COVID. I think the last week of March was impacted due to COVID. This 
year, we have done INR 1,691 non-COVID, right? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 10 of 20                     
                       
Ved P. Goel: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, if I just look at some math, it just tells me that 12.5% CAGR. Now, yes, there is 
an advantage in the base in FY20, but there's also a disadvantage in the current year 
because I know that Omicron has impacted and even Q1 of this financial year, which 
is April, May last year same time, we had wave two that also depressed non-COVID 
business. So, I think if I factor all that, so I clearly feel that we are in that mid-teens 
range going forward. But that's the way you and I can do the same math. So, I think 
it should be in place. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Okay, got it. That’s helpful, sir. And sir, related question, I mean generally like Q3 is 
seasonally the weakest quarter for Dr. Lal and this time Q4 looks like to be the 
weakest, maybe because of Omicron. But at the same time margins have also been 
lowest in Q4, I mean even versus Q3 it is lower. Is it just Omicron or there is 
something more to it? 
Ved P. Goel: 
So, Sriram, there are two things. One, obviously, the impact of Suburban as we 
know, Suburban is always lower margin. So, largely the impact, which is, if you are 
looking at those margins for Q4 is diluted due to Suburban consolidation. And 
second, obviously, the impact of Omicron on non-COVID business. So, both put 
together, there is a margin impact. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Okay. Okay, got it. And one last question, considering this, the competition intensity, 
which is increasing and that too with a price curve. I mean, there may not be any 
immediate impact, but how do you see this thing happening on a longer-term 
perspective and at the same time. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I know, I think since yesterday, there's been a lot of coverage around this whole 
pricing of some of the new age players versus old players. See, my way of looking 
at it is like this. Some of this price competition is much more visible these days, what 
it used to be earlier because we were up against a lot of local competition, 
unorganized players. So that's one point I want to make. Now, I think price 
competition is against some of these large players. 
Second is, a lot of noises around a lot of promotion that happens when you launch 
a lab in a city. Now these price points are not at national level. Even when we also 
launch in some small towns, etc., we run a lot of promotions. Technically, in a 
business like this, you just don't create awareness, you also push for a call for action. 
Just saying that Dr. Lal has come with this lab, it really doesn't mean anything 
because it's not a want, right? Nobody wants to go for a test just because it's 
cheaper. It's only when the person needs it, right. So, all of us end up using some of 
these price promotions to drive for call for action, because it leads to some kind of 
health checkup. 
So, I think these are all isolated cases in some one or two cities, but they are not at 
national level. But having said that, let's keep that aside for a minute. But I just want 
to highlight in terms of consumer behavior. And I have worked for consumer 
products. Now I have been in healthcare for so many years, I think healthcare is a 
bit more complex than any other brand building. 
General perception is that lowest priced guy will be a dominant player, but I haven't 
seen that happening in this space. We end up making this choice, mainly because 
we trust the brand, it's a very, very high credence value. And nobody wants to take 
chances with health, and diagnostics is just about 5% of total healthcare costs. And 
I just got some numbers from my team. Average frequency of purchase in our 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 11 of 20                     
                       
business is less than one visit a year. And hardly about 30% people actually come 
more than once in a year. I personally believe that nobody would take chances to go 
to a place which they don't trust. And I think lower price point at times can also harm 
the brand to position as not a great quality brands.  
So I think, this does not mean that you are the lowest doesn't mean that you will have 
a high market share. We have tried that in the past in many cities, but we have not 
been successful. So, I think the point is to be affordable, point is to be not to get out 
priced. So, my response to manage this business would be that we need to be very, 
very efficient, cost effective. Yes, there may be a pressure on the business if some 
players actually use cash burn model and continue to hammer us. But I'm not sure 
whether that's a sustainable idea over a long-term. That's the way I would respond 
to this new-age competition.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Thank you for taking my question. The first question is on realization. So, if I look at 
the non-COVID realization, it seems like it's down low single-digit on a year-on-year 
basis. I just wanted to understand, is the trend similar if I were to look at it, Dr. Lal 
ex-Suburban and including Suburban? 
Ved P. Goel: 
Yes.. So, if you see like-to-like revenue per patient is almost flat. There is slight 
impact due to Suburban because those are high contribution from COVID-related 
test. But if you see, non-COVID realization is almost same. And this is same, which 
we used to have pre-COVID. If you remember, INR 685, INR 686 is the revenue, 
which we always have. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, understood. And second is, I know you're not talking about month-on-month 
trend, but if I were to look at the growth rate in March, would that growth rate number 
be double digit? And is the revenue that we see in March a sustainable number? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: You mean to say about growth rates? 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, I'm asking if the growth rate was double-digit, and if I were to look at the absolute 
revenue, is that number sustainable what we saw in March, when there was no 
Omicron impact? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes. So, there's a word of caution here. I think the March sales should not be seen 
as only March sales. It should also be seen as a backlog of Feb as well, or Jan as 
well, right? So, I rather hesitate to look at weekly or monthly numbers in this 
business. I would rather look at more a quarterly number. There are all pointers that 
definitely March figures are healthier than Jan, Feb, but they may not be completely 
indicative for what we're going to do in FY23. Since you are asking is this double-
digit, the answer is yes, it's in double-digit. It's definitely not 4% that we are talking 
about for the quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pooja Bhatia from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Dr. Om in your opening 
remarks, you mentioned that you would be focusing on becoming more cost 
effective. So, what are the measures undertaken and what's the plan going forward? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 12 of 20                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Right. So, I think there is an evolving construct on the supply side of this business. If 
you look at in the past, we used to have one big central lab and lot of peripheral or 
we call them satellite labs. But that also consumed a lot of overheads, right. So 
having more and more satellite lab is not a cost friendly idea. So, we are now looking 
at Hub labs as a concept where we probably go for fewer labs but build wider test 
menu in the region and invest behind logistics to provide a turnaround time. I think, 
fundamentally, that is the one big change we are seeing in our cost structure.  
Second is, something which is naturally happening to us is collection is moving more 
towards franchisee, which provides a variable cost structure than fixed cost structure 
when we do our own collection. So, I think these are two big sort of trigger items in 
terms of making it more efficient than being mushy. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Okay. Over the next say, two, three years if we take a mid-term outlook, where do 
you think margins could settle given that there are a lot of changes taking place in 
the business model with higher franchisees, so that will bring about a lot of variable 
costs, like you mentioned? And test mix changing towards more semi-specialized, 
specialized, more wellness, more of home testing. So, is there a scope for margins 
to improve from these levels, given that we are already at elevated margins? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, no, I don't think there's any scope to improve margins. I would say that margins 
actually would probably mimic what we used to have pre-COVID times. As I see the 
last two years, we've had sort of higher margins, mainly because of operating 
leverage flowing through higher throughput of COVID sales. As I sit now, FY23 and 
I look into the P&L, I see there's a big tailwind on reagent costs because COVID 
reagent cost is higher than the overall portfolio costs. So, I do believe that couple of 
percentage benefit, we should get on lower reagent costs as we go out of FY22 into 
FY23.  
There are headwinds, also. We will lose operating leverage that we had. Second is, 
as a portfolio, as one P&L, because Suburban has a lower margin profile, I think that 
also should impact our margins. And I think on balance, I would say that our margins 
would be more in line with what we used to do pre-COVID days rather than any 
improvement from here. Right? 
Ved P. Goel: 
Yes. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Currently Suburban caters to a few micro-markets in Mumbai. So that leaves a lot of 
scope for you to densify your presence. Is there any calibrated plan to enter new 
markets in rest of Maharashtra? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, Suburban has three focus markets right now, Mumbai, Pune, and Goa. I think 
the first is to really build our presence in Mumbai and Pune, within Maharashtra and 
I think that's a short-term focus for next six to nine months. I think as we exit out of 
this year, then we'll see what we can do in rest of Maharashtra. But I would say in 
FY23, laser sharp focus on these two cities, Mumbai, and Pune. I mentioned about 
Reference Lab, that earlier plan was LPL same lab now we’ll cater to Suburban as 
well. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Okay. And have you made any changes to the processes in Suburban? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think it is bit early right now. I think disproportionate focus is on the demand side, 
on building franchisee network. That's where the real focus is. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 13 of 20                     
                       
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praful Kumar from Dymon Asia. 
Please go ahead.  
Praful Kumar: 
Hi. Good evening. Just a couple of questions, first in terms of say one year, three 
years, five-year goals in terms of integration, Dr. Om and team, what are you looking 
at from Suburban in terms of say scale? How do you change and update the margins 
that the business report today to higher level, maybe a medium-term path towards 
higher profitability? Is it throughput, is it more of your home pickup? In terms of model 
and your medium-term goals, can you elaborate on the profitability part and scaling 
up? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think at the front end, we want to retain both the brands, Dr. Lal PathLabs and 
Suburban. At the back end, initially, we had thought that we will try and see that 
supply side also remains different, the kind of cost pressure and margin pressure, 
we probably would look at synergies much faster than what we would have done. 
We are looking at how do we leverage Dr. Lal PathLabs network, as well as 
Suburban together in Mumbai and state of Maharashtra. And I find that if we combine 
both the infra, we probably are well placed to really grow the market. I think 
immediately that will be our priority on Suburban.  
And overall, if I have to really put my thumb on something, which essentially would 
be Suburban, we need to drive growth. It’s an under sort of a leverage brand. It's a 
very strong consumer facing brand in the city of Mumbai. If we can crack this model 
of driving growth much faster than what this company has been doing in the past, I 
think we’ll be home in about three years’ time. 
Praful Kumar: 
So yes. That’s why I wanted to understand sir. Let's take a three-year, five-year 
outlook because when you did the call for the merger, when you did call out this 
acquisition, you clearly said that we have done this keeping in mind a medium-term 
view, in the very medium term, obviously, it’s target of one year and three-year goal 
as well. So what are the key metrics for tracking for what we did last year for the 
success? Is it more? Is it -- how do you increase the throughput, because what are 
you changing at the margin 
Moderator: 
Praful, I will request you to repeat the second question for the management once 
again. 
Praful Kumar: 
Yes. Hi. I'll repeat my question. I wanted to understand more because, initially when 
you did this acquisition, and now you have a lot of data, you have a lot more grip on 
the way the system and processes run. So, going with your thesis of a medium-term 
turnaround and scaling up, can give us granularity more on how just the throughput 
goes up, it's getting more competitive, you're talking about pricing pressures in an 
inflationary environment. And I want to understand more from you, as investor, that 
how do you then scale up the franchise? How does it happen? So, in terms of one-
year, three-year, five-year goals say throughput per outlet, how is it shaping up now? 
What are you doing to increase it? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Right, right. So, I think let me just give you a broad sort of a picture for this company 
Suburban. This company actually was operating, if I remember about 10% EBITDA 
margin, right, pre-COVID, but had a very strong sort of a consumer franchise, very 
strong brand in the city of Mumbai and some other parts of Maharashtra. Then comes 
COVID, this company business becomes 2x, because 50% of the contribution was 
coming from COVID. Now this company then experienced very high sort of EBITDA 
margin, I think it went up to nearly 20 odd percent. So, the first lesson that we learn 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 14 of 20                     
                       
is, if we are able to double the turnover of this company from city of Mumbai itself, 
this business has a potential to improve EBITDA margins. 
To our surprise, I think we never expected COVID to fall so sharply, which is welcome 
thing from one perspective. That actually has pushed us back to the same EBITDA 
trajectory what it used to have before, because suddenly you lost, or we are staring 
at a loss of nearly half of turnover, because that used to come from COVID. I think 
the immediate now priority would be to drive non-COVID growth. Clearly, it has 
demonstrated that if I can take the turnover 2x, I should go back to 20% EBITDA 
margin. I think the first message to my team is that make sure that we grow COVID, 
at least the next two to three years, we go back to what our numbers were with 
COVID. 
Praful Kumar:  
Non-COVID.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Non-COVID. We grow non-COVID, we go back to what our numbers were with both 
together. Second is, bring efficiency and leverage our network of LPL as well. I don't 
have exact numbers of collection centers in state of Maharashtra and the labs, but 
my sense is that if we combine the two, our network would be amongst the top two 
or three players. So, we are clearly well placed on investment at the back end. All 
we have to do now is turbo charge the front end and see how we grow the non-
COVID business as we go forward. I think that's the way I would look at it.  
And then probably segment the market because there are consumers at various 
price segments. There are customers who are looking for great quality service, home 
collection, willing to pay higher price, then there is the mass market segment, which 
probably the Dr. Lal PathLabs is used to. Let's see how we actually able to drive 
growth in these places.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hussain from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Hussain Kagzi: 
Hi, good evening. So, sir, my question was with regards to the competitive intensity, 
which you yourself mentioned is backed to most extent by the immense cash burn 
what these companies seem to be doing. Now here, suppose, I believe that this will 
not wane off in a quarter or two, and probably it will be there in the near-term. So, if 
it starts impacting our volume, would we be comfortable in taking some price cuts to 
save volume? Or would we look to maintain our margins, like if it's in the tune of 2% 
to 5% impact? So, I just wanted to understand our positioning over there, should the 
intensity increase in terms of competitive pricing? Thank you. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think I'll probably watch as we go along. But my take on some of these things 
that are happening is, India is highly underserved, under penetrated market. And 
some of this competitive intensity actually might be a good news also, because they 
will expand the market. And the market would expand at the upper end of the funnel, 
where lots of the screening and health checkups etc. would happen, where the 
downside, the perception from a patient is not that high, and they may actually fall 
for a lower price test. And if the numbers increase at that end of the funnel, so I 
presume some percentage would fall into medical driven brand, which is where we 
are, and hopefully it should actually benefit us, this intensity that you're talking about. 
And I look back examples of insurance companies and the private insurance came 
and the biggest brand, which is trusted brand benefited out of that. So, I do believe 
that we are synonymous with pathology, people trust our name. And hopefully as the 
market grows, we also should benefit. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 15 of 20                     
                       
Now coming back to would we chase them on pricing, I think time will tell, but my 
current sense is I don't want to chase building the brand on pricing. But I definitely 
don't want to --we want to run our company efficiently so that our cost structure is 
efficient. And at some point in time, eventually they also have to do the same thing, 
what we do. Like they have to test, they have to collect, they have to transport 
samples to provide the same turnaround time. So, just we need to make sure that 
we are efficiently run company rather than get into a cash burn model. I probably 
won't do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is related to the franchisee 
management, what you're talking about. So, what kind of revenue contribution you 
are expecting the way forward from the franchisees? And is there any challenge 
related to the quality also you are foreseeing? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Yes, it's a great question. We declare our franchisee contribution in the annual report 
which we will do for a significant portion of the business today. The exact numbers 
will come in the annual reports. The second thing I would like to say is that on the 
quality part, we have come a very, very long way now across all parameters. Since 
we have built a digitally linked up system, our quality on the franchisee network is as 
good as what we would do in our own infrastructure today. Yes, obviously, there is 
scope for improvement and there are various things we're doing to fix this gap. But 
I'm very happy to say that our franchisees have come a long, long way. And with the 
use of digital technologies, we have been able to scale up this whole operation 
seamlessly without any difference to the patients. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Helpful. Second question is related to, as you had also mentioned that bundle 
business has also increased. So, where you want to see this business to contribute 
in the coming year? How much contribution? 
Bharath Uppiliappan:  So, there's no specific target we have to say we have to reach X percentage of 
revenue and so on. The idea of this bundle test is fundamentally to offer value for 
money for the patients on one side, and that value comes from efficient operations 
of the bundling which we do. So, it's our endeavor to provide the best possible 
service, we cannot dictate, you have to take this package and we are not an 
aggressive tele-sales company. So, there is no specific target. But given the 
popularity of what we have seen of bundle test over the last three, four years, and 
the market trends, in general, we think that it will continue to grow as a significant 
contribution to our business. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, it's similar, like what the current quarter we are seeing, first it is 18%. So, is it like 
that? 
Bharath Uppiliappan:  Yes, so it'll continue in this direction. It used to be 16%, 17% some time back, 15% 
couple of years back. So, it's been inching steadily and our business has also been 
growing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Rakhi Prasad from Alder Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rakhi Prasad:  
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to understand the INR 
345 odd crore of borrowing that we have taken on our books and what is the 
repayment plan going forward since we have sitting cash on books? That is my first 
question. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 16 of 20                     
                       
Ved P. Goel: 
So, Rakhi, yes, we have taken about INR 250 crore term loan and rest is OD against 
FDs. Anyway, we have net-net INR 344 crore of cash balance as on 31st March. So, 
obviously, we are now getting these borrowings much cheaper than what we have 
in FDs. So our plan maybe going forward, it should be over by maybe next one year.  
Rakhi Prasad: 
Okay. And also, on the stock option charge to P&L, we saw this bump up happening 
this year about INR 30.5 crore versus INR 20 crore of last year. Can you give us 
some idea of how this would look going forward or how do we think of this charge to 
P&L going forward? Would it be at this level or would it be at a different level? 
Ved P. Goel: 
So Rakhi, this charge is a little higher because of two things. One is, of course, the 
last grant was done or at a higher price, because that time price was higher. And 
second, charge was coming -- or came in this year for multiple grants. Going forward, 
I think the charge will be in the range of what we have earlier, like between INR 20 
crore, INR 25 crore kind of charge. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I think it got peaked mainly because of two reasons. One, the price was very 
high that time.  
Ved P. Goel: 
Yes.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: And I think multiple gants just got clubbed. This is probably the peak. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Anuj Sehgal from Manas Asian Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
Hi. Good evening, Om. I just have one simple question, Om. So when I look at FY20, 
and now FY22, your number of patients has grown by almost 41%, from 19.4 million 
to 27.3 million. That's an increase of 8 million patients. Have you done any analysis 
to see how many of these 8 million patients came to you for COVID testing? And 
that's, almost sort of getting customers for zero customer acquisition cost. And how 
can you sort of data mine and serve these incremental customers that you've got 
because of COVID and sell them more value-added tests and other offerings that 
you guys have? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I think you're right. I don't have that sheet in front of me. But large number of 
these patients also came because of COVID testing. And COVID has two parts. One 
is RT-PCR and then Allied tests. So Allied tests, a little bit overlapping between non-
COVID and COVID Allied. We’re just trying to pick that out. I think the other thing is 
I take your suggestion that what we can do with this customer base to upsell 
something. I probably may not have immediate answers to give you, but I think it's a 
great point. And we should consider this and maybe come back to you, what we will 
do. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Yes,. Maybe this figure is helpful to you. We have done more than 3.2 million RT-
PCR tests, but that is from the beginning. So, you can imagine the numbers have 
really gone up. And, of course, now we welcome the transit way of the COVID testing, 
so that life comes back to normal. And don't forget, there is a very, very major 
segment which was not tested during COVID days. And that was the NCDs, the non-
communicable diseases or the chronic disease segment, or the lifestyle disease 
segment. So, they are slowly coming back. And don't forget that those are very, very 
serious patients. Patients, who have renal failure, who had kidney transplants, who 
had heart disease, who had been sent in, and so many liver, etc., etc. So those 
patients were not looked after. And I think we are seeing this trend now that our NCD 
businesses almost or probably back to normal now. Thank you. 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 17 of 20                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I just got this data. 3.35 million patients are on account of RT-PCR testing.  
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Correct. That's from the beginning. It can't be year wise, but from the beginning. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: For the year. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
For the full year? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: For one year. 
Dr Arvind Lal: 
Sorry, I stand corrected.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: For one year.  
Anuj Sehgal: 
So, this is not over the two FY21 and FY22. This is just for FY22? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: This is just for FY22. Yes. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
Right. Okay. Now, the reason I was highlighting this or trying to understand is, even 
if I assume that… 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Anuj, sorry, I will correct because this also would have some numbers from Suburban 
coming in, as well. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
Right, right. No, but needless to say Om, the point is that let's say even if we double 
this number, you have 5 million coming through, or maybe even almost 6 million new 
customers that have come to your channel, or to Dr. Lal, which would have not 
otherwise come through had COVID not at all happened. Maybe there could be some 
overlap. But nevertheless, you have 6 million additional customers who you can now, 
because they're in your database, and you can now target them over and above the 
regular normal growth that you would have had. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes. Yes. No, I think point well taken. Yes, definitely one can do some marketing 
activity around this. However, they all may not be new customers, because most of 
these gains are from the city of Delhi and that's where our market share is high. But 
I still take your point. I think there is something to be done here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Sonal Gupta from L&T Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Yes. Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to get a 
sense, I mean, on a pro forma basis, I mean, maybe using non-COVID revenues as 
a benchmark, how much would the contribution to your revenues be of the top 10 
cities? And in top 10 cities what would be the share of home collection? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Sorry, this data may not be readily available, but we will note this question down and 
come back to you if you can share your number with us. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Sure, sir. And just the other thing was in terms of like previously you have mentioned 
that the economics is similar for home collection versus having a franchisee outlet. 
So just trying to understand is there any change there or I mean, it's kind of similar 
even now? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 18 of 20                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It’s similar only because phlebotomist salary costs versus real estate, I think this just 
offset each other. So it should be similar.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee. 
Yes. Thanks. Good evening. Actually, I just wanted to check, overall, if you can share 
what's the revenue contribution from wellness or Swasthfit, online and home 
collection overall, if you have the number for 4Q and FY22? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Yes. So, our revenue from Swasthfit is close to about 18%. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Online and offline. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: And the second question you had was on home collection was about 12%, like Om 
mentioned in his opening speech. And on online versus offline, I don't have the 
numbers readily available. We can come back to you on that. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And these numbers you're saying including Suburban for the fourth quarter? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: This is excluding Suburban. Yes. The home collection and the Swasthfit numbers 
are including Suburban. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, 18% in the total, but if you exclude Suburban from the base, your number would 
actually be lower. 18% LPL. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And this is for the fourth quarter, sir? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Yes, it is. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
You mentioned I think sometime back, you are sort of tying up with pharmacies for 
patients. I mean, can you share how many pharmacies you have tied up with, any 
color? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, no. Maybe I got misunderstood. I don't think we're tying with pharmacies, but the 
question which I'm often being asked is that are there a lot of these new age players 
who are doing tele-consultation, who are doing e-pharmacy, would you be partnering 
with them? My answer has been, yes. But right now, there's nothing to talk about. 
But we would be open to such partnership if these partnerships are available. That's 
the answer that I gave. But right now, we are not doing anything with any pharmacy 
chains.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Sayantan Maji from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. So, I have two. So first one is on Swasthfit. So, 
I assume that Swasthfit includes preventive wellness health packages and bundling 
of sickness packages, sickness tests as well. So can you kind of split off how much 
of it is pure health packages, wellness packages, and how much of it is the bundling 
of the sickness tests? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It's very difficult to actually figure that out. But I would directionally say the large part 
of it is bundle sickness area only. But health checkups would not be that, at least 
definitely lower than 50%. My sense would be 70% would be upgradation of our 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 19 of 20                     
                       
sickness packages only. So, that's why we normally don't call these as a health 
checkups, we actually call them bundled packages. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Okay, that's helpful. And second question is on the regional reference laboratory in 
Mumbai. So that was earlier I think supposed to come by end of FY22. So now, when 
do we expect it to be running and can you give any new rough idea about the capacity 
of this laboratory? Is it going to be as large as the one in Kolkata or smaller than 
that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes. So, I think we took a little bit of time because we wanted to do a paperwork on 
Suburban, because we decided to have only one lab rather than having two labs, 
one in LPL and one in Suburban. And since Suburban is going to be lead brand, we 
thought we should have it under that., Shankha, can I say about a couple of months? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think couple of months from now. We are waiting only for certain licenses to come 
in. We should actually be up and running in two months from now, is a sense that 
we have 
Sayantan Maji: 
Okay. And what about the capacity? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
It is like Bangalore lab. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It's like our Bangalore. It is like a Bangalore -- but he won’t know about Bangalore. 
So, it's -- I would say if our Delhi is 100, then this would be about 60. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Capacity is modular because he's thinking about tests. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think you probably would be looking at capacity to do number of tests, right? 
Sayantan Maji: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: We don't look at that way, we look at test menu. If I do 100 tests in my Delhi lab, 
what is the test menu in Mumbai? So, I think that is the way we look at it. Because 
adding capacity is not a big challenge in this space. It's more about widening the test 
menu, like the moment you add one extra department, your test menu just goes up 
sharply. So, I think we would look at test menu around 70 to 75 compared to what 
we do in our Delhi lab. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Sorry, just to persist on the question around the 
competition which have been asked earlier, just one quick one on that. When you're 
talking about competition and you refer it to the competition that you've seen in the 
past there has been a lot of unorganized, a lot of relatively unknown names, which 
have been sort of coming into the market, I mean, if assuming some of the better-
known national brands like the Tatas and Reliance’s of the world start competing 
aggressively in this market, and probably looking to use diagnostics as a bleed to 
probably build a consumer business around it. I mean, does that change your 
perception of how competition can impact this overall dynamics for this business? 

 
Classification: Internal 
                                                                      Page 20 of 20                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, it will. Obviously, if the big names come in, that will definitely impact the overall 
business. There is no doubt about that. So, I think let's accept the fact that this 
competition will definitely lift the house. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
So, Nitin let me tell you that these different price points is something which we have 
been seeing for a very long time and super added to the fact that there has been 
commoditization of this business and please remember the Indian railways model, 
that you're going from point A to point B, there is unreserved second class, a 
reserved second class, there is AC chair car, there is non-AC and two-tier, three tier, 
they are paying different kinds of prices for different kinds of services, but they are 
going from point A to point B. 
So, India is such a huge country which can have, I think from my point of view, a few 
more price points. So, that the market will decide, what kind of service they want for 
what money they pay. But one thing is sure that you will you will not be able to buy 
a Toyota Corolla for the price of an Alto 800. That’s for sure. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think what Dr. Lal is saying that market is so large. There are various price 
segments which exist. So far attempt has not been made, but to my mind, one will 
have to do a targeted sort of a segmentation in this space and find-- 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Point all taken. And secondly, just an observation on the financials, we've been 
talking about the increasing share of franchisee in our business, but when I look 
through the last four quarters, a percentage of franchisee revenue costs to revenues 
has been coming down. So, how should one look at that number? 
Ved P. Goel: 
So, Nitin, this is not true representation because there is a COVID contribution, which 
is fluctuating quarter-on-quarter and that's here. Directionally if you see this fees is 
increasing because the contribution is increasing from collection centers or 
franchisee, but you better not compare these last few quarters because of COVID. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. And I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Ved P. Goel: 
Okay. Thank you everyone for being with us on this call today. I wish you all remain 
safe and healthy. I would now request the moderator to close the call. Thank you. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Thank you. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
