-1"· 
· 
PIVIIRI 
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
'- +91 1204308100 
••• +91 1204311010/11 
e wWvV.trivenigroup.com 
REF TElL SE 
o t 2yd M 
2022 
a e: 
ay, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department 
Rotunda Building, PJ. Tower, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI 
- 400 00 I 
MUMBAI - 400051 
Thru: 
BSE Listing Centre 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 16th May, 2022 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 
46 of SEB I (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, 
please find enclosed 
transcript 
of the Analyst/ 
Investor Conference Call held on 16th May, 2022 post 
announcement 
of audited financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 
2022. 
The transcript 
is also available on the website of the Company at 
~'yVw. triyenj_g[QHQ_:_~Dl 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
G~*~~ 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No.A9475 
Encl: As above 
. 
Corporate Office: 8th • Roor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 1 Q, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India. 
Registered Office: A-44, HOSiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L15421UP1932PLC022174 

Page 1 of 30 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
Q4 & FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 16, 2022  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Triveni 
Engineering & Industries Limited Q4 and FY 22 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR 
India. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited Q4 
and FY22 earnings conference call. We have with us today on 
this call Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO of Sugar Business Group as 
well as other members of the senior management team.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements 
made in today's discussion, maybe forward-looking in nature. 
And the statement to this effect, it has been included in the 
invite which was sent to everybody earlier. 
 
I would like to also emphasize that while this call is open to all 
invitees, it may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or 
manner. We will start this call with opening remarks from the 
management, following an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
 
I will now request Mr. Tarun Sawhney to open the call. Over to 
you sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Rishab, thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies, and 
gentlemen. And welcome to the Q4 and FY 22 earnings 

 
Page 2 of 30  
conference call for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. 
Delighted to be able to speak to you today, the Company has 
delivered extraordinary results at the end of the year. All the 
businesses 
have 
contributed 
significantly 
towards 
the 
profitability of the Company. Triveni registered the highest ever 
annual profitability with the Profit Before Tax (PBT) increasing 
by 24.8% year-on-year to ₹ 574 crore. Profit after tax grew a 
shade under 44% and stood at ₹ 424 crore. The Board in its 
meeting that ended on Saturday has declared a final dividend of 
₹ 2 per equity share or 200% for FY 22. 
 
If the final dividend is approved, this will take the total dividend 
for the year up to ₹ 3.25 per equity share. The net turnover for 
the Company however declined by approximately 8% in FY 22 
and in the current quarter and this was driven by the Sugar 
segment where lower sales volumes of 23% and 29% was the 
main contributing factor in the aforesaid periods. 
 
It is important to note that for the sugar year under review, 
sugar year 2022, the Company has not exported any sugar this 
year, whereas in the previous sugar year, we did we had record 
exports nearing about 182,000 tonnes, rather substantial 
amount of sugar was exported at that point in time. The other 
segments registered an increase in turnover in FY 22 in the 
current and as well as in the current quarter. 
 
Turning to the Sugar business, I am happy to report that the 
crushing continues at three of the seven sugar units as we 
speak today. And the total crush, as on the 13th of May was 8.2 
million tonnes with the gross recovery of 11.67%. The diversion 
of sugar to ethanol in sugar season 2021-22 is estimated at 
93,000 tonnes against 75,000 tonnes in the previous season. 
The increase in net turnover and profitability of the alcohol 
business improved by 30% and 48% respectively, during FY 22 
and were driven by increasing sales volumes and higher 
realizations as well as better efficiencies. 
 
The PBIT for the aggregate for the alcohol and sugar segments 
grew by 13% and 14%, during the year and current quarter, 
respectively. Higher domestic sugar prices of 8% in the current 
quarter, and 7% for the entire year has helped improve sugar 
operations substantially. In respect to the distillery operations, 
both sales volumes and higher realization prices have 
contributed to the increased profitability. 
 

 
Page 3 of 30  
On the 4th of April 2022, just after the fiscal year ended, the 
Company commenced operations of its new multi-feed distillery 
at Milak Narayanpur which has a capacity of 160 kilo liters per 
day (KLPD). I am also happy to report that this facility operated 
for a few days, for a fortnight on juice, which was the first of the 
distilleries at Triveni to have utilized juice for the manufacture of 
ethanol. The Company has now achieved an overall capacity of 
520 KLPD. As we speak today, with the enhancement of 
operations at the distillery at Sabitgarh, which has increased 
from 160 KLPD to 200 KLPD.  
 
The highlights of the engineering business are equally 
impressive. In our opinion, the business, the engineering 
businesses reported a 12% increase in turnover, driven 
primarily by the power transmission business in a year that was 
fraught with challenges, and especially a six-to-eight-week 
shutdown because of COVID, the Delta variant as we 
remember in Q1 of the fiscal year under review. 
 
Both the power transmission and the water business have 
registered 
a 
marked 
improvement 
in 
profitability. 
The 
engineering businesses at an aggregate level reported strong 
revenue growth increase of 16% and 25% and an increase in 
profitability of 41% and 2% during the year and the current 
quarter over corresponding periods. The power transmission 
was the key driver with the profitability increasing by 57% year-
on-year, which is quite a substantial increase in profitability 
growth. The turnover of the transmission business also grew at 
about 40%. The outstanding order books as of the 31st of 
March 2022 stood at ₹ 1,734 crore for the combined 
engineering businesses, a robust improvement from ₹1,078 
crore a year before. 
 
On the 9th of May 2022, the Board of Directors have decided to 
divest the Company's entire shareholding in Triveni Turbine 
Limited aggregating to 21.85% of the equity share capital of 
Triveni Turbine Limited keeping in mind, the objectives of inter 
alia unlocking value for stakeholders, the timely monetization of 
non-core assets, unbundling of businesses and enabling the 
long-term succession planning and facilitation of focus 
management of the Company. 
 
The proceeds from the divestment are equity shares of Triveni 
Turbines Limited are intended to be utilized for the growth and 
expansion for the businesses as well as for rewarding 
shareholders of the Company in compliance with applicable 

 
Page 4 of 30  
law, subject of course to receipt of any approvals that maybe 
relevant. 
 
Turning to the financial position of the Company, the revenue 
for operations in the quarter under review Q4 improved year-on-
year by 0.3% to ₹ 1,192 crore and the EBITDA margin also 
grew by 1.7% to ₹ 177.66 crore. The total debt of the Company 
as of the 31st of March is ₹ 1,503 against ₹ 944 crore as on 
March 31, 2021, the previous year, it comprises the term loans 
of ₹ 396 crore and almost all loans are with interest subvention 
or at heavily subsidized rates of interest. The total debt as on 
the 31st of March is higher than the previous corresponding 
year due to higher sugar inventory levels with the Company. 
 
Having said that, as you all know, during the course of this fiscal 
year, the debt rating by ICRA has been improved and as a 
result, the overall cost of funds stood at 5% for FY 22 compared 
to 6.05% in the previous fiscal year. 
 
I would like to now spend a few minutes talking to you about the 
agriculture - sugar, and distillery and separately the engineering 
business segments individual performance. Turning to the 
sugar business, for the sugar season and ending at 31st of 
March, the crush stood at 6.61 million tonnes versus 6.9 million 
tonnes in the previous year, so a shade lower. The recovery too 
was slightly lower at a gross level of 11.59%, which we believe 
is one of the highest in the State of Uttar Pradesh. It was 11.7% 
in the previous year, and therefore, this year's performance for 
the sugar crushing season was 11 basis points down. 
 
Now, this was due to unseasonal rains that we experienced in 
October, which, as you will all recall, resulted in a late start to 
the sugar season, it was very unfortunate. We also had vast 
flooding at one of our sugar factories at Milak Narayanpur 
where water was released from the dams in the Himalayas. And 
therefore, this led to a delayed start to the season. However, 
the catch up in terms of recoveries has been extremely good. I 
am personally very proud of the achievements in performance 
that we have had across the seven sugar units. As you know, 
and we have mentioned in the investor statement, for the sugar 
season compared to the previous one, we expect approximately 
20 basis points. In fact, we can even narrow it down to 
potentially 21 basis points, a decline year-on-year, which is very 
much the best in class and standard. And frankly speaking, 
given the massive heat wave that has occurred over North 
India, and in Uttar Pradesh starting off in March, and through 

 
Page 5 of 30  
the month of April, the performance is certainly much better 
than our expectations and a vast improvement on the state. So 
as of the 31st of March, while Triveni Engineering's 
performance year-on-year was down 11 basis points, the state's 
average was going down 60 basis points. So that just gives you 
a kind of favor in terms of the improvement in performance. 
 
The lower sales volume that has happened over the course of 
Q4 FY 22 primarily due to lower monthly allocations. And it is 
also due to lower exports. Now the monthly lower sales 
allocations as you can understand were naturally going to be 
lower as it ensues from Maharashtra and Karnataka, as it 
crushed more, and produced more sugar and therefore on a 
proportional basis, we received a slightly lower quotas month-
on-month. 
 
The sugar inventory as of the 31st of March 2022 was 51.5 lakh 
quintals, of which 40% of the sugar that remained was refined, 
which of course attracts a significantly improved and higher 
realization. It was valued at ₹ 32.7 per kilo, whereas in the 
previous year, the stocks as on the 31st of March 2021 were 
47.5 lakh quintals substantially lower, 4 lakh quintals lower and 
that was valued at approximately ₹ 30 per kilo. 
 
The co-generation operations which include our incidental co-
generation achieved external sales of ₹ 62.3 crore during FY 
22, which is slightly lower than the ₹ 68.3 crore in FY 21 and 
primarily due to the lower operating days. And as I mentioned, 
we had a later start to the sugar season this year because of 
the rains. 
 
Looking at the industry scenario during sugar season 2021-22, 
the sugarcane area has increased by 3% year-on-year, and this 
has been reported by the various agricultural departments. The 
major increase has been witnessed in Maharashtra and 
Karnataka with a slight increase in Andhra Pradesh and 
Telangana due to good rainfall in the Southwest Monsoon, the 
reservoirs are having ample water supply. 
 
I would like to pause for a minute and tell you about very current 
feedback. This particular planting season, the reports that are 
coming in indicate that the increase in cane area for the country 
should be about 1.5%, however we have been very successful 
in our campaign which continues to date, and we hope that for 
Triveni, we will achieve an 8% higher planting which will equate 
to a 5% higher area under cane. 

 
Page 6 of 30  
 
As you know the area under cane includes ratoon in plant, 
ratoon is the previous season's plant crop as well. And this 
would be a record in our books for many years. Turning back to 
the nation, considering an opening stock of 8.2 million metric 
tonnes, on the 1st of October 2021, the estimated domestic 
consumption at Triveni is 27.7 million metric tonnes including 
the pipeline, and sugar exports will enhance to at least 9.5 
million metric tonnes. And therefore, the closing balance on the 
31st of September is expected to be a record 6.6 million metric 
tonnes, which is the lowest it has been for several years now. 
And that in my opinion points to an extremely healthy 
sugarcane price as we enter the large holiday season, which 
would be the month of October 2022. 
 
Our projection for this quarter, the next quarter is a slow 
movement upwards in terms of sugar price and realizations as 
the remainder of the sugar exports take place. And as we have, 
as the summer demand for sugar then follows through into the 
holiday season demand for sugar. 
 
Turning to the ethanol business, the oil marketing companies 
have so far allocated 425 crore liters of ethanol for supply in this 
year, the ethanol as you know is December through November. 
And this is against the requirements of 459 crore liters bringing 
the 10% blending target. The average blending percentage in 
the country as of the 24th of April stood at 9.82%. So broadly 
speaking, 10%, which is I think a great set of congratulations, 
go out to the policymakers and to the various departments in 
the Government to ensure that we are meeting these ambitious 
targets. 
 
We are of course on track to advance towards 20% EBP levels 
by 2025. Of course, that target has been reduced from 2030 by 
the Honorable Prime Minister. And I think we are certainly on 
our way to be able to achieve this target and beyond. There has 
been talk as you know about flex fuel technology and flex fueled 
cars. And those things are very much underway. And that will 
lead to a far more robust system where the next points on 
discussion will have to be around pure ethanol, whether it be 
E100 or E85, or the like. 
 
Turning to the international sugar scenario, the prospects for 
the 2023 season now indicate a balanced market. When I had 
spoken to you previously, we are looking at approximately 3 
million tonnes of deficit globally. However, there has been an 

 
Page 7 of 30  
enhancement of numbers coming primarily from India, and from 
Thailand, and from a couple of other countries but India and 
then Thailand are primarily responsible for the elimination of the 
sugar surplus. 
 
Yet, we see that in Brazil, there is more diversion towards 
ethanol, sugarcane towards ethanol, which bodes very well for 
the next sugar year and as we go into it, it also has been part of 
the reason why we've had resilience in the markets as far as 
raw and white sugar is concerned, the prices have with held 
quite nicely over the steady rocky period that has been 
influenced by all sorts of global parameters over the last six to 
eight weeks. 
 
As I mentioned, Thailand, the Thai crop, has been increased 
very recently, to upwards to 11.5 million tonnes, it was 
previously forecasted 10.3 million metric tonnes. Global sugar 
prices have just softened a touch and now trade on the 13th of 
May traded at 19.7 cents per pound for raws, and 537.7 dollars 
per tonne for whites. 
 
Our alcohol business had a slight reduction in terms of the 
production, and this was due to two shutdowns that happened 
[due to NGT, I am sorry] for the Commission for air quality, that 
happened influencing the NCR area. However, those were then 
relaxed, and we contract to full levels of production. Having said 
that our sales volumes for quarter-on-quarter increased quite 
dramatically by 24%. The highest sales volume and realizations 
actually for the Company. Ethanol produced from the heavy 
molasses constituted 83% and 93% of sales volume in the 
current year and current quarter against 55% and 99% in the 
corresponding yield to the previous year. 
 
The Company has under its alcoholic beverages’ vertical 
started producing Indian made Indian liquor (IMIL) towards the 
end of Q3 FY 21 at its bottling facility in the premises of that 
existing distillery plant at Muzaffarnagar. This is a forward 
integration of the business. As a result, FY 22 performance is 
not directly comparable with FY 21 performance, because it has 
been clubbed together. 
 
I have spoken about the new distillery at Milak Narayanpur 
district Rampur, which has been commissioned on the 4th of 
April 2022. The Company has also announced its operations at 
Sabitgarh upwards to 200 KLPD from a 160 KLPD. The 
additional grain-based facility of 60 KLPD, which is being set up 

 
Page 8 of 30  
at our Alco Chemical Complex in Muzaffarnagar will be 
commissioned within the first quarter of this year, within the next 
few weeks, as we had forecast and spoken to you. And this will 
take the distillery capacity of the Company up to 580 KLPD. To 
further expansions that have already been declared, and I have 
spoken to you about in distillation capacity are waiting the 
necessary statutory clearances and we are on track for 
enhancing our capacity to 660 KLPD by July 2022 through plan 
of low capital cost and incidental expansion and some 
debottlenecking. 
 
Turning very quickly to our Engineering businesses. Looking 
first at our Power Transmission business, we have had record 
revenues and profitability in FY 22. The revenue growth was 
witnessed across all business segments and in export market. 
And this was despite a seven-to-eight-week shutdown that we 
had due to the Delta variant in the first quarter of the last fiscal 
year. The higher profitability was primarily due to overall cost 
control and operating leverage, which stemmed from higher 
revenues. 
 
The outstanding order book as of the 31st of March stood at ₹ 
221 crore, which included some long duration orders of ₹111 
crores. The difference between is which we hope to be able to 
execute in a brief period potentially six to seven months. The 
Board has approved a capex of ₹ 80 crore for the Power 
Transmission business, which is primarily for a new factory, 
which will be established in Mysore plant and machinery and 
equipment, and this should be complete by March 2023. 
 
Turning quickly to the Water business, the Water business has 
also achieved a fantastic set of numbers and on a consolidated 
basis, which includes our SPV at Mathura, this was awarded by  
NMCG under Namami Gange Programme and PALI ZLD Pvt. 
Ltd. We have achieved a 25% growth in revenues in the quarter 
under review. The profitability is higher due to better cost 
control and very efficient project execution as things done to 
normalcy. And as I had mentioned in previous quarters, we 
were waiting for these COVID lockdowns to abate and once 
they have abated, business has gone down to normal, the 
availability of manpower has not been in question et cetera. We 
have been able to execute projects with great speed and the 
impact of that is shown on our financial statements. 
 
The Company is expecting robust order booking in FY 23 and it 
is well placed in the certain bids that are being currently 

 
Page 9 of 30  
evaluated. The outstanding order book on the 31st March stood 
at ₹ 1,513 crore, which included ₹ 940 crore towards O&M, 
which are over a longer period.  
 
Before I turn to the outlook for the sugar business and 
engineering business, I do want to mention that the Board in its 
meeting last week has also sanctioned ₹ 130 crore of 
investment in our sugar business. And this will be taking place 
at our factories in Khatauli, Deoband, and Sabitgarh and is 
scheduled to be complete by October 2022. The primary 
purpose of this investment is modernization which includes the 
improvement of processes equating to reduction in losses of 
these plants. It also will ensure that we achieve higher crush 
rates at all these factories well within our registered capacities. 
 
In addition, there is investment in terms of improving the quality 
of sugar, where Deoband factory will be converted into a refined 
plant, and we will be doubling the output of the pharmaceutical 
plant at our sugar factory in Sabitgarh.  
 
I would like to briefly touch upon the outlook of the sugar 
business and the engineering businesses. It is estimated, as I 
have mentioned that for sugar year 2022, we will be 
approximately 20-21 basis points lower in terms of gross 
recovery compared to previous year. And this is primarily due to 
the late start to the factories and the massive heatwave that we 
have had, very unprecedented weather conditions and weather 
patterns that we have had this year. 
 
However, Uttar Pradesh being one of the most productive sugar 
growing areas, we expect much higher sugarcane availability 
for Triveni and a much higher crush as we go into the sugar 
season 2023. And this has been primarily due to our very 
successful planting campaign, which will translate as we hope 
to a much better drawl in the coming season. 
 
I had mentioned that we will end this sugar year with inventories 
just higher than 6 million metric tonnes in the country. And it is 
our belief that we will see equally robust sugar pricing going 
forward with slight improvements in pricing over the next few 
months going through the holiday season in October, November 
of this calendar year. 
 
Turning to the Engineering business, the power transmission 
business has clearly indicated that the domestic economy has 
shown great signs of growth. And so, our increased order book. 

 
Page 10 of 30  
However, it is not just the domestic economy, we have received 
excellent orders from global OEMs as well. And we are seeing 
excellent growth in those businesses, which we hope to 
capitalize on as we move forward into FY 23. 
 
The growth domestically has primarily been due to capital 
expenditure in power, steel, refineries, and oil and gas, fertilizer, 
cement, sugar, and mining. These are the primary areas where 
we have seen a substantial order booking. 
 
Turning to the water business, I think the Company, as I 
mentioned, has participated in a sizable number of tenders, a 
lot of which are pending finalization. And we anticipate in the 
next few quarters, we will be having the finalization and 
conclusion, all those contracts. And the endeavor of what we 
are highly successful in many of them, we are well positioned 
with respect to our past bids that we expect to be finalized over 
the next few quarters. The demand, of course, for water in the 
country has expanded quite dramatically. The crisis is not just 
domestic, but it is also global, frankly speaking, water is 
seriously undervalued. 
 
And with proper incentives that are now being put into place, we 
expect a robust ecosystem to exist domestically and 
internationally. The reason I mentioned internationally is as you 
know, we won an order in the Maldives, in the last fiscal year, 
and we are certainly looking at a few other markets to be able to 
execute our water business orders in South Asia and Southeast 
Asia. 
 
Thank you very much. I would now like to open the floor for 
some questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session.  
 
The first question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI 
Securities.  
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hi Sir. Just have two questions, one is on the display capacity. I 
believe once your work capacity gets commissioned, the full 
capacity had commissioned, you will be able to produce 
approximately 22 crore liters of ethanol. And given the fact that 
the area under the sugarcane is increasing significantly and 
simultaneously you are expecting the higher planting. So, is not 
the fact that your capacities are below par in terms of this fluid, 

 
Page 11 of 30  
given the fact that country level productions are also going 
higher, so will not it be required to sort of increase the 
capacities of ethanol even further from here? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Excellent question. So, let me take it one by one. The capacity 
number that you are looking at depends on what your feedstock 
is. With respect to B heavy molasses, we believe we have 
ample capacity, and extra additional capacity at Triveni with the 
660 KLPD. We also with the 660 KLPD have some capacity to 
be able to process cane juice during the season. However, the 
economics of juice are still under question. 
 
I anticipate that moving into the next molasses year, the next 
ethanol year, there may very well be indications by the 
Government to enhance and to support the conversion of juice 
directly to ethanol. But until that happens, I think this is 
something that we would be happy to sort of wait and watch. 
But we do have ample capacity at this particular point in time to 
be able to process our B heavy molasses. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Just one follow-up on that, I think you have, from what I 
understand, you have not also exported anything. So, export 
has not been done. And even the juice route, you mentioned 
that you will not be able to sort of take it more prominently. 
What I believe is it not like betting more on the sugar prices, 
which at this point it looks that there will not be any runaway 
price movement as far as sugar is concerned? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, I think sugar prices at this particular point in time are fairly 
healthy and fairly robust at this time, well above ₹35 as you 
know. Now, the Company has not exported any sugar because 
it has been unviable. In the years where there was an export 
subsidy, and there were quotas given to each and every factory, 
there was commercial sense to be able to do it. In Uttar 
Pradesh, 
especially 
because 
we 
get 
much 
higher 
premiumization and much higher value for our sugar, we were 
not in a position to be able to competitively export sugar. The 
opportunity cost was too great. And therefore, we decided not to 
export sugar during this part of the sugar year. 
 
Now going forward when you are looking at -- when you are 
commented, are you directly reliant on sugarcane prices? Well, 
we are happy to review and we constantly reviewed, and we 
had applied for many potential distilleries, and we will continue 
to explore it. But until the Board makes a decision for any 
enhancement of distillery capacity, we cannot really come back 

 
Page 12 of 30  
to and talk about that, it is not that we will not be exploring it 
from time to time. 
 
Today as far as juice is concerned, for an existing distillery that 
has been set up, it makes sense to have some capacity for 
juice, but to set up standalone distilleries for juice still requires 
an enhancement of your price, of your ethanol price from juice. 
And therefore, as a result, it is our view that having the sugar 
especially the quantum of refined sugar and sugar that we have 
at Triveni makes more sense from profitability's perspective. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay, just one more thing on the -- I will ask these two 
questions at the same time. Given the fact that your inventory 
levels are somewhere around 5.2 lakh tonnes, which means by 
when we will be exhaust the current season inventory? 
 
And secondly, on the Triveni Turbines divestment is concerned, 
where specifically if you can mention, where you will be utilizing 
the money, because what I understand your cost of debt is still 
far below almost 5% or below. Then, can it be assumed that the 
entire amount of the maximum amount will be utilized for the 
dividend payment? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Let me answer the first part of your question. I anticipate that 
the sugar that we have with us, you got the absolute sugars on 
your fingertips, it will be exhausted by us by November end 
potentially first week of December, which would be very outside, 
very much in line with the amount of stocks that exist in the 
country. So that is my estimation as far as the sales of the 
sugar by November end hopefully would be our target. And I 
anticipate that we will start sugar factories earlier this year 
compared to last year. 
 
For the second part of your question, I will hand over to our 
Company Secretary, Ms. Geeta Bhalla. 
 
Geeta Bhalla: 
So, balance part of the receipt will be used for rewarding the 
shareholders of the Company in compliance with various 
applicable laws and subject to the receipt of approvals. So, this 
is what we propose to do. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Pratik Tholiya from Systematix 
Group.  
 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. 
Firstly, this ₹ 130 crore capex that you are doing on 

 
Page 13 of 30  
modernization of clusters, that also increases your crushing 
capacities at these times, or the crushing capacity remains the 
same? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So excellent question. The permissible crushing capacity 
remains the same of course, however, our daily crushing 
capacity will certainly enhance at these three factories. So, we 
would expect to crush much more on a daily basis well within 
our authorized permissible limits. 
 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Okay, so it means that the surplus, or the additional gain that 
you're expecting, because of higher harvesting and better yield, 
that we'll be able to finish that crushing well before the actual 
season ends and there should not be any dropping in our 
recovery rates at our end? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, we will be crushing at a higher rate. But our permissible at 
what we are crushing at today is slightly below the permissible, 
the declared crushing capacity. And with this modernization, we 
will certainly be touching on crushable rates. So, within the 
same period, we will crush more cane at better efficiencies and 
lower losses. 
 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Got that. And then secondly, if I see your earnings in Q4 
distillery numbers, the realization that you have reported for the 
distilleries segment in this quarter is actually slightly below last 
quarter -- sorry, Q4 of last year. That means that you have done 
more of C Heavy in this quarter or what has been the mix that 
has led to the lower realization? 
 
Sameer Sinha : 
So, let me put it this way, the number over there would be on 
par with it. It probably is not the right number; it would be about 
₹56.60 that is number one. Second is because of the start of 
the IMIL segment, which is the country liquor segment, we are 
manufacturing more of ENA. Now as you understand we are 
utilizing more of our levy molasses and transferring ENA to our 
country liquor business at controlled prices, that is impacted the 
realization in this quarter versus last quarter. 
 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Okay, so if this IMIL would have not been there, the realization 
would have been better? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Would have been almost higher. Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas.  

 
Page 14 of 30  
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: My question is on your distillery business, where your capacity 
will be around 22 crore liters. So, my question is that in FY 23, 
what will be your utilization rate and whether it will further 
improve in FY 24? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
That's right. You would notice that we started our Milak 
Narayanpur distillery in early April, and our Muzaffarnagar 
distillery is expected to come in a few weeks well within this 
quarter. So therefore, and they will take a little bit of time to 
stabilize. So therefore, as per the last Board Meeting, where we 
had mentioned that possibly in FY 23, we might be ending at 
somewhere around 18 crore liters give or take a little more and, 
but we will go to 22 crore liters definitely in FY 24 with these 
capacities. 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: The second question is on the capital expenditures. So, as I 
understand that you will be doing around ₹ 250 crore kind of a 
capex this year and one is for the modernization and other is, 
one for the engineering business. So, going ahead, for the 
distillery business how much was the capital expenditure done 
in FY 22. And whether there is any add-on capex, which need 
to be done in the current fiscal FY 22? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. The approved capex, the largest portion of it was under 
process in the last year, in terms of recognition, the bulk of it is 
going to happen in this fiscal year. So, if we are looking at 
revenue, if you are talking about recognition, the recognition will 
happen in this year as the distilleries have been commissioned. 
The first one on the 4th of April, next one will also be in this 
quarter, and therefore all of it is happening in this fiscal year. 
However, in terms of expense, the broadest portion, the 
budgets remain the same, there is no enhancement of the 
distillery budget, if that is what you are alluding to. 
 
As far as the sugar and engineering capex, it is not ₹ 250 crore, 
it is ₹ 210 crore, ₹ 130 crore plus ₹ 80 crore which is ₹ 210 
crores and that is going to be spent in this fiscal year itself. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from 
Aequitas Investment Consultancy Pvt. Ltd.  
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
My first question was grain-based addition that we are 
anticipating in this quarter given that the input prices have gone 
up for grain-based distillery. How do we look at profitability for 

 
Page 15 of 30  
this capacity? And how do we look at mix of B heavy, C heavy 
grain base and juice for the year? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
So, there are two parts of the question. So, regarding the first 
portion of the increase in grain prices. Now, one of the 
distilleries at Muzaffarnagar is primarily for potable which is 
ENA. And therefore, there is a pass through of the grain pricing, 
the pricing of ENA has already moved up significantly, and we 
expect a further increase in that price. 
 
Second, there are two options within the grain ethanol. The first 
option is that you buy damaged grain from the market whose 
prices have gone up and, but you get a much lower ethanol 
price from that. And the second one is to go to FCI godowns 
and get a rate, which is about ₹ 3.95 - 4 higher than the other 
damaged grain prices. And therefore, we are looking at that 
option. And we would be in this month itself, we would be 
getting our orders for Milak Narayanpur distillery on grain and 
procuring grain from FCI. 
 
In the meanwhile, there have been lot of representations from 
the industry bodies, which represent the grain distilleries to the 
Government for an enhancement of rates of grain ethanol. Your 
second question was about how we view the current ethanol 
pricing in terms of the feedstock which is available. Like the last 
time we continue to hold that B heavy molasses remains the 
most viable and despite the grain taking a knock with an 
increased feedstock pricing, it would still be number two 
followed by grain pricing. 
 
This is for setting up of new distilleries primarily on cane juice, if 
anybody has a surplus capacity, obviously he will continue to 
cane juice. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay, and what is the transfer price for molasses in this 
quarter? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
See the transfer prices are based on market dynamics. And let 
me say in this quarter the price to the distillery was about ₹ 
1,050 in excess of that, the price at which distillery consumed 
the molasses was ₹ 1,050 plus. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay, and this quarter we have seen employee costs go up 
significantly. Is there anything material to note here? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, there is not anything material to note. 

 
Page 16 of 30  
 
Sameer Sinha: 
This would be with a wage arrear. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
There is of course, so there is nothing untoward to note. Of 
course, there is a wage ward negotiation that happens and gets 
reflected from time to time a few years on. And this increase 
reflects past views for the wage negotiations because that 
carries with it a few years of back dues and that is the number 
that you have noticed. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay, and what is the cost of production for sugar in this quarter 
vis-à-vis last year same quarter? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
It was effectively the increase in cane price, the ₹ 250. Broadly 
speaking that is for Triveni. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 
B&K Securities.  
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a question on the blending rate specific to UP, while it is 
well known that the India, pan-India blending rate is very close 
to 10%. What would be the blending rate in UP? And the 
second question is an added question that a large part of the 
ethanol expansion is happening with the UP mills this year. So, 
if you look at the diversion of 3.4 to 6 million tonnes probably, a 
bulk of it will be happening in UP itself this year. And that too a 
large, some part of it is UP. So, given these dynamics, will it be 
a challenge to sell the entire amount of ethanol this year itself? 
Or it goes to like into a two-to-three-year kind of thing? I hope 
you got my question what I am trying to ask. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, I have understood your question perfectly. So, I have some 
difference of opinion in terms of your numbers. And let me start 
with that. I believe that 3.4 million tonnes is the number that we 
are anticipating for this year's diversion of sugar towards 
ethanol. For next year… 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Yes, sugar year, I am talking about the financial year. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
For next year, it is anticipated to be 4.5 million metric tonnes of 
diversion. Broadly speaking, since the factories shut down, 
even the bulk of Uttar Pradesh started shutting down, most of 
our diversion happens in the fiscal year in any case, not all of it. 
Some of it does continue, of course into the month of April. But 
by and large, the expectation is that that number is the same. 

 
Page 17 of 30  
So, I anticipated to only increase up to 4.5 million on track for 6 
million and potentially 6 million plus by 2025. 
 
By 2025, there is an exceptionally good chance that we will be 
doing more than 6 million tonnes. But next year, I think a 
reasonable number given the distilleries that have been 
announced and that will be commissioned next year or rather 
this year in this fiscal year, I anticipate only a diversion of 4.5 
million tonnes. Now with respect to Uttar Pradesh, Uttar 
Pradesh is buying alcohol at a higher percentage, but certainly 
blending at 10%. 
 
The excess of course is going to be supplied to outside the 
states et cetera. The purpose of the Government's discussions 
over the last few months has been acutely on this subject, that 
you have certain pockets of larger ethanol production. And as 
far as ethanol that is produced from sugarcane or its by-
products, it is going to be Uttar Pradesh, it is going to be 
Maharashtra, it is going to be Karnataka. This alcohol has to be 
exported, and it is for consumption within a 12-month time span. 
 
The demand is there. The demand is a pan country demand. 
The question that you are really asking is, is there a problem in 
terms of transportation of ethanol to other depots and other 
states across the country. And my answer to that is that is the 
only way that we are going to achieve higher blending target. 
And that is a distinct, that is something that will happen. And we 
will see it happen in the next alcohol year. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Okay, so you do not perceive any challenges within these 
numbers. Given the fact that you see the alcohol would be 
transported to other states. So actually, there's a related 
question here, I mean as in the case, you talked about the grain 
dynamics, I mean, does the freight of the alcohol to be 
transported from UP to a state like say Assam, coming to play 
in the calculation of the grain-based alcohol, which we're talking 
about. And if that comes into play, and if the grain dynamics are 
looking better. In that case, will the grain equation be more 
viable for some of the players, may be? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
I did not understand your question. But the point is that the 
grain-based distilleries setting up in Bihar and West Bengal 
would be far better positioned to supply to Assam. That is point 
number one. And there are definitely deficit states. Also what 
the Government is doing or the OMCs are doing is that they're 
trying to put up aggregate depots, where you aggregate within a 

 
Page 18 of 30  
state, let's say within UP and similar stations in other states 
wherein you aggregate this ethanol and then transport it by 
railroads, which are crates and containerized crates to the 
deficit states, that makes it much easier, and also reduces the 
turnaround time as well as the number of vehicles required for 
transporting this ethanol too far off states. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
But the answer to your question is within the State of Uttar 
Pradesh, ethanol made from grain or made from sugarcane, we 
would have the same amount of transportation allowance by the 
OMCs. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Okay. Got it. 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
And just to add to that, so we must remember that for our Milak 
Narayanpur distillery, we have signed up bipartite agreements 
with the OMCs, which allows a preferential offtake from our 
distillery of 50% of our capacity. So preferential means it does 
not mean in terms of rates, but in terms of the offtake, 
prioritizing the offtake. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Which OMCs, this can that be shared? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
It is all the three OMCs, the Government OMCs they are 
factored. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, and just one question, if I can squeeze in on the sugar side. 
We are hearing from ISMA that there is a panel which has been 
mooted to talk about sugarcane farmers to choose buyers. So, 
this is against the normal catchment area, concept that you are 
familiar with the UP. Is that possibility in the future because at 
some stage the sugar production will fall for the few larger 
players in UP. That it may be a bit of a lopsided equation 
between Maharashtra and UP in terms of sugar and alcohol? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, no, I think you are jumping ahead of the gun. And this was 
an article that came out a few days ago. And the agency in 
question was CACP, not ISMA, number one, which is the 
Commission of Agricultural Costs & Prices, ISMA being the 
Agency for the association for private sector Association for 
Indian Sugar Mills. And again, this is something that came 
about as a potential recommendation from that body, this is 
certainly nothing that ISMA is talking about. 
 
I am happy to share my personal views with you offline, rather 
than take up time on this call on the impact of that but let me 

 
Page 19 of 30  
say it is nowhere near as dire, it is nowhere near as dire as 
what you are contemplating. I do not think it will happen. 
Number one, I do not think it will happen. But even if it were to, 
it is not certainly not that dire. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Can I ask one more question. So basically, if you look at the 
numbers, I mean, if you look at it with a scenario whereby 
substantial number of companies are expanding in alcohol so 
much, so these companies will be selling much less sugar from 
actually what they were selling earlier in terms of the quotas. So 
where will that sugar come from the UP, basic question. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
There's plenty of production, UP produces much more sugar 
than it certainly consumes. And the quantity of sugar being 
produced by the nation, despite diversion to alcohol, despite 
exports is substantial. And therefore, there is no, the scenario 
that you are talking about of a shortage is certainly not 
foreseen, not in UP, and not in any other part of the country. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay, I was talking only about UP actually, is there going to be 
a lopsided scenario by which Maharashtra and Karnataka will 
be surplus in sugar and UP will be deficit in sugar, that kind of a 
scenario? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Absolutely not, no. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM 
Financial Services.  
 
Yash Agarwal:  
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, I had a question with 
respect to the sugar industry. So, this sugar season obviously, 
we have had 9, 9.5 million tonnes of possible exports and that is 
why we have been able to reduce the sugar inventories. The 
question is on next sugar season with only an additional million 
tonne that you spoke about being diverted to ethanol, export 
sugar of about 7 million to 8 million tonnes would be needed for 
the industry to we are targeting in terms of inventory. Now, is 
not that a little concerning or are we thinking maybe too ahead 
in terms of the outlook for sugar prices come the next calendar 
year? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Okay, excellent question. I do not think it is cause of concern 
and here and here is why. Okay, firstly, your mathematics is 
spot on. We are seeing -- post-COVID, we are seeing a further 
increase in terms of consumption, you must factor that in as 
well. There has been a big jump in consumption ever since 

 
Page 20 of 30  
COVID has abated and I think that that will continue, perhaps 
not with the energy that the jump that has happened this year, 
but it will certainly improve and go above 28 million tonnes in 
the next sugar year. That is point one to consider. The second, 
of course, is that there will be 1 million tonne extra that will be 
diverted towards ethanol. 
 
However, we will still have, we have had record planting, the 
question that comes to what the yield is, and here the rainfall 
and weather patterns will play a very, very big role. Now, last 
year, the weather patterns, especially across Central India and 
portions of South India were ideal, in fact, never have been 
seen before in the last two decades. And therefore, the yields 
were extraordinary, weather based, really. 
 
And you have had as a consequence, a lot of sugarcane that 
has been produced in Maharashtra and say North Karnataka, 
that has contributed to this rise. Now next year, it can happen, it 
cannot happen, IMD is currently forecasting a normal monsoon. 
So even if you assume that you will have excellent output in 
terms of sugarcane, you will need to have a robust export 
program. 
 
The message as far as Krishi Bhavan, the Ministry of Food is 
concerned is that they are happy with the industry going ahead 
and exporting as much as they like. In fact, if you remember, 
there was an article that came out somewhere towards the end 
of March, which questioned, there was some commentator that 
questioned whether the Government will either pass any 
negative commentary or any type of comment on the total 
quantum of sugar that will be exported from India. And there 
were some concerns at least for two or three days, until the 
Ministry of Food came out with a statement and clarified that 
they had no such targets. And they were happy with the export 
program continuing, while they did not announce the target, 
they implied that the total quantum of exports that needed to 
take place was not an issue to the Government. 
 
Now moving into next year, especially as we are now into the 
second half of this sugar year, we are seeing that export 
contracts will continue. We have already surpassed 8.4 million 
tonnes of contracted value. And I suspect that we will certainly 
touch and achieve total exports of 9.5 million tonnes, it could 
even be a little bit higher. But from a conservative perspective, 
we have forecast 9.5 million tonnes of export. 
 

 
Page 21 of 30  
I do believe that during this period, we will enter into aggressive 
contracts for the next sugar year. The news that is coming out 
from other parts of the world, especially Brazil, which is the real, 
which is the largest exporter of sugar into global markets is a 
massive diversion, a most significant increase in diversion of 
sugar towards the ethanol program, India will certainly benefit. 
 
The other thing is that India has been in export markets for the 
last, the question is India has to export sugar you are right. The 
second part of the question that I am asking or answering is 
that, where will all that sugar go, if India is to export 6 million, 7 
million tonnes next year. A, I think it is achievable. And the 
reason why it is achievable is because we have found homes. 
India has been exporting consistently sugar for the last few 
years to Sri Lanka, to Bangladesh, to Afghanistan, even Iran, 
we have been exporting to the West, in terms of the Middle East 
and through the Middle East across East Africa. 
 
We have also been exporting large quantities of sugar to 
Indonesia, and to Myanmar. So, we have found homes for 
export of our sugar. The movement in freight, the hikes and 
shortages in freight have really helped us in our export 
campaign. And I think a lot of these buyers in these countries 
are spot buyers. So, the challenge, of course in terms of 
entering long-term contracts with nations far away is something 
that is a bit more frightening than entering a contract with India 
where the supply can be at least 30 to 40 days shorter in terms 
of physical delivery. And that is why I believe that not only will 
India export, but India will export to the same old markets where 
Indian sugar is found home. 
 
Yash Agarwal: 
Got it, got it. Sure. Thanks for the elaborate reply. And 
secondly, someone spoke about the increase in raw material 
cost for grains. Now, I believe there is some bit of hike 
announcing the grain-based ethanol prices as well. What is the 
other derivative benefit that the sugar ethanol industry could 
get? So, can there be a price increase in ethanol for us also? 
And if there is no price increase in ethanol, would it make sense 
for us to convert to ENA and gain benefit of the higher 
realization? So, is that something in the right direction that we 
are thinking? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, you have asked an extremely complicated question, the fact 
of the matter is, we at Triveni are now manufacturers of ethanol, 
both from sugar and its by-products, molasses, as well as grain. 
So, we are on both sides. Right now, no price has gone up. 

 
Page 22 of 30  
There has only been declared price for everything. The grain 
prices have enhanced and there was somebody else who 
asked a question, and my colleague answered it about what our 
strategy is. Grain procured from the Food Corporation of India is 
always sold at a standard price, that price has not gone up. 
 
Yash Agarwal:  
Okay. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
And neither has the price of ethanol that is made from FCI 
grain. So yes, basically, the lower price is of split grain that is 
bought from other markets and mandis and that price of course 
has certainly gone up, but our focus is on grain that is 
purchased from the FCI. Now, that is answering part of your 
question. 
 
The other part of your question is, should you -- how does it 
impact, how does the movement in grains and any possible 
enhancement in ethanol manufactured from grain impact, 
ethanol manufactured from sugar? Yes, of course, if one goes 
up, it negatively impacts the other, that is certainly there. 
 
We will ensure that we will move towards a scenario where we 
can, we are ambivalent to the raw material. So, our distillery in 
Milak Narayanpur for example is a dual feed distillery. It can use 
molasses and juice on one side, it can also use grain on the 
other side, and that type of movement, and we really pretty 
much lead the way as far as that is concerned on such a large 
scale, and that type of movement is what gives you optionality 
and flexibility whereas you only then look at your bottom line in 
making these decisions. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP 
Investment Managers.  
 
Resham Jain: 
I think unlocking shareholders' value has been a demand since 
quite a lot, quite some time, I think this has been a good 
decision overall. So, congrats on that. Very few companies 
have been able to unlock value like this. So that is first one. 
 
Second is on various capex which are doing now, the ₹ 130 
crore sugar capex and an ₹80 crore in the engineering 
business. And I think after this divestment, you may further 
invest in various businesses. How do you see the kind of 
payback or the return ratios in all these businesses? If you can 
just give a sense on let us say this ₹ 130 crore and ₹ 80 crore 

 
Page 23 of 30  
how are you looking at the return ratios from these 
investments? Thanks. That is the only question from my side. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I hand this question over to our Company Secretary to answer. 
 
Geeta Bhalla: 
Yes, so as far as compensating the rewarding the shareholders. 
We will definitely consider at the appropriate time, subject to the 
relevant 
approval, 
the 
procedures 
for 
rewarding 
the 
shareholders of the Company in compliance with the applicable 
laws. So, at this point of time, it is difficult to say how much, but 
it is -- it as the Board will approve, we will be able to do. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Sorry, my question was not that. My question was the capex 
which you are doing like ₹ 130 crore capex in the sugar 
business, ₹ 80 crore in the engineering business. What kind of 
return expectations one should have from these investments? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. Excellent. Yes, that was -- I am sorry, I misunderstood 
your question. I think at Triveni, we certainly look at double-digit 
returns and a payback within four to four and a half years. So, 
we are looking at, and in fact, for these investments, we are 
looking at less than three years payback with values higher with 
around about 20% to 21%. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nagendra Kumar Maurya 
from GrowthX Capital.  
 
Nagendra Kumar 
So just wanted to understand this Government quota thing you 
are mentioning the lower allocation to the Company was the 
primary reason for our lower volume. So, in case Government 
keep allotting a lower quota, it will be a challenge for the 
Company to maintain the super revenue going forward? Or is 
there any other mechanism Company must deal with this 
allocation problem? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Let me answer that, before we come to your next question. It is 
a function of total amount of sugar being produced in the 
country. And its year-on-year because it is always comparable. 
So, when that went and you, yourself are comparing two data 
points of this year versus the year before. In the year before, 
Uttar Pradesh produced a lot of sugar. The country produced 
relatively lower quantum's and therefore Uttar Pradesh's share 
and Triveni's share within Uttar Pradesh was there by higher 
and we received a certain allocation of quota to meet 
consumption. 
 

 
Page 24 of 30  
This year, while consumption has gone up, production has gone 
up much, much more, and the production has gone up much 
more in two states, Maharashtra, and Karnataka primarily. And 
therefore, they have received a proportionately higher share of 
allocation. Consequently, Uttar Pradesh and Triveni have 
received a slightly lower, although our production has been 
exceptionally good this year, as well. 
 
Going forward, I think this scenario will not change, I mean, I 
find it highly unlikely that there is going to be another scenario 
where Uttar Pradesh suddenly feels under greater pressure in 
future years. So, I think the possibility is much greater than our 
quota, especially with our enhanced crushing, et cetera, that we 
are forecasting, our quotas will improve as we go forward into 
the next fiscal intermediate, not the other way around. 
 
Nagendra Kumar: 
Okay. Understood. So, one more question on the policy 
regarding in case like, is there any cap by the Government? So, 
a Company can divert only a limited amount of sugar to 
distillery? Or is it a free decision by the Company we can take 
whatever amount it want to divert for this distillery production? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Well, the Company must set up a distillery that can absorb the 
capacity, but once established, you can divert as much of your 
rated capacity to ethanol. 
 
Nagendra Kumar: 
So, there is no bound from the Government side? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, there isn’t. 
 
Nagendra Kumar: 
Yes, just a small question on the margins of the distillery side. 
So, it was a primary reason the transport drivers have primary 
reason for the lower margins in current quarter or is some other 
reason also? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, well, it is not comparable. As I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, the profitability of this quarter and year is not directly 
comparable to the previous year for two reasons. The first one, 
of course is a higher transfer price from sugar to the molasses 
to the distillery segment. And the second one, of course, is the 
inclusion of Indian made Indian liquor (IMIL) within our distillery 
segment, which is of course at a much more reduced price, the 
price of alcohol is a far lower price and therefore that equates it. 
If you take out the IMIL, you will see a healthy increase in terms 
of the sales realization of spirits year-on-year. 
 

 
Page 25 of 30  
Nagendra Kumar: 
So, what was the revenue contribution in this quarter from IMIL? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
It was about ₹ 12.5 crore of sales. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from 
Centrum Broking Ltd.  
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I had a question on the debt level. As I see, there has been 
sharp move, up move on the short-term borrowing. And there is 
some -- there has been increase in inventories as you rightly 
mentioned. There has been some reduction in the trade 
payables as well. So, can you throw some light on this, and 
going ahead how this should pan out? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes, the increase in overall debt levels, especially working 
capital is only on account of the higher inventories that we have 
this year, at the end of this fiscal year versus the last quarter, or 
the better comparable would be 31st of March 2021. And that is 
what is accounted for the increase. The debt levels and the 
interest rates are very much under control as we sell off the 
sugar. Of course, the working capital levels will substantially 
decline. 
 
And I think if we can evacuate our sugar in a timely manner, 
you will see these net debt levels and capital levels decline 
rather substantially. 
 
 
And the other, there is also one small issue that I would like you 
to also consider that this year, Triveni has paid its farmers 
100% absolutely on time. And that has been a very important 
factor. The previous year, there was a lot of uncertainty and 
there were a few delays with respect to cane price payment. 
And therefore, the debt levels were slightly lower in the previous 
year versus this year. This year of course, it is primarily 
because we have cleared 100% of our cane price payment on 
time. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir. Is this referred to being lower cane availability in the State 
of UP and we have taken the step to shorten the period of 
payment to farmers. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, not at all, it has been the ability for the Company to pay. I 
think our farmers are very happy giving to us even in years past 
where there has been a little bit of competition here or there. 
We found that our farmers are much more than happy, because 
of our track record. And the work that we have done with our 

 
Page 26 of 30  
farmers to always supply cane to us. So that is not a concern of 
us really at an operating level. But this year, the Company 
received fantastic quantum of cane and could pay. And 
therefore, completely cleared all its cane price payments well 
within the prescribed list. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. I just wanted to understand. So basically, out interest 
outgo for the next year that might be slightly on the higher side 
because of this, because particularly it says that it is a sugar 
realization and a volume, it depends upon the quota. So, it will 
be as you rightly said, it will be in a staggered way. So, let us 
say, our interest outgo will be slightly higher than FY22, is that a 
reasonable estimate? 
 
Atul Aggarwal: 
So, it will remain at the same level as last year, because this 
year includes some interest on tax is also they are of ₹ 5.5 crore 
or something like that, which will not be there in FY 23. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, fair enough. And sir my second part of my question was 
like what participant has asked about overall sugar production 
in India. So whole structural change in the industry has come 
with respect to declining inventory levels. Now I get you on the 
front that consumption is going from 26 to 27 this year and 
expected to go to 28, which is in line with the long-term average 
of the volume growth. But as we know that Indian cost of 
production is as far as higher than our competitors, Brazil or 
Thailand. So, in a scenario where there are no external factors, 
which helped the Indian sugar be it shortage issue or be it in 
external geographical problems of what brought opportunity for 
the Indian sugar. So, in that case this year, it has made a dip 
in… 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yes. So basically, what I am trying to say is that in case we do 
not have any external factors that aids Indian sugar export. How 
do we see the scenario? Do we expect the Government to 
intervene, we know that they cannot provide export subsidiary -- 
subsidy, but do we have any other tools at their disposal to help 
the sugar industry? I just wanted to know that from your view. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Well, I think the Government has all the tools, but beside 
subsidy, things are limited. We do as you know have a quota 
system in place, which has worked very, very effectively. We 
also have an MSP in place by the Federal Government. So, if 
your concern is, will domestically prices tank, if India is unable 
to export, and if there are any exigencies in the global markets. 
Well, you have two very important thresholds, which will not be 

 
Page 27 of 30  
crossed. The first one being the quota system. And the second 
one being the MSP that is established by the Government of 
India, two particularly important things. And that gives a 
tremendous amount of confidence as far as domestic sugar 
pricing is concerned. And we have tested them, and they have 
remained un-breached, frankly speaking over the last few years 
since it has been implemented.  
 
So, it has been tried and tested. Now, as far as Indian exports 
are concerned, I think, from time to time, these questions do 
come about. Yes, there was a great deal of argument about 
WTO compliances, et cetera, et cetera. And that subject is still 
ongoing. However, there can certainly be ways for the 
Government to assist in the future if required. As of now, the 
Government felt that India could export sugar competitively into 
global markets, which is why you are asking the question, what 
will happen if India cannot export competitively? 
 
I think there are multiple things that can happen in terms of 
assistance in evacuating Indian sugar. And that we will have to 
see from time-to-time. I do not want to present any hypothetical 
scenarios at this point in time, but I certainly do not think all the 
arrows have been shot with the bow. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer, an Individual 
Investor.  
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers despite the 
challenging circumstance. I just wanted to ask the two 
questions, first is related to the bottle business case. So, if I can 
recollect in quarter three, we had posted somewhat margin of 
around 15% of EBIT in Q3 FY22 which has now come down to 
8-8.5%. So, I just wanted to know overall what is the kind of 
EBIT margin can we expect in water products? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, we do not give you -- we do not give future numbers as far 
as future guidance as far as numbers is concerned. However, I 
would encourage you to look year-on-year performance on the 
margin levels and profitability levels rather quarter-on-quarter, 
because in each and every quarter, the revenue recognition is 
such that it could have slightly higher margins and slightly lower 
margins. What is more reflective is the growth in terms of the 
annual performance of the business, which as you have seen 
has been quite robust. 
 

 
Page 28 of 30  
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay, fine. Another question I had is so, when I went to the 
presentation, sugar. We have 51 lakh quintal inventory at 
average of ₹ 32.7 per kg. Can you give me what is the spot rate 
of sugar as of now? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
₹ 35 per kilo, for bold grain sugar (150s). 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay, okay. And you are expecting to rise slightly over a period 
of next two quarters, right. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That is our internal estimation. Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Maheshwari from 
Systematix Group.  
 
Harsh Maheshwari: 
My question is related to this Triveni Turbine shares two, three 
questions. You also told that you will sell the stock next six 
months or 2023 at ₹ 171, on the stock exchange at minimum 
price of $171. So, if price is not there of ₹ 171, how you will be 
able to execute the block trade? 
 
Geeta Bhalla: 
Floor price which has been fixed by the Board for the promoter 
is ₹ 171. And the time limit has been given up to 31st March 
2023. So, we will see at the appropriate time, but this is a 
binding contract. And we will continue with this at ₹ 171. 
 
Harsh Maheshwari: 
Yes, my query is extremely specific. You have mentioned that 
you will not sell, your floor price will be ₹171. And you will 
execute at the stock exchange. So, the issue is that, obviously, 
you have mentioned that it could be after six months of the 
approval from the EOGM, and 31 March 2023 whichever is 
later. So, if ₹ 171 price is higher than ₹ 171, there is no issue, 
you can always execute the exchange. But if price is lower than 
₹ 171, how you were able to comply with that, then in that case, 
you would have to go off market while you are seeking for 
approval to do it at the exchange number one. 
 
Number two, you also mentioned in your EOGM notice Page 7, 
that the promoter who is buying inter se, they would do it from 
their personal finances, as well as they may do a monetization 
of some of the shares that are held by them in the Company. 
Company meaning Triveni Engineering, so is the promoter is 
also going to sell some Triveni Engineering shares to acquire 
Triveni Turbines. These are my two specific queries. 
 

 
Page 29 of 30  
Geeta Bhalla: 
Yes, so as we mentioned in the explanatory statement, that 
promoter may sell its shares in Triveni Engineering to buy the 
stake in the Triveni Turbine Limited by way of inter se transfer. 
Regarding your second question, this floor price is ₹ 171 
minimum price. And promoters will acquire the share that 
minimum price has been given by the Board is ₹ 171, which is 
based on the fair valuation. And this is the minimum price and 
outer time limit is 31 March 2023. So, we will see at the 
appropriate time, if we are able to do and the Board will 
reconsider it, if required. 
 
Harsh Maheshwari: 
Is there any timeframe that you set up for stake sale, besides 
the promoter buying. Maybe other stake sale of around 10% to 
11%. Is there any timeframe or both the transaction will happen 
simultaneously? 
 
Geeta Bhalla: 
So, at present, there is no timeframe, but we are expecting that 
it will happen at the similar time. This is what we are expecting. 
 
Harsh Maheshwari: 
Thank you, madam. I think we will come back to in the offline, 
because still how it will happen if it is less than ₹ 171 up to six 
months. We do not have a proper answer for that. So perhaps 
we will talk to you separately. 
 
Geeta Bhalla: 
Yes, offline, we can take up these questions. Yes, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us. I 
suspect this is a record call for us well beyond the one-hour 
limit, discussing the performance of FY 22. Thank you very 
much for joining us this afternoon. Let me conclude by saying 
that, I think we are poised extremely well in both our business 
segments of sugar agriculture and engineering. All the various 
verticals are poised for significant growth. In sugar we are 
looking at enhancement of sugar price. Within distillery 
segment, we are looking at, capacity is coming on stream and 
giving us higher revenues and profitability. 
 
Within the power transmission business, we are looking to grow 
from strength to strength to further record revenues and 
profitability with expanded role in other geographies and global 
markets. And within our water business, we are anticipating the 
execution or award of tenders that we have been waiting and 

 
Page 30 of 30  
anticipating through this COVID period. And our earnest hope, 
of course is that we will be successful in those tenders. 
 
I hope to get back to you over the next few quarters. We are 
able to provide even better news on all these side. Thank you 
very much for taking the time this afternoon. Good bye. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript 
has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
