  
™ 
ORE 
TO METAL 
  
SMEL/SE/2022-23/16 
24" May, 2022 
The Secretary, 
The Manager - Listing Department 
Listing Department, BSE Limited | National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Limited 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Maharashtra, India 
G-Block, 
Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra 
Scrip Code: 543299 
| 
| 
(East), Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Symbol: SHYAMMETL 
  
  
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
- 
Transcript of the conference call for Audited Financial Results 
for the Quarter and Year Ended 31°t March, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with Investors 
and analysts held on Thursday, 19'” May, 2022 for the Audited Financial Results 
for the Quarter & Year Ended 31% March, 2022. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
  
SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
ae 
gore 
our eranos: (ii = B® 
SS, TIGER 
s 
ya 
I G E R 
REG. OFFICE: Trinity Tower. 7th Floor, 83, Topsia Road, Kolkata - 700 046, West Bengal, CiN: U40101WB2002PLC095491 GSTIN: 19AAHCS5842A2ZD 
550D 
TMT 
RE-BAR 
SALES & MARKETING OFFICE: Viswakarma Building, North West Block, 1st, 2nd & 3rd Floor, 86C, Topsia Road, Kolkata - 700 046 
T: +91 33 4016 4001 F: +91 33 4016 4025 Email: contact@shyamgroup.com Web: www.shyammetalics.com Follow uso: 2 @ © & 
Wire Rods 
TMT & Structurals 
NTT me) 
  
PaO 
el 
Ferro Alloys 
dell (eh tS 
Rey ele ner em Lge) 
edi tiksy 
 

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 19, 2022 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BRIJ BHUSHAN AGARWAL - VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK KUMAR AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
– FINANCE - SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ HARLALKA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day, and welcome to Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited Earnings 
Conference Call organized by Orient Capital. Representing the management we have with us Mr. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal - Vice Chairman & Managing. Director; Mr. Deepak Kumar Agarwal – 
Executive Director – Finance; and Mr. Pankaj Harlalka – Head of Investor Relations. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pankaj 
Harlalka. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Pankaj Harlalka: 
Thank you. Good evening to all. On behalf of  Shyam Metalics I am delighted to welcome you 
all to this call particularly our shareholders and our industry analysts. Thank you for taking the 
time out on this call to discuss the result for the fourth quarter and financial year 2022. 
 
Our results including our presentation explaining the performance has been uploaded on our 
website and I hope many of you have had a chance to go through it. To discuss our results we 
have with us our VC & MD, Mr. Brij Bhushan Agarwal; and our ED & Director Finance, Mr. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal. They will take you through our results and answer any questions you 
may have. 
 
As always this entire discussion will be covered by the safe harbor clause which is on page #2 of 
our presentation. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you Pankaj. A very good evening to all the participants’ and thanking you for joining us 
on the call to discuss our fourth quarter and the year ended financial year 2022 financials and 
business performance. 
 
The quarter began with the rise in the steel prices across the board and then mid February the 
geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine started which led to a panic situation initially. 
Things are yet to settle down completely with the new world order finding its place in the 
industry is to play an important role in the world’s steel market. Also China being the largest 
player on the part of decarbonization has led to the further significance of Indian steel player 
increasing. The steel industry is going to play an internal role in enabling India achieve 5 trillion 
economy by 2025. The India’s steel industry has been growing anywhere between 5% to 7% 
year-on-year basis and that is the growth rate might accelerate. 
 
We expect with the reasonably strong demand recovery on the back of the recent policy 
announcement made by the government towards the railways, roads, civil aviation, gas pipeline 
towards affordable housing, and incremental budgetary allocation to this sector is likely to drive 
the demand for the long steel. The segment that we emerge as a leader in the consumption of this 
finished steel our construction which accounts for 62% followed by the capital goods 15% and 
auto 9% and intermediate products 6% with consumer durable of 5% and railway 3%. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Shyam Metalics is predominantly focused on selling long also steel and this segment is part of 
the large and growth pie. We are glad to share the Q4 financial 2022 the value-added segment of 
TMT bar rods accounted for 40% of our quarter four revenue, which is significantly higher what 
we achieved in the first half of the current financial year. As well as much higher in comparison 
to what we achieved in the quarter four of the last financial year. We derived about 84% of the 
revenue from the domestic market and 16% from the exports. About 39% of our revenue are 
from B2C segments. Our initiative to drive B2C segment is bearing fruit B2C segment accounted 
45% of Q4 revenue as against the average of 35% of the revenue of the past quarter. 
 
For those who are not well-versed or familiar with our operation we would like to draw your 
attention to our integrated operation across the value chain. The integrated nature of the 
production facility results in the better control of our operations as well as enable us to improve 
operating margin allowed us to focus more on the quality and created multiple point of sale 
across value chain. 
 
Our production facilities plants are strategically located in the closed proximity to our raw 
material sources which we believe lower our transportation costs and provide significant logistic 
advantage thereby improving our operating margin in the terms of adversity thereby reducing the 
impact of the contradiction of the EBITDA margin. Even in times like the one at Q4 where the 
energy costs have accelerated, we had been able to hold on to our EBITDA margin and maintain 
the same. Even if we compare a sequential quarter basis the decline has been very modest with 
the range of quality structure products sold under the SCL brand, the company in the product 
market hold its pride in the place of leading steel manufacturer. 
 
Since we are an ore to metal company we are able to produce higher value long product in the 
efficient and the cost efficient manner. We are able to commission our state of art aluminium foil 
plant in Pakuria. The product as per the requirement of the customer are being processed and the 
acceptability and the response is very good. We do expect that the aluminium business itself shall 
have a significant contributor to the journey of the growth of the company.  
 
We had been declared as the acquirer by the NCLT for Ramsarup three years back, however 
there was a long drawn legal tussle for last three years, which just concluded and finally all 
litigations has been set aside and we shall initially taking control of Ramsarup soon. The same 
has been acquired through SS natural and SPV between our company and super smelter group 
where we hold 60% through SSPL and our wholly owned subsidiary. Presently an immediate 
overall outgo is approximately 380 Crores with our proportion roughly around 228 Crores. Once 
we get the control and our team is ready with the entire plan on the same we shall share with our 
shareholders the complete plan at that juncture.  
 
I am happy to point out that we have been able to grow in the volume in the terms of 33%. Again 
I am repeating last year we have grown in the volume in the terms of %33 from 1.18 million ton 
to 1.56 million ton. In addition to the higher volume we had been able to deliver better results, 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
better realization by nearly 33% percent. Our performance was broad based with all the product 
segment doing well the pellets, billets, sponge, finished steel, lump product, wire rod, TMT 
structures and varieties of speciality alloy and ferro product. Our company is blessed to have a 
very strong balance sheet which allow us to take a better view and call during these time of 
disruption in the raw material prices. We have an inventory of two months of coal at our plant the 
higher input cost is mostly to be recovered from the increased steel price in the month of April 
are coming down but we expect the impact of the marginal effect in our performance.  
 
The company has identified operating levels like digitalization, operating excellence program 
based on the principle of Kaizen 5S Lean PPM and TQM to achieve its medium and long-term 
goal. We just upgraded our ERP platform to SAP ECC and also committed to improve and 
deliver implementing TRO in order to upgrade the capability to mobility. The company engaged 
two operational excellence program next plan in Bengal and Odisha with BCG and alloy. The 
company is introducing best in the workflow practices in our work area. The company is 
committed to introduce highest level of real-time digitalization automations by increasing the 
web based production line.  
 
In January 2022, the company had appointed an ESG consultant to undertake the diagnosis study 
to improve the material flow balances to review energy and water consumption and the treatment 
of industrial waste. In addition to the ESG consultant would also focus another aspect involving 
the social governance issue they have submitted the initial report and stage two of the 
implementation is underway.  
 
Before I conclude I want to assure you that we are from the management expect a strong demand 
to continue due to the current up cycle in the steel industry driven by the infrastructure spend 
increased contributions on the recently added capacity along with the product diversity and 
higher share of value-added product would write the operating and the financial performance 
well into the next financial year. The only spoiled spot has been an increase in the raw material 
prices to some of the overall state to our core business continues to be strong. Most of our 
businesses are doing better than what we started in the beginning of the financial year. 
 
With that I conclude my portion of the speech. Now I call upon Mr. Deepak Agarwal - Executive 
Director, Finance to take us to the financial performance of the quarter under review for the 
financial year 2022. Thank you so much. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: Thank you Sir. A very good evening and warm welcome. We at Shyam family are thankful to 
you lending us your precious time. I trust you and your family is keeping in good health in the 
midst of unprecedented pandemic which nevertheless has erased a bit in the past few months. Let 
me thank you all for the confidence reposed and support extended to the company that have 
further strengthened the pillar of the company and helped us to progress ahead over the years. I 
am also glad to share the company has achieved another milestone recently with the acquisition 
of Ramsarup Industries Limited. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Now I will give a quick review of the reported consolidated financial for the quarter under review 
and for the year ended of the last financial year that is 2021-2022. On a consolidated basis the 
company for the quarter four for financial year 2022 reported an operating revenue of Rs.2857 
Crores a growth of 22% over a quarter four of the financial year 2021. Like in the previous 
quarter in the quarter four too we have been able to sell higher percentage of volume sales of 
finished steel at higher realization which has enabled the company to grow in terms of revenue 
and EBITDA. As a result our EBITDA for the quarter four of the last financial year on a 
consolidated basis was at Rs.663 Crores growth of 6.7% over a quarter four of the last financial 
year and a growth of 6% over the quarter three of the last financial year that is 2021-2022. 
 
Just to drive on that point if you measure the raw material cost to operating the revenue ratio in 
percentage term it has been decreased by the 80 bps in quarter four of the financial year 2021-
2022 over the previous quarter. We have reported a flat EBITDA in quarter four of the financial 
year 2021-2022 in comparison with the previous quarter. In order to maintain this quarter in 
EBITDA number we have been judiciously and cautiously on all other cost components. Quarter 
four of the last financial year that is 2021-2022 on a consolidated basis we reported a EBITDA 
margin of 23.2% a decrease of 105 bps over the previous quarter.  
 
Despite a challenging environment in terms of branded EBITDA per ton we achieved the 
Rs.15147 per ton in quarter four of the financial year 2021-2022 a decrease of 17% over the 
quarter four of the last financial year that is 2021 please to inform that while calculating the 
blended EBITDA, the EBITDA of the company is divided by the steel volume gets to arrive at 
the blended EBITDA. we had both higher volume of pallet sale in quarter four of the last 
financial year that is 2020-2021 and also the realization we are higher level as compared to 
quarter four of the last financial year that is 2021-2022 which shows a decrease in the blended 
EBIDTA but in steel terms that same has increased driven by the changes to resume it an 
improvements to realization is most of our product segment and running cost wherever possible.  
 
There has been increase in the price of coal paid forth and other raw material hit for quarter four 
on the financial year 2021-2022. On year-on-year basis we reported a consolidated net profit 
growth of 12% to 433 Crores and on quarter-to-quarter basis the net profit was up by a modest 
1%.  
 
For the year ended 2021-0022 we reported a revenue of 10 394 Crores, growth of 65% over the 
last year similarly the EBITDA growth too has been strong at 87% to Rs.2600 Crores for the year 
ended March 31, 2022. Over the last year despite provisioning for taxation going up substantially 
, we reported a net profit growth of 104% for the year ended of previous year. We could achieve 
this margin expansion owing to the exceptional market conditions, our steel volume growth, 
disciplined capital allocation policy and buying key raw material at a right time based on 
experience. We also focus on improving the product mix which led to improvement with a 
blended realization and concurrently improving the operational efficiency by cost optimization 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
and rationalization of efforts which enable us to report a very good and consistent state of 
operating profit and net profit.  
 
For many years we have been following a prudent capital allocation policy by which 70% of our 
cash generated is invested back into the business and 20% is retained as a liquidity surplus and 
10% is return to the shareholder in the form of dividend. In the financial year 2021 for the entire 
year we declared a dividend of per share of Rs.4.55 and for the current financial year that is 
2021-2022 we have already declared and distributed Rs.4.5 per share as a interim dividend and 
on the back of strong operating and financial performance and with the strong net cash flow from 
operating activity the company yesterday in its board meeting further declared and a final 
division per share of Rs.2.75 per share amounting to an outgo of Rs.68.87 Crores subject to the 
approval of extreme shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting.  
 
We have achieved a good improvement to our working capital days in the financial year 2021-22 
our working capital days of 44 days as against 69 days at the end of the financial year 2021. 
Similarly we achieved a massive improvement to our capital efficiency during the first half and 
the same trend is being perpetuated. Our return on capital employment or return on equity at the 
end of the financial year 2021-2022 are at 37.5% and 29.6% respectively as against 25% and 
23.2% respectively at the end of the last financial year that is 2021.  
 
The gross debt to the equity which was at 0.22 x at the end of the last financial year that is 2020-
2021 is now at 0.09 x at the end of the previous year that is 2021-2022 we had turned into a net 
cash in the first half of the financial year 2021-2022 and our net cash position at the end of this 
previous year that is on 2021-2022 is around 708 Crores. From the cash flow statement you can 
make out for the financial year 2021-2022 we incurred a capital expenditure of Rs.1053 Crores as 
against 361 Crores in the financial year 2021. From the net cash flow from the operating activity 
of Rs.1665.1 Crores during the financial year 2021-2022. Our treasury has also been increased to 
the tune of 1252 Crores of which available for the investment and cash equivalent during the 
financial year 2021-2022 was Rs.1011 Crores. I am glad to share the financial risk profile of the 
company is very, very strong.  
 
Our net operating cash flow from the operating activity to EBITDA is being hovering around 
66% to 75%. Our business model is such that we always report consistent EBITDA margin by 
improving the product mix generate cash flow to fund the capacity expansion. Our strategy has 
always been to incur capital expenditure on a smaller basis in a piecemeal manner to ensure that 
the balance sheet is never straight. At all point of time we closely monitor the liquidity solvency 
and capital efficiency ratio. I would like to assure you that the company sustained a healthy 
financial risk profile despite pursuing sizable capital expenditure plan out of the 2960 Crores 
Capex announced during the IPO we have already accumulated incur of Rs.1529 Crores up to the 
financial year 2021-2022 and the capitalized 894.25 Crores assets during the last financial year. 
The remaining amount of Rs.1430 Crores shall be expanded over the next two financial years 
that is 2022-2023 and 2023-2024. We further announced the Capex of 990 Crores in March 2022 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
for expenses in pellet capacity, coke oven plant and additional line of captive railway siding. This 
capex to be completed by September 2022-2023. We spend 793 Crores on Capex this year and 
for the next year the Capex additional spend will be 1100 to 1200 Crores. The same is over and 
above the portion of 230 Crores which is to be paid for the acquisition of Ramsarup Industry 
Limited.  
 
Our company has taken resolution to raise up to the Rs.3000 Crores in the form of debt or equity 
or any other expenses. Our networth at the end of the financial year 2022 is 5835 Crores and as a 
policy we have never had debt equity breach to the extent of 0.5x to the total equity. The 
enabling resolution has been taken keeping in this in the background. At the company level we 
have been able to grow through continuous expansion but with a disciplined capital allocation 
approach and adherence to the principle led out by an early founder of the organization. Aided by 
the internal cash generation and sufficient liquidity surplus which will ensure we take only 
limited debt in the event of any fund through mismatch. I would like to assure you that the bank’s 
limit utilization at the consolidate level is expected to remain moderate going forward too. Also 
the annual cash accrual should suffice for the capital expenditure requirements and debt 
repayment. Now I conclude my portion of the update and open the floor for the question and 
answer. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is in the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good setup number and thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of 
questions. The first one is on the rationale for acquiring Ramsarup Industry. Now we are into a 
very similar business, we have our own Capex the Brownfield Capex as well, and I understand 
this is an old matter three years back we admit for it. But how do you think it will integrate into 
your overall scheme of things. So just some color on that the rationale and how do you want to 
integrate it. That is the first question. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
If you see in today’s time if you are getting a asset, which has a railway siding, which has a land 
which has a 132 KV high tension grid, we have a installed plant of a blast furnace, sponge iron 
plant, power plant and at a so less price, if you see that, like if you want to buy a land you will 
not get a land at this price and maybe if we take a land also it take maybe more than two years, 
three years to acquire this kind of a land. Logistically on the port area and very near to the iron 
ore like the freight cost in comparison with our existing plants what we have it is around 20% to 
25% more on the advantageous position. So this is a very, very lucrative side with the less of the 
hurdle it is in the same terrain where we are working right now in Bengal not a new geographical 
challenge. This is one of the infrastructure advantage what we have been able to capitalize from 
the acquisition side.  
 
Now from the business side it has a world-class ceramic arc furnace, which is one of the most 
reputed vendor so we have a lot of advantages in the time to come though I would say it is going 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
to be a very, very different product in steel, it is not going to have any kind of a competition or 
any kind of thing what we are doing in our existing steel plant. We need time because Ramsarup 
was one of the pioneer one time in the wire division they have a complete wire division also. So 
in the time to come though it is too early for me to comment anything right now on the business 
plan because since we had been struggling for more than three years to acquire these assets and 
now we have got the assets and now we are on the planning stage but I can very well share that 
this is going to be something different product from the company side like we have been always 
venturing into the new value-added product with the good technologies and all. So this project is 
also going to be in the similar line maybe we might think of getting into a specialty wire division 
which has a huge potential there is more than 50% export is happening in this specialty wire 
when we are talking of the wire rods or we are talking about the low carbon or the chromium 
wires and all. So these are going to be the product but still it is under the planning stage and just 
sharing my thought see what we are thinking right now and we will take time because we are yet 
to get the position of this land and then once we get the position of the land the detailed 
evaluation will be done by the best consultant and advisors and then we will come across the 
growth plan, but yes definitely it will be more on the value addition side of these three and I do 
not see a very big Capex coming up in this setup in next one or two years because it will take 
time to establish and do a lot of internal planning and all and yes this will be something very 
niche for the company. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks for this. The second question is essentially on volume growth. So there are quite a few 
projects that are coming up in FY2023 and besides this there is a very attractive low carbon ferro 
chrome project also coming up aluminium foil also. So it would be great if you could just share 
with us in percentage terms what kind of growth we can expect in each of these segments, I 
mean, the main ones pellets, road products in particular and sponge iron. If you could also share 
the possible EBITDA contribution that you see from the aluminium foil project and low carbon 
ferrochrome project. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
If you are talking of a low carbon ferrochrome project like we just commissioned it we had been 
able to stabilize it, it is one of the kind in the country with the process what we have followed it 
is very interesting and this is almost I would say 80% export. On an average we can say that this 
business contributes around Rs.40000 to Rs.50000 turned EBITDA in the low carbon space 
because it is a very niche technology completely franchised from the international consultant and 
all and as on date like just we are on the verge of stabilizing this 10000 to 12000 tons capacity 
plant every year like per year and we also have a plan to double it once we stabilize the plant we 
regularize our market we set up the team we educate the team because it needs a lot of skill effort 
in manufacturing on the technology front also on the process front. So we will be able to double 
in next one year. From the foil plant is concerned aluminum foil plant which is also a very 
extremely interesting business as you know the packaging industry is growing and the issue of 
the plastic is a great environmental and the health issue which is to be to this planet. So this is 
also replacing very fastly in the niche packaging sector. Aluminum is coming as a very, very 
interesting packaging and also a lot of other usage of the aluminum is where the battery foils and 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
all in the electric vehicle space. Since we are in the verge of stabilizing and we are learning more 
and more as one day we would not like to increase any foil capacity for at least this year we 
would like to learn this year more and more on the marketing front, more and more on the 
product front and maybe when the time come and we are extremely 1000% comfortable we 
would like to draw the expansion in the aluminium space. Now related to the sponge iron long 
product I would like to focus that the long product like we are all aware that we have launched 
the brand ambassadors Salman Khan as our brand ambassador and we are more focusing on B2C 
sector now and if you see there is a good penetration this year in the long product space so we 
expect that in this year we should be doing pretty decent volume in the long product and I expect 
that we should be able to increase our market share and increase the production in the tune of 
around 35% to 40% in the long product business because B2C is extremely interesting segment 
in the long product once you have a brand you are able to create more value and the sustainability 
factor is also extremely stable so this is our plan and since we are increasing our palette capacity 
and the sponge iron capacity is also adding up so as of now I can tell you like it is going to be 
little premature on my end to define anything on the sponge iron but yes whatever we have 
committed as on date on the sponge iron side it is going to be more or less we are going to have 
the same capacity and would like to wait for one year because the company focus is more on the 
value addition how we can add more value to the iron what we are making how to integrate into 
the more realization and see that more and more sustainability in the systems in the terms of 
better EBITDA better margin and the value-added products is there. Thank you. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great. Thanks for the elaborate answer. I will come back in the queue. Thank you and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Prashanth Kumar Kota from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prashanth Kumar Kota: Sir good evening and thanks for the opportunity. This is the follow-up from the previous 
question. I am sure you will have a business plan for the year. If you could give the volume, 
volumes across product volume guidance on the product across products ferrochrome, the 
aluminium foil, pellets, sponge iron, intermediaries and finished steel. If you could give the 
broad, yes I agree that the mix could be vary based on the market conditions and what you want 
to sell etc. Broadly the volume guidance will be helpful. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See in the terms of the sponge iron this year we are going to add around close to around 0.4 lakh 
ton this year we are going to add in the sponge iron, pellet we have committed that by September 
2023 we will be commissioning 2.4 million ton, but the way the project is going on. I am very 
optimistic that we might be at out of 2.4 in one of the sites we can add 1.2 million ton of pellet 
additional this year as well. Ferroalloy it is more on the value on the low carbon ferrochrome. So 
this is going to add not a very substantial because a very high value added product of Rs.2, 
Rs.2.5 lakh a ton this is also going to add around 10000 tons a year and apart from the long 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
product I have very well specified like what we are planning to add around between 0.4 to 0.5 
lakh tons of long product we are going to add and that is all I think. 
Prashanth Kumar Kota: Sir now just coming to realizations of your brand now you have tied up with Mr. Salman Khan as 
a brand ambassador etc., but the product realizations when we compare to what Tata Steel, does 
or Jindal does etc., where are we now? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See there are different categories but it is very difficult. In every different region the prices are 
different but I would say in comparison with Tata Steel yes we must be around Rs.2000, Rs.2500 
per ton the price must be the difference must be that. But in comparison with the regular TMT 
manufacturer our prices were around Rs.3000 to Rs.4000 net of all the marketing expense and all 
these a lot of schemes are there in the network area. So our realization is better. 
Moderator: 
As there is no response from the current participant. We will move on to the next, that is from the 
line of Pratim Roy from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pratim Roy: 
Congratulations Sir for the good set of numbers. I have only one question. Right now that 
globally the metal prices seeing some correction. So if this correction continues means how far it 
can go and how much it is sustainable for the margin front means whether we can maintain the 
margin with what we have reported in this quarter or what we can expect the downside risk on 
the margin if you can throw some light on that part. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See today if you ask me we are in a very, very extreme conditions like nobody knows about the 
geopolitical issues which is happening around there is a disruption everywhere but when we see 
from these kind of core industry we have to look on the annual side like you remember last year 
we had gone through a very tough pandemic year last second quarter and everything was in the 
Shafto condition but still in spite of that we revived at the third quarter, fourth quarter, so these 
are all temporary phase it will not be absolutely from my end to predict anything but yes as 
Shyam Metalics we all know that we are on the bed of the raw material we are very comfortable 
our market is within 500 kilometers we sell more than 80% we have a decent amount of an 
export businesses also to size and derisk our portfolio and we are like a FMCG company in metal 
none of the company we can say that is like Shyam Metalics will beat we are in pellets, we are in 
sponge, we are in billets, we sell wire rods, we sell TMT , we sell structures, we are in aluminum, 
we are getting into a speciality steel product, we are in ferroalloy. So this is the most this time 
model if I see from any of the metal company it is not just like one product that we are dependent 
on the imported coke which is going to come from Australia and it is so volatile. So we have a lot 
of advantage but yes from the business point of view, from the market point of view we are all 
governed by the demand and supply and with the kind of inflation which is going up we all know 
that the things are slowing down but it is a part of a business like we cannot always compare one 
quarter or one and a half quarter we have to see throughout the year but from the sustainability 
point of view I do not see there is a big challenge might be there is some little bit of squeeze in 
the margin which happens in every industry but in comparison with the peers or in any metal 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
space if you see the advantage what we have very rare or maybe I think we are only the one 
which has such a good advantage. 
Pratim Roy: 
We can assume that the spread will be maintained in the near-term right. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Sorry. 
Pratim Roy: 
We can assume that the spread will be maintained in the near-term so in maybe one quarter there 
is some downside is possible. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We are expecting 100% because you are increasing your capacity, you are optimizing your cost a 
lot of other value is also going to be add, but yes I improve I feel that yes there will be a decent 
amount of spread and since get into a pandemic situation we do not know maybe we come across 
with a different geopolitical issues or maybe some China issues and all which is happening. 
Otherwise things does not look bad. 
Pratim Roy: 
Thank you Sir I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Arijit Datta from Kotak 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Arijit Datta: 
Hi! Sir, thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions operator if you feel that I am 
exceeding the time stop me anytime. The first question served on the Ramsarup acquisition. So 
we are spending almost like 400 Crores as a initial acquisition cost although we have said that 
one, two years there will be no big Capex coming in but in order to make the plant up and 
running including working capital, including the Capex that we will be putting it what additional 
cost that we can envisage as of now not any expansion just to make the plant restart because I 
believe the plants were shut for many years. That is the first question. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See this was a plant which was being done by Nikon and yes the plant has been closed for pretty 
long time I think it was more than seven, eight years the plant was under shutdown so we need to 
do all the repairs and all but I do not think the Capex is going to be very large because first focus 
of the organization will be to resume the operations by doing the modifications and all but now 
hardly I think so if we talk maybe if we at all do all the due diligence and everything it is not 
going to be on a very large cost, but it is too preliminary for me at this point of time to comment 
because we just got the letter from the NCLT and we have not send our engineers to see but 
while three years, three and a half years before when we evaluate it. We just emphasize that it 
should be around 200 Crores will be spend on the repairs and uplifting the complete some 
modifications and all. So that is also was a very, very initial figure which will be going in further 
detail and doing some cuts and cross so it is not a major cost very small cost. 
Arijit Datta: 
250 and should we take around 200 more for working capital. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
It is just a thought process what we did three and a half years before so maybe 200 Crores. It will 
not be appropriate for me to, on the assumption I am saying you cannot saying that it may be 300 
Crores or maybe 150 Crores but it will take time. We need to do a proper due diligence with our 
technical consultant to use a lot then only I will be able to share all the details. 
Arijit Datta: 
Make sense. Thank you Sir. The second question is on the cost FY2021, FY2022 we were just 
amazing in terms of how you anticipated the cost rise and you took lot of inventory both in iron 
ore and coal this quarter we already started seeing sign of increase in that but since we have the 
old inventory and the current prices the gap is huge do you see next quarter, I mean, starting from 
this quarter Q1, Q2 do you want to say that the cost increase will be bit sharp because we are 
replenishing the old inventory and the current inventory would be high, I mean, if the benefit that 
we got in last two years will be reversing in a steep way kind of thing if you can separate coal 
and iron that would be even helpful. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Definitely , because at this point of time you are right there will be some changes and we are also 
predicting that, but the market has to also absorb it because the things cannot remain like this. 
We are at a very, very geopolitical crisis situation. So things has to resume and the best of the 
advantage what our company enjoy is that we are not based on the coking coal we are based on 
the non-coking coal and we are on the coal bed. So I think maybe one quarter or maybe one and a 
half quarter maybe some kind of a little pressure is there or could be there but I do not see that it 
will have any mid-term or long-term effect things have to resume and fall in the place where it 
has to, it was operating. 
Arijit Datta: 
I do appreciate the mid-term and long-term guidance but if you can be a bit more details in the 
current quarter and the next quarter number for example what was the coal and iron ore cost in 
Q4 and what is building up now because we must be having the inventory so what number for 
example last quarter say around 7000 was the coal cost this quarter we think around 9000 will be 
the coal cost something like: that what delta we can see a bit more specific will be really helpful. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I think I will be not in a very practical situation to share this thing right now with you because 
things are changing every day and we are sitting on the inventory and all but yes the price is 
going to change so maybe I will ask my office to make a note and then we can share it or we can 
again have a con call because I do not want to comment anything which I am not very 100% sure 
at this point of time but from the trend point of view yes coal is not going to go further up that I 
can assure you because the coal has gone up because of the huge crisis of energy number one, 
there was a disruption in the supply from the international market like Indonesia and other 
countries and all because of various reasons. So a lot of coal from the coal belt was going to be 
on the part of the power plant. So there had been a panic in the market where the prices have 
gone up, but now since because of these so much heat and summer the energy demand has gone 
up so that was one of the reason but now since the monsoon is going to be next month and a lot 
of hydro projects are going to be active and the heat is also going to be subtle. So a lot of demand 
on the energy front is also going to come down. So if you see direct prices what it was now doing 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
between Rs.17, Rs.18 a unit has come down to around an average of Rs.7 to Rs.8 or maybe Rs.9 
at times. So the trend is quite going to come down so it is coming down so the prices of the coal 
definitely is not going to go further up it will come down and when we are talking of the iron ore 
prices if you see the iron ore prices which was there in the last quarter and now the iron ore 
prices correction has already happened 30% so the prices in the iron ore is also going to go down 
further because the pressure of the coal is coming on the iron ore and because of the Brazil Rio 
Tinto mines and all which has become very operational resumed and all and other mines have 
also opened. I see I do not see a very big pressure from the iron ore front on the price is 
concerned. 
Arijit Datta: 
Perfect thanks we will wait for further details as you said we will get back but just one 
clarification you mentioned that coal not going further up does it mean the coal prices in the 
market or our coal cost I mean due to the inventory, you are talking of the market right. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I am talking about the market our coal cost I said I will be able to only… I am talking about the 
general perception I am not sitting with 100% data and I do not want to comment anything which 
is not rationale it is one of the reason. So maybe next time if you can send me a questionnaire 
before I would love to make it, but very intellectual question I appreciate. Thank you. 
Arijit Datta: 
On the retail venture now you Are focusing on B2C so my experience when I go to east when we 
travel first we say the political hoardings and after that if I can see any hoardings that is the steel 
sector holding I mean in number of brand everybody’s and those like some of the other biggest 
top film stars or the top cricketers every brand has come or the other. In this overcrowded market 
we are going to set a new team spending on advertisement although another big start is added to 
that list of Salman Khan of star. Do you see that it may end up like a more competition and 
without much reward and another problem we have that we have another brand which is also 
named Shyam although we sell at SEL and the Tiger as I saw in the presentation but there can be 
a brand confusion also some thought on it how much you are confident about that, it is still 
venturing because we did wonderfully well targeting the B2B segment. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Shyam Metalics today is a conglomerate number one and I do not want to discuss about the 
second brand and the size of the other company. Now we are forgetting one thing that today the 
demand in the steel is growing around 6% to 7% every year and the major development which is 
happening in our country is in the rural economy the market is increasing, the demand is 
increasing, yes, there is a challenge it is not easy to develop a brand establish a network market 
and all but we are also a very, very old brand and very, very subtle and established company 
from the prospect of the cost from the thrust point of view and from the brand point of view we 
just need to penetrate little more harder I would say that we are not a company which is coming 
into a new space we are not doing any Greenfield expansion whether we are doing all Brownfield 
expansion in the brand activity. So yes there has to be a cost and there is a cost also but it is not 
that substantial like you have to set up everything and that kind of decision time is going to be 
some kind of a disadvantage for your company and all but yes it takes time today whether you 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
sell color sheet or you sell anything in the Indian market if it is not a techie or there is a 
competition everywhere the advantage what we enjoy is a trust today we are a very well 
established company, the company with the highest trust and the good reputation best product or 
maybe one of the best product so it takes time but today we are selling you are seeing the result 
we are selling in the same market the result is in front of you, you have seen what kind of an 
advantage what you have in your company you have your own railway siding, you are selling 
everything within 400, 500 kilometers from your plant, you make the skill from the iron side you 
have your own captive power plants. So you have your own specialty alloy to add the steel so 
many advantage is there which is helping us to reduce the cost and selling the material at a higher 
price under the brand value under the network value so it is okay I do not see any kind of a 
challenge and today we have hired PWC for the further engagement in the branding activity all 
the best consultant like BCG and Renault they are the part of our excellence program. So, so 
many things are happening actually today we have never stated that till now like any time like we 
have cut down the production because of the constraint of any raw material or any kind of a 
constitute on the demand side and all I have really no concern on this and since the market is 
growing they are very geographically we are very well located plant we are in the pan India 
market it is not that we are only on the one market we have an export revenue so many things are 
you are exporting your steel, it is so much mix of the advantage is there I do not see and brand 
cost is very, very low cost in the overall balance sheet what we are spending and to grow in the 
time to come it is not the luxury but it is the necessity that once we are targeting to be the world 
class player in the steel sector we need to have everything world class we have to have a world-
class brand ambassador the world-class product and the rest of the team to work with us. Thank 
you. 
Arijit Datta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Hi! Thanks for taking my question again. I have a question on working capital, if we see end of 
the year inventory has almost doubled payments have also gone up although on receivable side if 
you look at receivable days they have gone down significantly. So I just wanted to understand the 
key drivers of this whether it is coal cost or why have inventory doubled w and it is supported by 
payables also. So how do we see working capital going ahead that is the first question? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Can I ask Deepak to reply on this. I know how to make steel boss, financials and all. let the 
financial people also share with you. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: If you see in our financials our inventory level is increased from 1000 Crores to 2000 Crores it is 
mainly because of creating the inventory more as you all are aware that in the last year financial 
when there was a Covid the scenario is there so we are keeping our inventory level is very low 
but in this current financial year we are enhancing our inventory level to some extent from the 
last year and also the price of input is higher that is why our inventory from the last year is 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
higher. Second one as far as working capital is concerned you are always maintaining our 
working capital within the range of 50% of our average utilization we will be definitely keeping 
this side for going forward. 
Amit Dixit: 
And payable days are also up so have you got anything? 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: Yes, as far as creditors for capital growth is concerned around 1193 Crores, out of this 1193 
Crores 857 Crores is basically the LC payment which is affected LC against the procurement of 
coal and manganese ore and which will be paid over a period of time. 
Amit Dixit: 
857 Crores. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: Yes, 857 Crores on account of coal and manganese ore. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is essentially you touched on the split of cash that is 75% for growth Capex 
15% has retained earnings and the rest as dividend.. Now we are already cash rich company and 
going ahead from whatever volume growth you have mentioned and the avenue for growth your 
cash flow will only increase and our Capex as we mentioned 1100 Crores to 1200 Crores maybe 
for a couple of years more so your cash balance will keep on increasing now what are you going 
to do with that will it be enhanced returns to shareholders beyond 10% we can see or will it be 
some more inorganic acquisitions like value accretive acquisitions like Ramsarup Industry. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We have done an execution in Ramsarup lot of expansion is already has been earmarked which is 
going on and lot of other modification plans and other upgradations plans are also in the pipeline 
which we have not shared now. I think we would like to add more value in the company to 
enhance the greater value to the shareholder but yes from the dividend point of view last year I 
think we did around 10.75% of the total net profit what we generated so maybe in the time to 
come see the expansion plan if it is the need of the company we would like to invest more but we 
would not like to go below what we had promised and if we see that there is no major expansion 
plan coming up and there is a lot of capital which is getting accumulated definitely we would like 
to share this thing with our shareholders. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay great Sir that was very helpful. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Abhijit Mitra from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Thanks for taking my question. I think while we appreciate that you cannot share the coal cost 
maybe if you can share the procurement that you are doing right now I mean how much import 
you are doing and how much is coal India sort of supplying on a quarterly basis or on a monthly 
basis I think some numbers on that would be greatly helpful how was Q4 and how does Q1 looks 
like in terms of volumes of coal that you are procuring and how much of that volume coal India 
is supplying and how much you have to import right now. If you can tell that and secondly just to 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
clarify on the payout what we understood is that as a percentage payout of 10%, 11% that is the 
base level payout that we will see and it will increase if cash FCF increases, FCF post Capex 
increases post growth Capex increases. So these are the two questions. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Presently there has been a very different situation because of the energy sector movement of all 
the coal from the subsidiaries to the power plants and all but yes on an average I can tell you 
around 35% to 40% we are importing coal to meet out our requirement because all the 
government sectors right now is focusing the coal to the powerhouses which is going to be 
resumed as I rightly said and related to the dividend also I am very clearly specified like we did 
an EBITDA of around 1724 Crores this year correct Deepak if I am not mistaken. 
Deepak Kumar Agarwal: Yes. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
And the payout was around 186-odd Crores right if it is correct. So if the time comes and if you 
see there is no major expansion happening in the company and we have enough cash definitely 
we would love to increase more dividend payout but all depends on the need of the cash for the 
expansion and the growth of the company but yes as a good governance and the participation of 
our respective dear shareholders and expectations we would like to be very confined that we are 
going to be always a dividend paying company and whatever we have shared our thought earlier 
in the terms of the capital allocation the dividend is one of the part we are going to be very much 
within the discussion what we had. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Yes, great. Just to understand this 35% to 40% import it was there in Q4 also or in Q4 it was 
lower of coal I meant. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
It must be a little lower. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
And just to understand one last thing there are two types of coal which is available one is a $150 
coal from Russia and the rest is that $300, $400 coal from Indonesia and the rest of the world. So 
is the mix being matched by these two sources or we are sort of only looking at that $300, $400 
coal  while importing. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, we have not imported any $300 coal our import of the coal has been in the level of around 
$220 to $230 we have not tried Russia now because there were a lot of issues happening with the 
Russian coal because of the quality and all which has not actually been established but yes we are 
going to take a try of that material very recently and then we would like to enter into a Russian 
coal. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Got it so if that happens probably some relief can come. Okay got it that is all from my side. 
Thanks. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar Sir and thank you for all the clarification. If you could just dwell slightly on the 
structure of the deal for Ramsarup why was it structured through the subsidiary route in part what 
is the advantage of going in in the format and not directly from the parent company itself. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
This transaction this expression of interest was given three and a half year before which is before 
the IPO and there was that time seeing the market situations and all there were a lot of concerns 
on the issue of the projects and all. So that was something which was strategized three, three and 
a half year before and which was under the legal litigation and which we got the award just last 
week. It is under a company, under an SPV Shyam. So for this we had a partner we have a 
consortium partner who holds 40% and Shyam Metalic hold 60% and so an SPV company was 
formed and for that the investment also was like we do not have to invest so much money and 
some advantage also we technically also enjoy with the other consortium partner in some special 
feed so that was one of the reason and also to avoid too much of competition and to avoid the 
maximization of value that was also one of the strategy which we planned three, three and a half 
year, if we see the asset prices have gone 3x we are all know so that was one of the reason. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And currently the utilization level across the pellet portfolio what have been our utilization levels 
for the last quarter and for the year as a whole. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We are maintaining around between 85% and 90%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
This is what we are also there for post the exit of the March quarter also when we generally said 
before the monsoon the demand picks up and then there is a languish period because of the onset 
of monsoon. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See the average. There are many plans, I will not be able to spell you right now each and every 
part. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay Sir and the point was post the exit of the March quarter generally it is found that before the 
onset of monsoon the demand is on the higher side but because of this raw material fluctuations 
and other factors there is some weakening of demand that is currently in the system so if you 
could throw some more light on the current steel market and the products currently which is of 
our product portfolio. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See till April the market was behaving very, very nicely everything was on the peak but from last 
15 days there has been some slowdown, there has been like if you see the price has slide in last 
15 days will be major if you see, because of the high inflation and there is a concern on the cost 
side is concern. So all the contractors and all they had some issues that till March they have to 
complete the project so they have done this maybe they are waiting for some kind of a 
corrections. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So there is a significant slacking of demand that we are observing for this month. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, there is some slowdown in the demand no 100%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last point is for forward integration are we looking for DIP also DIP pipe I saw it in your 
annual report representation and all so for forward integration part… 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Since there is small investment was planned of around 200 Crores in 2024-2025. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So we are progressing in that front. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, we have a plan and we will be going for that but we have time now we have not yet started 
because we need to complete this after our blast furnace production but yes definitely 2024-2025 
we have a DI plant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
2024-2025 that is a long way as of now. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
And very small capital outlay is there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Then what is the objective of going forward Sir, if it is a small plant and still two, three years 
down the line. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
The plant is small, for us it is a very low capex because we already putting up a blast furnace, 
filter everything is there coke oven and all so we just need to put a downstream facility it was not 
a very major capex whether for our extra iron making whatever we could convert as a value 
addition was a strategy putting up on planning this DI plant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the nameplate capacity? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Sorry. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the capacity we are envisaging for the DIP? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
It was around 2 lakh tons. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Super, thanks you for this reply. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Amanjeet Singh from 
Oculus Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amanjeet Singh: 
I just wanted to check on the acquisition our 40% partner have we engaged in any dialogue on 
the quantum that they are willing to infuse or has anything changed for them in the last three and 
a half years. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No it is all what we decided before. 

 
 
 
 
       Shyam Metalics And Energy Limited 
May 19, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Amanjeet Singh: 
So they are still on-boarded in the project completely right. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, very much and they also invested money like out of the total somewhat 380 Crores or 350 
Crores they have invested their proportion of 40%. 
Amanjeet Singh: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Nachiket Kale, Orient Capital for his closing comments. Mr. Nachiket Kale please proceed. 
Nachiket Kale: 
Thanks everybody, thanks for participating on this call. We really like to thank the management 
again for sparing the time and all the investors and analysts for the interactive session and all the 
interesting questions. For any other queries please feel free to get in touch with us and we are 
also planning a plant visit to explore and understand the state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities 
of the company. So we can further discuss that separately. So once again I would like to thank 
the management and all participants’ on the call. Have a nice day. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you everyone. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
