NAVA.BHARAT VENTURES LIMITED 
NAVA BHARAT CHAMBERS, RAJ BHAVAN ROAD, HYDERABAD- 500 082. TELANGANA, INDIA 
NBV /SECTL/97/2022-23 
May 23,2022 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
NSE Symbol : 'NBVENTURES' 
Dear Sirs, 
Dept. of Corp.Services 
BSELimited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: '513023'/'NBVENTURE' 
Sub:Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors. 
--oOo--
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors I Analysts held on 
May 1 7, 2022 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2022. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
for Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
VSNRaju 
Company Secretary 
& Vice President 
Encl : as above 
Telephone : (040) 23403501, 23403540, e Fax: (080) 66886121 
E-mail 
: nbvl@nbv.in 
Website: www.nbventures.com 
Corporate Identity No: L27101TG1972PLC001549 

CAPITAL 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Nava Bharat Ventures Conference call 
Event Date I Time 
Event Duration 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. Ashwin Devineni 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. GRK Prasad 
Executive Director 
Mr. Nikhil Devineni 
Senior Vice President 
Mr. Sultan A Baig 
ChiefFinancial Officer 
Mr. VSN Raju 
Company Secretary & Vice President 
~.· 
. 
17/05/2022, II :00 HRS 
52 mins 23 sees 
;: 
'.':rr~inscript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
,r' 
- 1-

Moderator 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, I am Moumita, moderator for the conference call. As 
reminder, all participants will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star(*) and then zero (0) on your touch tone telecom. 
Please note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Mohit 
Kumar from DAM Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar 
Thank you, Moumita. On behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome you all to the Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Call ofNava Bharat Ventures Limited. From the management side, we have Mr. Ash win Devineni 
CEO, Mr. Sultan A Baig, CFO, Mr. GRK Prasad, Executive Director, Mr. VSN Raju, Company 
Secretary & Vice President and Mr. Nikhil Devineni, Senior Vice President. Without much delay, 
I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Ashwin Devineni for the opening remarks, which will be follo\ved 
by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Ashwin Devineni 
Thank you Mohit, and very good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for our year end 
and quarter 4 results discussion. I hope everyone is keeping safe. I believe all \vould have gone 
through our results and press release. It is particularly gratifying to be celebrating the company's 
golden jubilee when the business outlook looks promising. Our FY22 standalone performance is 
a testimony of our resilience strenuously built over the last five decades, and over several 
commodity cycles. I will begin the session by giving a quick run through of our businesses and 
corporate plans. 
The manganese alloy business reported robust growth during FY22 on the back of extreme high 
demand from the steel industry coupled with advanced procurement of manganese ore. 
The onset of the 60 MW IPP from June 2021, brought about resurgence in the Odisha Works. 
The Company's subsidiaries secured exploration rights on a manganese ore concession in Ivory 
Coast, West Africa, affording further value and opportunities. 
, Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
-2-

A significant margin play in the po,ver business was seen with spurts in IEX rates and short-term 
trades, though coal cost and availability will continue to retnain a major concern. 
The Zambian coal mining business attained traction \Vith higher volume and better realisations. 
The Zambian subsidiary expects a lasting solution on the power offtake front to emerge soon 
paving way for sustainable business and Capex. 
The 300 MW power plant is running at full capacity post the major overhaul of the two units in 
Zambia. 
The monetization efforts concerning the land assets of the company got revived through a 
favourable judicial order in Telangana aside from regulatory clearance in Andhra Pradesh. 
I trust that all of you have gone through the detailed statements of the financial results filed with 
the stock exchanges and uploaded on our website. I will now look forward to an active interaction 
with all of you on this call for any further clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Press 
*and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Sir, our first question comes 
from Mr. Srinivasa Rao Mandava, individual investor, please go ahead, sir. 
Srinivasa Rao Mandava 
What is the state of our arbitration proceedings and what grounds they have gone for appeal in the 
interim Arbitration A ward? 
Ashwin Devineni 
As you probably kno\v, there was an interim order for about $250 million, which they have 
appealed but discussions are currently underway with ZESCO to recover that amount. As regards 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 3-

the grounds for appeal, I think the matter is in the middle of arbitration, so I'm not at liberty to talk 
about the particulars and details of arbitration on this call. 
Moderator 
Our next question is from Mr. Bharat H Shah, an individual investor. 
Bharat H Shah 
The management in the last 40-50 years has created a good infrastructure in our country. So, in 
future whether we're going for a big expansion in India because there is a lot of scope in power 
sector and other our related activities. Could you please tell us in detail about this? 
Ash"rin Devineni 
I think as a company in the last 40-50 years, we did create a lot of value and we have a fairly 
significant presence in India. In terms of expansion, we're always looking at new opportunities 
where we weigh out the benefits and also the risks. So, if there are new promising opportunities 
and synergies to currently what we do, then we will definitely explore it, irrespective of location. 
Moderator: The next question from Mr. Prem Patel from DAM Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Prem Patel: Firstly, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So, my question to you is, 
how much coal are you expecting to sell in Zambia for FY23? 
Ash win Devineni: I think what \Ve have forecasted for this year is about 40,000 tons on a monthly 
basis in terms of outside sales, meaning not selling to our power plant but to outside customers. 
Prem Patel: Okay. And sir, how are the realisations for ferro alloys and what is the outlook for 
2023? 
Nikhil Devineni: The realizations for ferro alloys for FY22 have been outstanding. The average 
realization per metric ton was up 42% over the preceding year. Going forward, fortunately, we 
have made a lot of advance bookings for which we are essentially sold out for Q 1 and even in Q2 
we have very limited quantities available. In the near term, the outlook looks good and moreover 
-
· .. 
'-" 
Trans,ar~~t-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
~-; 
-.· .,~ 
~-
,.~·- -·~-:...~~· 
-4-

30% of our production is linked up \Vith a large Japanese consumer on fixed indexed basis. So, 
that insulates us from any major volatility in the tnarket going forward. 
Moderator: Next questioJ!. from Mr. Gunat Singh from Counter Cyclic PMS. Please go ahead, sir. 
Gunat Singh: We have just discussed about the realisations of ferro alloys, and we know that the 
coal prices are also at an all-time high. So, can we discuss the price trend of coal prices, coal 
realisation basically, and what we expect them to be in the corning quarters? 
Ash win Devineni: The Zambian coal scenario has to be looked frmn the aspect of Zambia being 
landlocked and we can only service the customers in and around Zambia, especially good access 
to the neighbouring countries. In that respect, the pricing limitation exists. We however have a 
good price realisation in that particular aspect, and \Ve expect that price to be insulated from all 
market fluctuations, as had happened earlier too when the coal prices were fluctuating, there was 
no change in Zambian coal sale realisation. So that way, you could expect a steady revenue line 
so as coal sales are concerned in Zambia. 
Gunat Singh: Is there some trend in terms of the coal prices, so when we say the prices are 
isolated, so is the global coal price going high? 
Ash win Devineni: Yeah, that is what I was trying to tell you. The global coal price trends don't 
have any impact on Zambian coal prices, for a simple reason the Zambian coal can't be brought to 
export with the logistic cost becoming a major threat. So, though the coal prices across the world 
have been going up and there has been a steady price line as far Zambian coal operations are 
concerned. 
Gunat Singh: All right. I have another question. We discussed about the situation in terms of the 
recovery of $250 million from the Zambian government. So, in terms of that, do we have any 
expectations, like, with regards to the recovery, that when we expect the payment, or any progress 
made in that scenario? 
Ash win Devineni: One thing to note here is that liquidity issue with the utility and the government 
as it stands. But on a positive note, I think once the new government took over and even the new 
management of the utility has taken over, we see quite a bit of light at the end of the tunnel because 
what we've seen is a proactive approach from then1 to actually say, vve want to resolve the situation 
Transcript -
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 5-

both in terms of the arrears and in terms of moving forward \Vith the prospective tariff. What we 
hear are that effmis are underway for the utility and the government to secure some loans, large 
financing to liquidate a lot of these arrears. Nothing has been materialized yet, but we are in a 
constant discussion \Vith the utility now in terms of them, paying us what they owe. 
Moderator: We have the next question from Mr. Hanish All uri, he is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Hanish Alluri: How much top-line growth can we expect from mining in FY23? 
GRK Prasad: I think, there seems to be a little confusion about this coal scenario in Zambia. Let 
me make it very clear, the coal sales in Zambia happen in and around Zambia and the top line 
growth has a certain limitation because of the landlock situation in Zambia. It is not comparable 
to any other mineral, any high-value mineral like copper where some investors tend to do that kind 
of comparison. You must be able to understand that the coal dynamics are totally different from 
that of the copper. So, land lock situation of the Zambian subsidiary makes it inevitable that we do 
the geographical sale in and around Zambia and perhaps to the neighbouring countries. So that 
way, the top line growth will have that limitation as Ashwin indicated. We expect the ramp-up of 
saJes to be about 40K every month with same kind of price realisation as had happened last year. 
Moderator: Next question from Mr. Amanjeet Singh from Oculus Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Amanjeet Singh: What are the discontinued operations that are disclosed? 
Sultan A. Baig: You may be aware that about two years back, we had shut down our sugar plant 
operations in Samalkot. 
Amanjeet Singh: Okay. 
Sultan A. Baig: We had been running the sugar plant business, but we discontinued that, and we 
are in the process of disposing those assets. So, the discontinued operations profit is from the 
recent money being realised in the disposal of the assets. 
Moderator: The next question from Sonali Rao, SR Equity Advisors, please go ahead. 
Transcript -
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 6-

Son ali Rao: Congratulations for the amazing set of numbers. So, my question to you is that, one 
long and uncertain area is our MCL po\ver plant, so hovv is management tackling \Vith that and 
we aren't seeing any progress being made there. We are continuing the operations without cash 
coming in. So, what would be the infliction point wherein manage1nent would take a call off 
operations wherein an investor becomes viable? 
Ash\vin Devineni: I think, you know, two things. One is from the time that I think the new 
government was formed and the new management of the utility took over, we have seen significant 
progress, \Vhich I did reiterate, I think on a previous question on the area of the arbitration taking 
care of it, but on the prospective tariff moving forward, we've actually made a lot of progress to 
the extent that we are getting various shareholders' approval to formalize probably a new 
arrangement, which we will disclose once ies closed. 
So, that will actually take care of the Maamba Collieries operations moving forward and where 
shareholders and our partners could possibly see dividends flowing through. Apart from that, 
although we have been running and continuing operations for the past fe\v years, one thing to note 
is we are also involved in the operations and maintenance of the Company. And we do see revenue 
flowing in through the operations and maintenance of the power plant at Maamba which is being 
done essentially through one of our subsidiaries. 
Son ali Rao: 0 kay. 
Ash win Devineni: I think in a nutshell, the picture looks a lot better than it probably looked during 
the last investor call. We've made significant traction, but unfortunately certain developments, we 
cannot disclose at this point of time until we receive all shareholders approval 
Moderator: We have a follow up question from Mr. Srinivasa Rao Mandava, Individual Investor, 
please go ahead, sir. 
Srinivasa Rao Mandava: In the investor presentation, it is mentioned that the management is 
foreseeing a very good demand for MFCs in Southern Africa. Are we allowed to use the Maamba 
coal mine for the production of power in other countries in and around Zambia? 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
-7-

Ashwin Devineni: Yeah, so the short answer to that is yes. There's something called the Southern 
African Po\ver Pool, which is basically a network that connects all the Southern African countries. 
In fact, in continuation to probably the previous question, \Ve see a lot of opportunity arising 
because not only in South Africa, but also in Zambia, Congo, and so on, a lot of companies are 
increasing copper production and melting, which requires a lot of po\ver. So, we are seeing a 
scenario now where demand for power is increasing tremendously in that region, but the supply is 
very limited. We see that as an opportunity for our power plant, and we can really utilize it by 
selling power to other Southern African nations using the Southern African Power Pool. 
Srinivasa Rao Mandava: One more follow-up question, what is the plan of our monetisation in 
the 64 acres land. 
Ash win Devineni: The ULC court case is something that we've been fighting for quite a long time. 
And we're glad to announce that the verdict has come in our favour, so as a company, we are 
looking to monetize this asset. As you probably know that it is very large parcel of land, so the 
monetization of that could take a little time. I think once that is done as a Company, you know, we 
would plan on utilizing that money definitely to take certain corporate actions to improve 
shareholders value and also the fund for growth capital, of our existing verticals and the new 
verticals that we are getting into. 
Srinivasa Rao: What about Dharmavaram land? 
Ashwin Devineni: Dharmavaram land unfortunately, there Is no much progress and there's 
nothing for us to report. 
Srinivasa Rao Mandava: What about the 20 MW power unit over there? Is it operational? 
Ashwin Devineni: No, unfortunately, that is not operational, because of high coal prices, but 
we're still looking for ways to operationalize it. 
Moderator: Next question is from Ms. Monika Arora, from Globe secure. Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora: Congratulations on good set of numbers and also, many, many congratulations to 
you for your land parcel getting cleared. So, I just wanted to understand what could be the 
Transcript-:-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
-8-

realizable value for the land parcel, and by what time we can see the realisation coming in our 
books? 
Ash,vin Devineni: In terms of the value, I think is little bit premature to say that. We are involving 
a couple of large real estate brokers, and I think it's still in the initial stages because the verdict 
recently has come out. And in terms of time lines, like I just said, it will take a little time given the 
size of the parcel. So, it may take a year or two, but as a company, we are doing our best to monetize 
it in the quickest possible time. 
Monika Arora: Okay and my second question is, have we received our partial award from ZESCO 
of like $250 million, and are we currently supplying them? Are we still supplying them, given that 
they have dishonoured our payments? Just wanted to get a clarity on that. 
Ash,vin Devineni: Well, yeah. With respect to first question, no, we've not received $250 million 
because they've also challenged the interim award of $250 million. But discussions are currently 
underway between our company and ZESCO in terms ofho\V they plan on paying the $250 million. 
That process is currently underway in court and out of courts. In terms of continuing to operate the 
power plant, I think we must realize that it's not like we're not getting anything from ZESCO. 
On a monthly basis, we get about $11 n1illion to $11.5 million every month from ZESCO, which 
is not the full payment of the bills, but it is a significant amount, which at least helps us to continue 
running our operations and servicing interest. Now, discussions with ZESCO are undenvay, and 
they have advanced very well to figure out a win-win situation for a prospective workable tariff. 
So tomorrow onwards, there are no defaults in terms of the monthly billing. And I think as it stands 
right now, for the total amount billed, we have received 55% of what we have billed from ZESCO. 
So, the amount outstanding is about 45%. 
Moderator: The next question from Mr. Naveen Jain fron1 Florintree Advisors. Please go ahead, 
Slf. 
Naveen Jain: I have a couple of questions. First one is on Zambia operations. So, you mentioned 
that, you know, you're getting around 11 million - 11.5 million USD every month as payment. I 
see that your last quarter revenue is about 84 million USD. So, is it on an ongoing basis, we are 
getting less than 50% of what we are billing from them to the resolution of this? 
Transcript,.,.. Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
-9-

Ashwin Devineni: The 11.5 kind of add has kicked in recently. I think, prior to that, we were 
getting bet\veen eight and nine. ZESCO is slo\vly kind of improving what they pay us on a monthly 
basis. And yes, it is 50% or slightly less of\vhat vve billed. But I think as I previously mentioned, 
our discussions are at very advanced stage with them, in terms of tariff that is workable both for 
ZESCO and for MCL. And I think once that gets all the shareholder approval, we won't be seeing 
any kind of risk, on the monthly payment. 
Naveen Jain: Is there a timeline that one can put a full stop on this discussion because it has been 
ongoing for quite some time? 
Ash·win Devineni: We are very close to resolving it. I don
1t want to give a timeline, but I \Vill say 
just a couple of months away, if not earlier. 
Naveen Jain: Understood. Okay, fair enough. Sir, you know, standalone entity MCs even now \Ve 
are generating good amount of cash, given the cycle, and now we are net cash also. And plus, we 
expect some sort of monetization to happen right from the land bank. So, what is going to be the 
Capex outlook, or the project that we will be looking at, in the standalone entity going forward? 
Ash win Devineni: At a macro level, I think we want to undertake certain corporate actions, which 
will definitely add to the shareholder value. But you know, as a Company now, we finished fifty 
years and we
1re moving to the next stage. We are expanding our existing verticals, to have a very 
dominating presence in the domestic and international market, in terms of what we do. And we are 
also planting seeds in verticals where we see a very good potential and growth opportunity in the 
future. So, all that requires capital. So, I think we are looking at both these avenues to deploy the 
cash that we are currently generating and the cash that will be generated from the monetization 
efforts. 
Naveen Jain: Understood. I think in the last quarter, you mentioned about some foray into 
healthcare if I am not wrong. So, has there been any progress on that front and where will this 
investment come from the stand-alone entity or is it from largely Zambia operation? 
Ashwin Devineni: In terms of the healthcare segment, we are present in this segment in a small 
way \vhere \Ve have been setting up preventive healthcare medical centres. We've set up one, which 
has been very successful. We've been seeing almost 70% growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
And \ve're also in pharmaceutical distribution, some success in niche drug. So, with respect to the 
Transcript ~ Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 10-

clinics, we do plan, and we see that, especially after COVID, where people are a lot more health 
conscious, people are getting themselves clean. And, you know, treating their allergies and their 
deficiencies. We see a big opportunity there and we're looking at probably replicating these 
medical centres in other metropolitan cities. And second question is \Vith regards to funding. The 
initial infusion took place from the parent company, so the Zambian company has nothing to do 
\Vith it. 
Naveen Jain:How much you have invested so far and \Vhat is the plan to invest further into this 
business? That's my last question. 
Ash,Yin Devineni: At this point, the outlay is about $4 million dollars. And we expect ramp-up 
also to happen gradually. Our expectation is that may be about $10 million dollars is what we 
probably invest in ramping up decent number of clinics. 
Naveen Jain: Around $10 million? 
Ash win Devineni: That's right. Could be spread over couple of years? 
Moderator: The next question from Chetan Shah from Jeet Capital, please go ahead, sir? 
Chetan Shah: Just one quick question that you nicely articulated the growth plan and all the other 
things. I just wanted to understand your view on our core business, which is basically ferro and 
power, and also our Zambia business, the kind of cash flow which we are generating, how do you 
see this business shaping up in next three to five years in terms of the Capex pian expansion? A 
big picture apart from the diversification into pharma and other businesses, which you just 
answered the previous analysts. That'd be very helpful. 
GRK Prasad: In terms of the existing businesses, where we have been there for the last few 
decades, our idea is to have a consolidation in terms of integration, and to see that business will 
sustain notwithstanding the market vagaries, which are very typical of this particular industry. And 
as far as expansion is concerned, we are looking at as our colleagues have indicated earlier on, the 
expansion has to come with the kind of input security where the efforts are currently underway. 
Once those are crystallized, the expansion plans also we'll get ratified, thafs the plan. And in terms 
of, you know, sizing or anything, we don't have any specific plan. The idea is that we keep this as 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 11-

the core business activity of the company and look at other areas of growth, which could yield 
regular income stream, irrespective of how the commodity cycles behave. That's the internal plan 
of the company, we would probably come back with more crystallized views on this in the coming 
quarters. 
Chetan Shah: One last follow-up question on that, when you spoke about your non-core business 
and pardon me for using that specific word because this is outside of what we're doing over the 
years, which is a pharma, what kind of capital allocation and opportunity we are looking in that 
part of the business. Being a shareholder just trying to understand that how are we trying to allocate 
the cash flo\V which \Ve generate frmn our businesses to the ne\v business which has a relatively 
better visibility in terms of the consistency, vis-a-vis our commodity business. If you can just 
throw some light on that. 
Ash\vin Devineni: In terms of the non-core businesses, I think the two things that stand out is, one 
is healthcare, and the other thing is also agriculture development where we're looking at growing 
avocados and possibly other crops. The reason we're getting into this, as -vve see a very bright future 
that they are less government-dependent, and they have tremendous amount of export potential, 
especially with respect to the agricultural side. In terms of capital outlay for these, we have to 
come back to you in terms of detailed numbers, but we are probably looking at around $50 million 
to $60 million. But that's spread over duration of time. That essentially, what we're looking at. 
Moderator: The next question from Ms. Abhisri Shah, individual investor, please go ahead. 
Abhisri Shah: Congratulations on excellent set of numbers. Basically, I have two questions. What 
is the roadmap going ahead for the company? Also, what do you see coming forward? 
Ashwin Devineni: As I mentioned previously, we are at a very crucial juncture. We have 
completed 50 years and we're getting to the next stage. In terms of where we are going now is one 
is, we've done very well on our existing verticaL We have a very strong presence, and we plan on 
expanding that presence in other geographies and there are a couple of things that we're looking at 
such as mining in Ivory Coast, the Maamba Collieries plan possibly expanding, and other ventures 
related to what currently we're doing. The second thing is, we discussed this briefly in the previous 
question is planting seeds in verticals, where we see a very promising future and a growth plan 
and in terms of that we
1re pursuing agriculture, avocado gro\vth to be more specific and also the 
healthcare verticaL 
Tra¥lsql1pjJ-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
··• ·~fjl 
- 12-

Abhisri Shah: What's the power status at our Indian operations? What kind of EBITDA per unit 
we are making at this point of time? 
GRK Prasad: The more relevant question would have been \vhat's the cost of coal that is obtained 
in these power plants. But that seems to be absolutely going haywire \Vith the coal companies 
resorting to a kind of a discriminatory pricing, and availability also becoming a major issue for us. 
So, if you consider that the EBITDA margins have been very cotnfortable, but what we see is in a 
specific location wise, \Ve suffer some forbearance on account of this higher coal costs, whereas 
in the other location, at least the Coal India seen1s to be behaving all right. 
Moderator: We'll move on with the next question. It comes from Ms. Monika Arora from 
Globesecure, please go-ahead madam. 
Monika Arora: Thank you for taking my second follow-up question. So, as you mentioned, that 
you are receiving 1 2 million USD every month. So, any backward calculation you have done, 
which you think is a \vin-win situation or let me ask you the other way round, what revised tariff 
rate, you are targeting. Sorry, so just a directional number. Not exact number I want to know. 
Ash"'in Devineni: I'm not going to get into specifics because these discussions and negotiations 
are currently undenvay. But what I can say is definitely I have done calculations when I think what 
we are close to agreeing with the utility and pending all shareholder approval is something that is 
a win-win and a workable solution for both parties. 
Moderator: The next question from Mr. Dwaraka Prasad, he is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
D'varaka Prasad: Congratulations for good set of numbers and for giving me the opportunity. I 
opined that the company has good cash and doing very well now. Is there any immediate plan for 
buyback of shares from the company? 
Ashwin Devineni: There's nothing that we can announce right no\v, as we mentioned previously. 
I think \Ve always endeavour to execute corporate action that will improve shareholder value. The 
Board is deliberating various options and we will let the investors kno\v at the right time. 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 13-

Moderator: V\Te have a follow up question from Mr. Srinivasa Rao Mandava, individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Srinivasa Rao Mandava: Are there any povver purchase agreement for the NBEIL plant and what 
is the source of coal supply to its 150 MW unit in Paloncha. 
Ashwin Devineni : Presently, there are no power purchase agreements that are in place. What we 
have been doing is having power export through lEX. 
Moderator: We have one question from Mr. Vijay P, he is an individual investor, please go ahead, 
Slf. 
Vijay P: My first question is that ferro alloy sales have fallen in Quarter 4 versus Quarter 3. When 
you are saying at the end in Quarter 3 conference call that \Ve have fully sold out the production. 
Why was there a fall in sale of silico manganese from 33,000 in Quarter 4 2021 to 24,000 in 
Quarter 4 2022? 
Nikhil Devineni: Sure, in Quarter 4, we were indeed sold out. But vvhat happened is that there was 
a sharp decrease in the production volumes, owing to a major shutdown that we had to take in 
Quarter 4. So, that's the reason the volumes have come do\vn and as a result, the sales realisation 
also have decreased slightly. 
Vijay P: So, \vhen you're saying they're sold out for Quarter 1 2023, is that problem going to come 
again or we're going to maintain the 125,000 leve! per year? 
Nikhil Devineni: 125,000 is the rated capacity of the plant. Now, in every year, we do have certain 
routine maintenance shutdowns, which are envisaged. To take those into account, the production 
volumes do drop below the basic capacity of the unit, but going forward for FY23, we forecast to 
have a higher production volume than \vhat we did in FY22. 
Vijay P: Okay, next question is from the dividend point, from Rs.90-crore dividend that you paid 
this year against standalone profit of Rs.381 crore and consolidated profit of Rs.573 crores, it 
makes 25% of standalone profit and 15% of consolidated profit. Are these percentages going to be 
maintained in future as we grow? 
Trars<;:ript ~ Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
-14-

Ash\vin Devineni: I think, you know, as a rule that \Ve normally follow for dividend declaration, 
we've been about 20% of standalone profits. I think, you kno\v, given that this is our golden jubilee 
year and the profitability that we have attained, we have declared the dividend. 
Vijay P: So, we are basically this year is roughly about 23%. Is that going to be maintained in 
future? 
Ashwin Devineni: Well, what we plan on maintaining, which is a kind of rule, is about 20% of 
our standalone profits. 
Vijay P: All right. Power shortage in Zambia is what you have said in the earlier talk today, are 
there any plans for the expansion? 
Ashwin Devineni: What we've seen actually in the past few months is something that is very 
promising. We've seen a fair bit of demand, both fron1 the Zmnbian side and from DRC, which is 
one of the biggest copper producing nations in the world. It's too early to see right now, I think \Ve 
need to first resolve the current issue and then have concrete discussions on phase 2. But long story 
short, I don't think \Ve will rule it. 
Vijay P: Exactly. That \Vas a point that I was making. What are the chances that Maamba, MCL 
will be in a Chinese debt trap like Sri Lanka? 
Ashwin Devineni: No, I think you know, we are comparing apples to oranges here. We have been 
servicing the interests that the Chinese lenders are completely a\vare of the situation in fact, they 
are supportive of the situation. We have been discussing \Vith ZESCO in terms of a workable 
solution for which we have advanced a great deal. I don't think it's the same situation as what you 
think of Sri Lanka. 
Vijay P: Let's hope for the best. Manganese ore mine in Ivory Coast. Where is it located and is it 
landlocked? 
Nikhil Devineni: It's not landlocked. Ivory Coast is not a land lock country. And the mine is 
located about 200 kilometres from its capital. 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference calf 
- 15-

Vijay P: My question was with respect to the experience that we are having similar to Simandou 
mine in Guinea which is for last 25 years not becoming operational because it is landlocked. There 
is no access to the mine. There \Vas no such problem with this manganese ore mine, it is accessible 
by road or rail? 
Nilhil Devineni: Yes. You have extretnely good infrastructure, good roads and highways that 
connect the port city. 
Vijay P: Any guideline for when it will be operational? 
Nikhil Devineni: The exploration works are underway right now, we are making good progress 
in that regard. Once we have those data available with us, we can then have a finalized timeline 
for operationalizing the mine. 
Vijay P: My last question, what is the current land price per square meter in Nacharam? 
Ashwin Devineni: Are you asking for the price in Nacharam? 
Vi jay P: Yeah, if I had to buy land in Nacharam, price per square n1eter, that I will have to pay 
commercial? 
Ashwin Devineni: Mr. Vi jay, I'm not a real estate agent unfortunately. So, I mean, I don't want to 
say that prevailing rates. 
Vijay P: All right. Since you've earlier declined to put what will be the realization on 60 acres, 
that's why I'm asking, putting my question in a different way. 
Ashwin Devineni: Yeah, but unfortunately, you know, prices move. I think we are engaging 
experts that do that work and who can get us the best deal. 
Vijay P: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for this call. I would 
now like to handover the floor to the management ofNava Bharat Ventures for closing comments. 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 16-

Ash,vini Devineni 
Hello, everyone. Once again, thank you very much for your participation in the calL I hope \Ve 
have addressed all the queries adequately. And if there's any questions or clarifications that remain 
unanswered, please get back to us and \Ve
1d be more than happy to provide the answers on a wider 
investor platform. Thank you all once again and stay safe. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, with this we conclude our conference call for today. Thank 
you for your participation and for using Door Sabha's Conference call service. You may disconnect 
your lines now. Thank you and have a pleasant day. 
Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks if any, in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
Transcript-
Q4FY22 Earnings Call for Navabharat Ventures Conference call 
- 17-
