f Ava nti 
Aiding Sustainability 
& 
Feeds Limited 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
L. 
May 25, 2022 
The Deputy General Manager 
The Listing Manager 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Exchange Plaza 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051. 
BSE Code: 512573 
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of post earnings Audio Conference Call for Q4 FY22 
Further to our letter dated May 20, 2022, we enclose herewith the transcript of post earnings 
Audio Conference Call for Investors held on May 19, 2022 in connection with Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter / year ended March 
31, 
2022 
and 
the 
same 
is 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.avantifeeds.com 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Avanti Feeds Limited 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director, 
Company Secretary & CFO 
  
Encl: As above 
Registered Office: Flat No.103, Ground Floor, R Square, 
Office: G-2, Concorde 
Apartments, 6-3-658, 
corporate 
: 
: 
Pandurangapuram, Visakhapatnam 
- 530003, 
Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telangana State, India. 
radesh, 
India. 
1 
(40) 23310260 /61 
& +91 (40) 23311604 
Andhra Pra 
i 
Sones ot tect tom 
CIN: L16001AP1993PLC095778 
= avantiho(davantifeeds.com

vanti- 
Feeds Limited 
Y ee 
Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
19'" May, 2022, 04:00 PM IST for a duration of 66 mins 20 secs 
  
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao 
- 
Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO 
Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev 
- 
Executive Director 
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh 
- 
ED - Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited 
Ms. Lakshmi Sharma 
- 
Manager - Corporate Affairs 
7 
 

Moderator 
Good evening, 
ladies and gentlemen. 
| 
am 
Moumita, 
moderator 
for 
the conference 
call. 
Welcome 
to 
the Avanti 
feeds 
limited 
Q4 
FY22 
results 
conference 
call 
hosted 
by 
KFin 
Technologies Limited. We have with us today from the management Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, 
Joint Managing 
Director, 
Mr. 
A. Venkata Sanjeev, Executive Director, 
Mr. 
Alluri 
Nikhilesh, 
Executive Director 
- Avanti Frozen Foods 
Pvt. 
Ltd and 
Ms. 
Lakshmi Sharma, Manager — 
Corporate Affairs. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
* and then 0 on 
your touch tone telephone. Please note this conference is recorded. 
| would now like to hand 
over the floor to the management. Thank you over to you. 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, we extend a warm welcome for this investors conference 
call to review the audited financial results for Q4 FY 22 as well as the audited financial results 
for the financial year 2022. Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev and Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive Directors 
are joining from the respective factories along with me here are, Ms. Lakshmi Sharma and other 
team Mr. K S Reddy and Mr. Muthyam Reddy. The results of Q4 FY22, an audited financial 
result for FY 22 are already with you for some time now and we are sure that you would have 
gone through them. However, 
| would like to share with you some of the key indicators relevant 
for our discussion today. Firstly, let me take up the consolidated financial results for Q4 FY22. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR Q4 FY22: 
The comparative performance of Q4 FY22 with that of Q3 FY22 and Q4 FY21 has been given in 
the presentation already circulated to you all. Gross income in Q4 FY22 is 1,348 Crores as 
compared 
to rupees 21,088 Crores 
in the previous quarter Q3 FY22. An increase of 2260 
Crores by 24%, compared to Q4 FY21 gross income of 21,116 Crores, there is an increase of 
%232 Crores by 21%. The PBT is 2121 Crores in Q4 FY22 as compared to 266 crores in Q3 
FY22 an increase of 255 Crores by 83% and compared to Q4 FY21 PBT of %93 Crores. There 
is an increase of 28 Crores at 30%. The Consolidated results indicate net impact of several 
factors such as increase or decrease in income expenditure and exceptional items etc. Relating 
to 
feed 
and 
frozen 
divisions 
which 
have 
been 
discussed 
separately 
in 
the 
divisional 
performance of these units. 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS 
A. FEED DIVISION - Q4 FY22 RESULTS 
Let me first set up the standalone financial results of the division Q4 FY22 results. 
The gross income for the Q4 FY22 is 1,050 crores as compared to %819 crores in the previous 
quarter of Q3 FY22 increase by 2231 
Crores by 28% mainly increase 
in feed sales due to

January and February season for aquaculture. The gross income 
in Q4 FY22 increased to 
21,050 crores from 900 Crores in the corresponding quarter of Q4 FY21 increased by #150 
crores by 17% mainly due to increase in sales volume and sales price. 
The PBT for the Q4 FY22 is 102 crores as compared to 750 crores in Q3 FY22, an increase of 
%52 crores by 104%. The PBT in Q4 FY22 is increased to 7102 crores from %91 crores in the 
corresponding quarter Q4 FY21 increased by 12%. The significant increase in PBT is due to 
increase in volume of feed sales coupled with increase of feed price. 
Year ended 31% March 2022, 
it is said gross income of %4,108 crores as compared to 73,307 
crores in the previous year, an increase by 24%, increase 
is on account of increase in sales 
volume by 67,439 metric tons, an increase in sales price during the FY22. 
However, the PBT for the FY22 is 2264 as compared to 2404 crores in FY22, a decrease by 
2140 crores by 35%. That is in spite of increase in gross income due to increase in volume of 
feed sales and the feed price, the PBT has come down by 35% compared to the previous year, 
due to steep increase in raw material prices. 
As you know, there are three major raw materials, the Fish Meal, Soyabean Meal and Wheat 
Flour, which significantly impact the RM cost of the feed. 
During FY21, the Fishmeal average price was 93 per kg, went up to 101 per kg in FY22. The 
main reason appears to be shortage in fish catches coupled with large export demand, pushing 
the price upwards. 
Similarly, the price of Soyabean meal also increased steeply 
in the past one year of FY22 
compared to FY21, 
in spite of several steps initiated by the government, such as permitting 
import of Soyabean meal, 
but 
a span to check the unabated increase of soya suspending 
trading of soya in NCDX. Even with a good crop, the prices are not coming under control. Again, 
government is permitting input of Soyabean meal from 2"4 May '22 to 30° September ‘22 to the 
extent of 5,50,000 metric tons. The average Soyabean meal price has been 267 per kg during 
FY 22 compared to 243 in FY21. 
Average Wheat flour price also increased to 24 from the =22 per kg during FY 22 as compared 
to FY 21. However, 
off late Wheat prices have been going 
up steeply due to Ukraine war 
creating a global shortage of wheat, an increase in export demand for EDL Wheat. The prices of 
Wheat crop went up to 229 per kg prompting the government to ban export of Wheat from India 
with effect from 13!" of May 2022. Presently, the price of Wheat still remains at, per Wheat crop, 
still remains at 228 per kg with not much expectation of a significant fall in prices of Wheat flour.

Increase in sales price of feed: 
In spite of increase in the average feed price realization by $6.44 in FY22 four times increase, 
%2.00 once, 23.15 once, 24.25 and %4.00, due to steep increase in raw material prices, the raw 
material cost increased by 210.58 per kg leaving a difference of 24.14 unabsorbed. 
However, in course of time during the year, the prices of Fishmeal, Soyabean Meal and Wheat 
Flour are expected 
to 
stabilize with the marginal 
increase due 
to actions initiated 
by the 
government in respect of Soyabean Meal and Wheat Flour. 
B. SHRIMP PROCESSING DIVISION - Q4FY22 RESULTS 
Now, coming to the same processing division, the gross income for Q4 FY22 is %300 crores as 
compared to #270 crores in Q3 FY22. Registering 
a growth by 230 crores at 11%. The gross 
income in Q4 FY22 increased 2300 crores from 2218 crores compared to corresponding quarter 
Q4 FY21 and increased by 38% mainly due to increase in sales volume by 21% and recognition 
of our or more RODTEP income of 216 crores pertaining 
to January 
21 
to March 22, 
(15 
months). 
However, for the year ended 31* March 22, gross income registered an increase of 15% to 
21017 crores as compared to 2888 crores in the previous year. The increase is mainly due to 
increase in sales volume by 1,318 metric tons from 11,518 to 12,836 metric tons. 
The PBT for Q4 FY22 is 221 crores as compared to 26 crores in Q3 FY22, a decrease by @5 
crores represents 20%, mainly due to increase 
in RM cost and marginal increase 
in ocean 
freight. The PBT 
in Q4 FY22 
is 221 crores increase from %1.48 crores 
in the corresponding 
quarter of Q4 FY21. 
In fact, the PBT in Q4 FY22 of %21 crores inclusive of 713.17 crores of 
RODTP pertaining to earlier period leaving effective profit from the quarter at 27.83 crores. 
In 
Q4 FY21, MEIS incentive to the extent of 212 crores was reversed resulting in an effective profit 
of 213.48 crores therefore, effectively, the PBT has marginally decreased by 25.65 crores. 
However, for the year ended, 
31st March '22 the unit registered 
a PBT of 2100 crores as 
compared to 2108 crores in the previous year, a decrease by 7%, mainly due to increase in the 
ocean freight rates. 
Status of recall of products by a frozen foods division. 
As you are aware, the Company had to recall some of the consignments of cooked shrimp 
products, found 
to be with Salmonella contamination, 
by USFDA and CDC 
in the recalled 
products. 
The recall had to be made twice in June’21 
(Initial) and August’21 (Expanded). 
The 
recalled products are not allowed to be brought back to India and they have to be destroyed in 
US itself.

As a result, the company is liable to compensate the US customers for recalled products and 
related expenses 
of destruction chargers 
etc. 
to the extent 
of the products returned and 
destroyed. The company is also liable for the reimbursement of medical and related expenses 
to the consumers who fell sick and underwent treatment after consuming the recalled product. 
Insurance coverage 
The company has Product Liability Insurance covering the medical and related expenditure 
mentioned above. However, there is no insurance coverage in respect of payment of products 
returned and destroyed and also other related expenses such as Product Destruction charges, 
Call Center charges, Storage expenses etc. This cost has to be beard by the company. 
Provisions in the financial statements 
In FY¥22 accounts, provision has been made for some of %27.50 crores that 
is for the first 
quarter Q1 FY22 to 24.10 crores, then Q2 FY22 #17.15 crores and Q3 FY22, %6.25 crores as 
an exceptional item towards value, returned/destroyed products and other related expenses on 
actual basis and as and when the claims are received on 
a quarterly basis out of this set 
provision an amount of 29.04 crores have been refunded to the customers in FY22. 
The provision in the financial statement has been made on the basis of return and destroyed 
value of the products together with the related expenditure as stated above, which has come to 
227.50 crores. 
As 
it has the claim for bodily injuries caused by consuming companies contaminated product 
and 
recall, 
the company's 
insurer, 
the New 
India Assurance Company 
has appointed 
a 
Surveyor for processing of the claim. So far the company has received 13 claims towards bodily 
injury, which have been forwarded to the insurance Surveyor for processing. Since, the liability 
has been covered under the Commercial General Liability Insurance Policy, no provision has 
been made 
in the financial statement. The extent of claims 
in financial terms 
is yet to be 
ascertained by the surveyor. 
Present status of termination of recall and reinstating a green status. 
The company received communication from US FDA stating that 
all 
the information 
and 
documentation required from the company have been received by them and 
it will take some 
time to terminate the recall which will be informed in an automatic email. 
The company has shipped out 
5 containers of cooked shrimps and on clearance 
of these 
containers by US FDA, the green 
list will be restored lifting the red alert which 
is expected in 
due course. Once the red alert is lifted, the company will be in a position to accelerate export of 
cooked shrimps.

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW - FUTURE OUTLOOK 
The recovery from impact of COVID-19 which affected global economy during the past two 
years, has significantly improved, which is perceivable in the growth of the global economy. You 
may notice that the performance of the calendar year 2021 was much better than calendar year 
2020 and it is expected to be still better in calendar year 2022. 
At the start of this year 2022 the environment for shrimp culture in the country started favorably 
and the shrimp culture commenced promisingly registering 
a growth of 3% during Q4 FY22. 
Significant growth is expected in FY23 in terms of feed sales and production of shrimps in the 
country, as the culture progresses in the rest of the period of this year. 
The total production of the shrimp is expected to increase as the farm gate prices are at all-time 
high and remunerative and climatic conditions are favorable. The company estimates that India 
should be able to produce 8.5 lakh metric tons of shrimps with an estimated consumption of 
about 13 to 14 lakh metric tons of shrimp feed. 
SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN FY22 AND COMPANY PLANS FOR 
FY23. 
SHRIMP FEED CONSUMPTION: 
The Shrimp feed consumption in India increased to 12 lakh metric tons in FY22 as compared to 
10.5 lakh metric tons in FY21. 
It is expected that consumption would further increase to 14 lakh 
metric tons in FY23 and increase by 17%. 
The company's feed sales during FY22 was about 5.41 
lakh metric tons as compared to 4.73 
lakh metric tons in FY21. 
It is expected for FY23 would be around 5.80 lakh metric tons, an 
increase by 7%. The company is expected to maintain its market share at about 48% - 50%. 
As the demand for shrimp feed 
is expected to increase, the company has almost completed 
setting 
up 
a new shrimp feed manufacturing facility 
at Bandapuram with annual 
installed 
capacity of 1,75,000 metric tons with a Capex of 2125 crores. The new facilities scheduled to 
commence commercial production in June '22, next month. 
SHRIMP PROCESSING AND EXPORT 
The shrimp production and export from India increased 
to 7.5 lakh metric tons 
in FY22 as 
compared to 6.5 lakh metric tons 
in FY21. 
It 
is expected that the shrimp production would 
further increase to 8.5 lakh metric ton itself in FY 23, an increase by 13%.

The company shrimp exports during FY22 was about 12,836 metric tons as compared to 11,518 
metric tons 
in FY21. 
It 
is expected that for FY23 would 
be around 14,500 metric tons an 
increase of 13%. 
Avanti Frozen is in the process of expanding pre-processing, main processing and cold storage 
as detailed below. 
  
1 
Pre-processing 
facility 
in Gopalapuram | Completed and awaiting final approvals to 
(adjacent 
to 
the 
existing 
Processing 
plant). 
start Pre-processing. Capex 
of Rs.11.43 
crores. 
  
New 
Cold 
Storage 
at 
Yerravaram 
Processing plant 
with 2000MT 
Work is in progress and the estimated cost 
is Rs. 17.60 crores 
Capacity. 
  
 
3. 
| New processing plant and cold storage in| 
Land 
acquired. 
Civil 
works 
to 
be 
Krishnapuram, 
East 
Godavari 
District | commenced. The Estimated cost is Rs. 49 
 
 
 
with 7000MT p.a. capacity. 
crores. 
  
| would like to conclude with a positive note that aquaculture industry is poised for a relatively 
improved performance in 2022 calendar year compared to 2021. With this 
| conclude and now 
we'll take up the questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
If 
you have a question, please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to 
ask the question. 
If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1. 
Participants are requested 
to restrict to their questions to two per person during the 
initial 
rounds and may join the queue back for follow up questions. First question from Mr. Nitin Awasti 
from Incread research. Please go-ahead sir. 
Nitin Awasti 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question will be relating to the incentives that go passed 
by the board. So, now the incentives to the management can be up to 15%. However, there is a 
question in most minds where only the pay to non-executive director has been capped at =1.00 
Crore, whereas the remaining executive directors there is no cap. Hence, 
if you have to go by 
this, 
the remaining 
percentage, 
Avanti’'s Management executive 
payroll 
could become the 
highest paid Executive Director board in the country. So, why not put a cap to it? Let's say an 
absolute number like you have for the Non-Executive Director.

Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
That's all your question Nitin? 
Nitin Awasti 
That's the first question, sir. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
First question, okay. Right. Next question. Do you want me to answer the question and go to the 
next question or how is that you want to complete all your question? 
Nitin Awasti 
You can answer this question, then we will move to the next one. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Okay Nitin, let me tell you, see this managerial remuneration, the topic had come earlier in the 
Extraordinary General Meeting, and 
it has been approved. So, this case 
is inclusive of two 
components, one is the fixed salary, also the Commission on profits. So, as far as fixed salary is 
concerned, 
it is on par with what is the cost-of-living etc. and other things for the hard work that 
the Executive Whole-Time Directors are working that is fixed according to the standards of living 
and also to the general cost of living going up and this is for five years, that is one part. The 
second part is the commission, though we call 
it a certain percentage is fixed in the resolution, 
but the overall cap is there for up to 15% which includes the three whole time directors. 
So, 
| would say, 
| think the apprehension or whatever the concern about what to expect now 
seems to be that if it is 400 crores or 500 crores, 
it will go up to 30 crores to 60 crores or 70 
crores like that. So, let me tell you one thing see, as far as the fixed remuneration is concerned, 
it has to be given 
is 
it not? because they're working as 
a whole-time employment of the 
company, okay. That will be given on par, 
if you look at the resolution, which we have passed 
last time, the increase that is given to the directors was much less than the average increase 
that 
is given 
to any senior executives 
of the company. 
Senior executive gets an 
annual 
increment of 15%, whereas, we have given only got five to 6%, the average increase is given. 
So, as it goes naturally, the fixed expenses go up, but the cap remains. Whatever, 15% what we 
fixed there is among the three directors that is inclusive of these amounts. So, 
if you say that if 
your company makes 500 crore profit naturally, what should be the top line of the company, 
what should be the activities. Let us say 
if you take 15% into 500 crores, 
it has to be 8000 
crores, 
is 
it not? 7,500 crores, 
it should be the top line to get a profit. Does 
it happen just like 
that? So, the director gets the percentage 
of commission only when there 
is 
a 
profit, the 
increase in profit only gets, otherwise he will not get it. 
See whatever is left out in the cap, only to the extent he can. Just because the resolution says 
that the director is entitled for 4% commission, 
it does not mean that 4% is straight away paid on 
the profits. The 4% is a total they take, consider the salary, regular salary plus the commission

and is restricted to 4%. 
| really see this as we have discussed several times and I've also given 
the reasoning for that. 
| really don't know the reason why you're so much concerned about it. 
Nitin Awasti 
Okay, sir fair enough. 
I'll move to my next question. My next question was on the inventory part. 
The inventory this time reported around close to 1000 crore. 
If you could give a breakup of what 
the inventory holds. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, 
| will do that. The inventory, Nitin, the major inventory items are Fishmeal and Soyabean 
Meal. As you know the raw material prices have been going up very steeply. So, we decided 
that for the next season, which will start from April, May, June. In fact, 
it started early this year 
maybe 
in 
the February month 
itself, 
in January. 
So, we started 
procuring 
raw materials 
Soyabean Meal particularly and also fish meal as and when 
it is available, because the trend 
was the price going up. So, as much we store the cheap stocks that the advantage would be 
there, that is number one. 
So, that's why we started. 
| just give you the quantity and the values that we have, we had if you 
compare with the 31% March '21, we had fishmeal of 12,514 metric tons worth 7117.78 crores as 
against that in '22, this year, we have 22,514 metric tons with value of 241.994 crores. Then 
coming to the soyabean meal, 
it was 10,274 metric tons as on 31% March ‘21 with a value of 
%53 crores and the current year 318t March '22, we had 28,568 worth =197 crores. See, these 
two items themselves together, you know, give an additional inventory of 270 crores So, this is 
very very important, because, 
if raw material costs can 
be taken on an average basis, the 
impact of the increasing will be minimal on the company, that was the policy we have taken and 
we have bought it. That's the reason why your balance sheet shows the higher inventory levels. 
Nitin Awasti 
Got it sir. Sir, last question from my side, export incentives have been booked for the quarter 
and if not, what is the current outstanding export inventory, sorry, export incentive and what was 
export incentive for the last quarter? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See what has happened is, Nitin, this export incentives because of uncertainty, the accounting 
part of it had to be adjusted in accordance with the developments that are taking place. For 
instance, RO DTP though 
it is declared 
it did not really come on to this you know effectiveness 
and claims were not accepted for 
a long time. Later on, 
so, we decided that only when the 
government starts releasing these scripts RO DTP then only, we will take into consideration, 
that was the stand taken by us in consultation with the auditors. That's how we have done it. My 
colleague will read out how much this RODTP is?

Sri Muthyam Reddy 
For Q4, the total incentives recorded was 223.47 crores out of which 216.29 crores is the RO 
DTP income pertaining to 15 months’ period and %7.18 crores duty drawback. So, in Q4 FY21 
it 
was -6.24, because we reversed 212 crores of revenue incentive pertaining to FY21 up to 1st 
September, because there was uncertainty of getting the amount so, the recognition of revenue 
was postponed, and which was realized in the FY22, and we have recognized the same in Q2 
of FY22. 
Nitin Awasti 
How much is the total amount of RODTP is yet to be recognized? 
Sri Muthyam Reddy 
After 31st March, entirely recognized. 
It is 16.29 crores. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
When they started only, we started accounting 
it, as per 31% March, 
it 
is only 216.29 crores 
which pertains to the FY22. 
Nitin Awasti 
Ok sir. Got it. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Thank you, Nitin. 
Moderator 
Thank you, the next question is from Mr. Onkar Ghugadre, Sree investment. Please go-ahead 
sir. 
Onkar Ghugadare 
New plant, which you told just now that will be commissioned next month. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, 
Onkar Ghugadare 
So, just wanted to know, to start with what would be the capacity utilization for that plant for the 
full year you are expecting and what will be the peak capacity at 100% capacity utilization, what 
kind of sales it can generate? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See the capacity installed capacity 
is 1,75,000 metric tons per annum. 
So, 
as far as the 
utilization is concerned, we expect going by the demand that we are having today, we should be 
- 10

able to 100% 
utilize the capacity 
in this year itself. 
So, because we are now facing 
lot of 
shortage of supplies to our farmers, so, there has been a lot of pressure to us. The project got 
delayed by a month. We originally thought that we should be able to catch up to the demand 
further in May itself which 
is peak season, 
but unfortunately, there was, you know, 
logistic 
delays and getting the capital imported machinery from Taiwan, 
it was delayed, and now 
everything is in place, and we should be able to start, in month of June. So, what we expect is 
that month wise 
if you look at the capital utilization will be 100%. Going by the demand we 
should be able to fully utilize the capacity. 
In fact, we may even, by next year there might be 
some shortage also, that's what our expectation is as of now. 
Onkar Ghugadare 
Okay and what about the shrimp feed capacity, 
| mean the value-added capacity which you just 
told what about that expanding? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
The capacity which we are expanding the feed capacity is 1,75,000. 
Onkar Ghugadare 
| got that 
| was asking about the frozen shrimp. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See, we are going, you know, expansion in three phases as explained to you just now, one is 
the preprocessing facility in our earlier plant, Gopalpuram, it’s an old plant, there by the side of 
that, we have started 
a preprocessing plant with 
an investment 
of %11.43 crores, actually 
everything 
is ready, we're just waiting for the clearance from the government agencies, we 
should be able to get 
it and we will start with that. That is the preprocessing capacity, so, that 
facilitates the faster processing procedure that's what. 
| think, Nikhilesh, are you there? Can you 
please explain these three, particularly, you know the facility when we start, we should be able 
to 
add 
up 
to 
the 
processing 
capacity 
also 
in 
Gopalapuram. 
Once 
we 
speed 
up 
the 
preprocessing facility, is it not? 
Sri. Alluri Nikhilesh 
Yes, sir. So, basically, the first investment is the preprocessing facility, because the Gopalpuram 
factory is almost, 
it was built in 1997. 
| mean, 
it was acquired in 1997, so it's been almost 20-25 
years since we got it. So, we need in the new preprocessing area to first comply with some of 
the customer's requirements and also second, enhance our preprocessing capacity. 
So, the 
preprocessing capacity, when you're looking at the capacity utilization, gives you the freezer 
capacity. So, to utilize more of the freezer capacity, we have to enhance the preprocessing 
capacity, which was done. So, Gopalpuram now, from this year we are able to run almost at 
100% capacity in the season, which is the high season. 
- 11

Second investment is the cold store, its Yerravaram, at our new processing facility, we're just 
expanding the cold store. Since we are spending a lot of money to hold our finished product or 
raw materials in third party cold stores where they might compromise the cold chain, especially 
with the high fuel prices they might compromise on the cold chain and also to have more 
capacity to hold raw material for the offseason time. It's more like a cold store. It's more like the 
warehouse 
in the processing business. And the third one 
is we're building 
a new facility in 
Krishnapuram, the land acquisition has been completed. This will be, as you are aware, Avanti 
Frozen has been selected by the Government for the PL! scheme. 
Under this scheme, we are building this facility. The total outlay as of now, as Mr. Rao has 
stated is about $50 crores. So, we're going to start the construction soon, we're just looking for 
the government permission to start the construction. So, this will enable us to further increase 
our capacity and also in our exports focus on some of the products that we have not been able 
to deliver to the customers, and also enable us to get an additional green ticket to help us with 
the regulatory passage with FDA. 
Onkar Ghugadare 
Okay, thank you. The second question is on the cash, which you are holding on the balance 
sheet, earlier you said that you are working seriously on Fish feed this time. So, what is the 
status on that and apart from fish feed, how do you plan to utilize the rest of the cash apart from 
buying in advance, the raw materials? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Yeah, see the thing is that this question was repeated last time, but anyway, we have to always 
take into consideration the two important aspects, Mr. Onkar. One is that the expansions which 
we are thinking we thought of this fish feed, long back, but we are ready with all the technology, 
and everything. In fact, we wanted to start simultaneously with this Bandapuram expansion, but 
somehow, we thought with the speed, which still covid effect was there, we have not been able 
to really plan 
it. Now, we are again going for this plan very vigorously we are working, and we 
are looking 
at another couple of other projects also, animal feed only. 
But, 
| would 
like to 
disclose this, 
as and when we 
are ready with the concrete numbers, 
there will 
be some 
expansion programs happening in the years as we progress that's number one. 
Number two, coming to the available cash, certainly the working capital what we consider is a 
very timely funds availability for us at the time of real crisis, let me tell you. So, you may say 
anything, because the long-term funds should be used for long term investment, and all is fine. 
But in a situation like this what we are going, today raising about £50 Crores or 100 or %500 
crores is such a big task. So, when we want 2400 crores, 500 crores, what you have seen at 
the end of the year, 
but prior to that, we had invested more working capital, because what 
happens is in the fund circulation, we have certain discount systems are given in the end of the 
year. So, what happens is that we don't give them cash, we give them only credit, we'll supply 
the, see with the result, cash flow gets little slowed down, we don't get the cash flow. So, that 
- 12

time, that is a peak time when we want cash also for our working capital needs. So, that is how 
where we use it. 
But, we consider that this fund is really helping us a lot by providing the required funds available 
at the time of crisis. And particularly this year, we found the need of it, if you go to the bank and 
ask for 100 crores you know how much 
strain 
it 
is 
to get 100 crores from them, 
but 
comfortably we have been able to maintain the stock levels, as compared to any other field 
manufacturers our position was very comfortable. So, that is one important point. Coming to the 
expansion anyway, we will come with some concrete proposals in the course of time as which 
are very seriously considering, as you said the fish feed and also the animal feed which are the 
other opportunities that are being seen as potential will come with this in course of time. 
Onkar Ghugadare 
Okay. Can you give us a specific timeline to that because it has been in the pipeline for so long? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Sure, but the question is that we will be able to give the timeline once we are through with our 
plan. A roadmap has to be made, the DPR is being prepared. Once a DPR is ready, then we'll 
be able to give you the timeline. That's what 
| said 
it will take some time, once the decision is 
made that definitely it'll be shared with you. 
Moderator 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. 
If you could please come back in the queue for follow-up questions. 
Thank you. 
Sir, our next question from Mr. Vinayak Mohta, from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Vinayak Mohta 
Hi good evening, sir. 
| majorly had a question, you know, regarding the margins on the shrimp 
feed business. So, you broadly had a 7% margin the last quarter and you around February, 
you've said that you will be going for a price increment broadly around March 1* week. 
| just 
wanted to understand given the raw material prices, you know, were already up and | like I'm 
not aware if they had corrected so much for the margins to expand. And, you know, what would 
be the trajectory of the margins going into FY23? Over the quarter like what 
is the trajectory 
you're seeing, with regards to 10% being maintained on the feeds business? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Mr. 
Mohta, 
your question 
is 
a 
really very tough 
to answer because there 
are 
so many 
uncertainties to tell you, what is going to be the percentage margin for the FY23. Because today 
we are in a position that none, including the government, 
is able to tell what is going to be the 
prices of the products, particularly the Agri products, which are well within the government's 
control supposed to be 
in government control which they have no clue about 
it. See, 
| can 
explain to you that when we told last time that the prices would come down. Definitely, because 
- 13

the wheat crop was good, the anticipation was good. And we thought that the amount of the 
good crop that is coming and the comfortable food storage situation in India, food security laws, 
well, above the three months’ level that is as per the Food Security Act, but four months they 
had stocks and with 
all that we thought that prices would come down, but something else 
happened. 
The Ukraine war started, there 
is a shortage and prices shot up like anything. So, the price, 
which was there at #22, 
it went up to 224, we thought 
it will come back to %22. But 
it did not 
happen, 
it went from %22 to $28. The government of India took 
a decision to export wheat, 
which 
is an essential commodity, they decided to export 
it, they permitted 
it and immediately 
realized that wheat prices going up. On 13" May they decided to ban export of wheat, but as 
| 
was saying that already which is lying in the ports will be allowed to be exported. So, essentially 
what happens 
is that those who have already purchased the first crop of wheat plant have 
already taken it to wheat warehouses and kept it ready in the godowns for exports purpose, and 
they are permitted. Nowhere it really has brought the prices of wheat down. There is no situation 
difference. 
So, what we're expecting 
is whatever left out after partnering the stocks, by the traders and 
exporters, whatever is left is to come into the market and 
it starts. On 13 May, 
| thought that 
the prices of wheat flour will come down next day morning, but it has not happened. 13" is over, 
today we are on 19", 
still 
it is 28, 27.50 ~ 28 rupees, this is the situation. So, we are only 
hoping that in course of time the prices will start coming. The same situation with the soyabean 
meal. See what happens, soyabean meal, three days back 
it was the low, 3 rupees went up in 
three days. The reason, you know, what it is, because the Madhya Pradesh traders, soyabean 
traders, went on strike. Mandis are closed because government has stopped export of wheat. 
They want export of wheat. See, this is the kind of policy that's there in the government and how 
any company can say what is going to be the raw material price. 
We are very much dependent on the wheat flour and soyabean flour. These two together will 
cost around 60% of our raw material costs. Coming to the fishmeal, the fishmeal also depends 
upon the catches and also there's a lot of export demand for fish meal. So, there are so many 
uncertainties, but yet, you should appreciate that your company has been able to plan to a great 
extent to contain the cost of raw materials by various steps that they're taking and trying to 
manage and give the returns as much as possible. And coming to that 7% to 10% that again, 
we are working very hard to see that, one way by which you can go up, the volumes can 
increase, so that the in absolute terms the profits can increase, so, we can pay a better dividend 
to the shareholder's, that's why we are trying to increase the volume by having more expansion 
and to keep our market intact. 
In fact, we are adding we are increasing the market share by 1%, % percent year after year and 
you know that after reaching 50%, 
it 
is very tough 
to go further. 
But 
yet, we have been 
successful to some extent by getting more and more conversions to our company, and that is 
one way by which the volumes or the profits will go, thereby the shareholders will get a better 
-14

dividend which we can take. These are the measures we are taking as far as the, in terms of 
strict margin per kg, percentage 6% 
- 7%, 
it all depends again on the pricing, as you know, the 
percentage determines between the price of the feed and the raw material cost. The price of the 
feed, we cannot go liberally by increasing the price to absorb the additional cost. 
There are so many regulatory agencies, the farmers are there. We should take care of the 
aquaculture interest of the farmers, they should carry on the farming activities, 
so that our 
sustenance depends on their sustenance, their success. So, we have to be very balanced in our 
approach, when we increase the price. And in addition to that, we have the regulatory agencies 
like the governments, which 
is there 
in the interest of the farmers they say that we cannot 
increase the price. So, like that there are different forces, which are working at what you will call 
crosscurrents. So, we are working under that situation, and 
it is very difficult to commit what is 
going to be ‘23 financial year, but definitely it is our endeavor to get the maximum return on our 
investments. And 
we 
get 
the 
better returns 
on 
our investments 
and 
pay 
better 
to 
our 
stakeholders, particularly, investors’ interest. Okay. 
Vinayak Mohta 
Understood, just 
a second question would 
be you know, 
are you facing any problems on 
procurement of these raw materials from different places and also are the farmers and 
all 
working like there's no mismatch between the supply and demand as of now on the feed front, 
right? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
In fact, we have got more demand than what we are able to supply, that is a situation now, that 
is the reason why we are speeding up and Mr. Venkata Sanjeev is on his toes to complete the 
project, because the chairman is after him, CMD is after him to complete the project. And so, we 
are getting calls from the dealers we're getting calls from the farmer’s day in and day out, our 
marketing team 
is on toes. So, because there's a lot of pressure, we have not been able to 
supply the feed to the farmers, the dealers. So, almost 24x7 they're working now. See the target 
is that by the end of this month, they should complete everything and start off commercial 
production. So, they have to take the trial runs and do it, that's what they're working. 
Once 
it sets, 
we'll be able to 
at least for the time being, we'll be able to meet the present 
shortage. There is no dearth of demand for our product, because our product is preferred in the 
market as number one product. So, there is no dearth of market for our product, 
it is only we 
have to increase the production and supply. As far as the raw material 
is concerned, as you 
know, we will maintain a good relationship with our all our suppliers and we are prompt in our 
payment 
but, we are very 
strict 
in 
our maintaining the standard specifications 
of the raw 
materials. So, they're very happy and we never had any problem with any of the suppliers. But, 
natural like the shortage of Soyabean Meal, 
| mean, wheat flour, shortage of fish, fish availability 
and all, we cannot help it. But certainly, we are on this forefront as far as, you know, the supply 
situation, the raw material supply situation concern compared to other feed manufacturers. 
- 15

Vinayak Mohta 
Understood, just one last thing, 
in the midst of all such a strong demand for your products and 
everything, 
is 
it fair to assume that you would be looking at a 20 to 25% growth for the year 
because you're expecting full utilization and you know, there's a lot of demand. Yeah, so, on 
that part? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See, there are several factors you know, the first thing is that there should be shrimp culture 
growth to that extent, then only the demand starts, okay? So, 
if shrimp production goes up 
naturally feed production goes up. See, today enough capacities are there, we should be able to 
supply, there’s no problem 
in supplying the required feed, but only thing 
is the growth of the 
entire industry should be there, particularly the production of shrimp, shrimp culture should go 
up. 
If it goes up, we are always ready to supply, whether it is even 20-25-30 we don't mind, we 
can always supply to the needs of the farmers, to the market. 
Vinayak Mohta 
Understood. Okay, thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. So, the next question from Mr. Depesh Kashyap, Equirus Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Hi Sir. Thanks for taking my questions. Sir, on processing, if we take out the incentives that you 
have booked in this quarter, the margins in the processing segment seem very low. So, just 
wanted to understand the reason for the same and how should we think about going forward. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See, Nikhilesh will supplement whatever 
| say that one thing is that the margins decrease can 
be attributed to hold on the export of cooked shrimps due to recall which we have slowed down 
a 
little. Once we 
pick up the export 
of cooked shrimp, definitely the margins will improve, 
number one. Number two, the raw material costs have gone up 
all time high, and the export 
prices have not gone up proportionately, thereby leaving a gap, that is a one major reason. 
Number three is the ocean freights, almost, like skyrocketing, we have not been able to control it 
at all. These are the three major reasons what 
| could see the reasons for decrease 
in the 
margins. 
As we progress, once we are clean with, as Nikhilesh explains, that one we are through with the 
you know the FDA clearance of these five containers and getting green, then naturally, we are 
ready to push the cooked products and the value-added products, which 
is where you have 
- 16

more value, you know, more margins are there. That is going to be the real cream of the entire 
activity. 
| think Nikhilesh, you may please supplement. 
Sri. Alluri Nikhilesh 
| think Mr. Rao put-it out perfectly. Those are the three main reasons, stopped shipping out 
some of the value-added products to the US market, which is a dominant market. But, we have, 
we are on application process to be reinstated on the green list. 
It's a procedure and 
| think in 
the next few months we should be reinstated. But of course, 
it depends on the regulatory 
department. So on the bright side about this situation has been that we have focused on 
introducing value added products while our cook clients in the Yerravaram plants have been 
down. We are about to launch our breaded products into the US market we are starting a file 
production etc. So, that's going off well. 
So, the main important part, apart from the cooked shrimp or the ocean freight is also the high 
raw material prices being driven by inflation. The raw material prices and the cost including the 
ocean freight are much higher than the price increase with market. So, that is the main driver 
than the cook product like ocean freight are high, our packaging is very high now. Our electricity 
cost is very high, the AMC costs put in by the government has quadrupled. So, these costs have 
eaten into the margin, but we will continue to focus on introducing more value-added products, 
so that we can maintain a margin and once our cooked green ticket is back online, we should be 
able to move out more volume at a sustainable. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Got 
it. Thank you. 
Sir, second question 
is mainly on the, this new processing plant that 
is 
coming right? What is the timeline that you expected to come and secondly, Rao sir, 
if you can 
also talk about the price hikes you have taken in feed in the month of March and April? So, how 
much was that? 
Sri. Alluri Nikhilesh 
A large factory like our Yerravaram factory, 
is a smaller facility, the main target for this 
is to 
increase capacity utilization. And the second one 
is also to add lines, so, that we have only 
cooked in the Yerevan facility. So, we need another plant with cook facility and also, we have 
requirements for certain products to not be produced at our existing two facilities, so it will need 
to flow so, that’s what we put up with these facilities. So, the timeline would be within the next 
one and a half year that we finish the whole project and into commercial production, the reason 
being when you were talking about the food processing facilities, a lot of regulations we need to 
be extremely careful, check all the water pipelines, check all the airflow, etc. the drain flow to 
make sure there's no cross contamination, and potential hazards out in the factory. So, one and 
half years is the estimated timeline. 
AF

Depesh Kashyap 
Got it. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Coming to this feed price increase, 
|’ll start from the, you know, the latest one. The latest one 
which we took in the month of April is at 22 per kg and earlier to that in March, we took at %4 per 
kg. These are the two recent, this thing, and earlier to that we have took in August ’21, at %4.25, 
in May £3.15 and in April 2. So, totally 
| would put that about 15 we have taken, but the cost 
is still, it is around another four rupees, ¥29-230 is cost increase that has gone up in the last one 
and half years. So, 
still there is a gap, we are trying to, somehow by other method, by cost 
reduction, productivity increase and all, we are trying to do to cover up, to absorb that additional 
cost also. We'll have to see, that is a situation 
Depesh Kashyap 
Got it, sir. Also, if you can give the current fish meal prices, sir. What are they going right now? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Current prices of the Soyabean Meal 
19. Fish meal 
is about ¥111-%112, Soyabean Meal 
is 
69,000 per metric ton Soyabean Meal. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Okay, 
it is same as the average by the last quarter, right? So, it is similar. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
See, we have recently we are booked with the government permitted input we have booked the 
14,000 tons which we are expecting would cost us around %54. That is a very normal standard 
grade, 
but we don't use that grade. That grade 
is today 
in 
India, around 257-258. 
It's the 
imported price is 54, but we normally use most of our products with high protein which will be 
higher by 5,000 per metric ton. The normal plus $5,000 is our cost, high protein. 
Depesh Kashyap 
Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the next question would be the last question for this call. 
It comes from Mr. Ayush Mittal from Mittal analytics. Please go-ahead, sir. 
Ayush Mittal 
Good Afternoon sir, first of all, I'd like to appreciate the company that we have done pretty well 
in this quarter, given the way the things were, and it's good to see that we have got back to a 
margins in feed, despite so much of raw material pressure when other peers have not been able 
to do well. So, congrats on that. Sir, two questions. First, when we look at the balance sheet, we 
- 18

are having a very high inventory this time 
it is almost more than double of what we have, while 
when you have given the expectation of growth for this year, on the feed side, you have given 
about 10% growth, similarly on the processing 10% growth, while for the industry you are talking 
about a higher growth. So why is it so? Why is this mismatch there? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
| don't know what your question is, like if there is a growth, there should not be inventory. 
Is it 
what you're trying to? 
Ayush Mittal 
No. What I'm trying to say is that we're talking about 
| think, 
in your opening comment, you 
mentioned 
that you're expecting 
10% growth 
in the feed and about 10%-12% growth 
in 
processing, is that right for the FY 23? While we are talking of a higher growth in the industry, 
and also, we have built so much of inventory. So, why is this mismatch there like so much of 
inventory we have buildup, but this is only for the seasonal nature or is it that we can do bigger 
volumes? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Let me explain to you. See, the inventory is not a finished good, the inventory consists of raw 
materials and finished goods. 
In fact, 
the finished goods are very minimal finished goods, 
inventory. The inventory is mostly to raw materials as 
| first explain, one is the fishmeal and 
other 
is 
a Soyabean Meal. These two are scarce items 
in the country today. 
All the three, 
because Soyabean 
Meal, 
whether 
it 
is 
a 
feed 
manufacturers’ 
consumption 
or 
a human 
consumption, there is a shortage. Similarly, there is a shortage of fishmeal for all the industries 
which are making this using the fishmeal. So, these two items required to be stocked in huge 
quantities before the season starts. 
So, what you're seeing in the balance sheet is on the date of 31st March, which happens to be 
the 
financial 
year 
ending 
day 
which 
coincides 
with 
the commencement 
of 
our season, 
subsequently April, May, June, okay. So that's the reason why we keep enough stocks for 
production 
in April, May, June, but this year, we have kept more than what is required. See 
normally what we do is when the Soyabean was freely available in the market, we were storing 
around 15 to 20 days only. But now because there 
is a shortage of Soyabean we are we 
increased the stocking levels to one month now. So, because the same thing even the fish meal 
we had about 20-25 days stocking levels, minimum stocking levels, there we have increased to 
one and a half months, because of this increase in the stocking levels, naturally the inventory 
will go up. So, that inventory is required for utilization in the subsequent months, April, May and 
June. 
It is not that we are keeping the inventory levels throughout the year in the same level. Okay, so 
the reason. 
If you don't really improve the inventory level at the beginning of the season, then 
you will end up paying higher costs during the main season. So, for example, 
in the month of 
- 19

June, July, there is going to be the fishing ban in the western part of the country, where from we 
are getting huge quantities of fish meal. Once there is a ban, then you will not get fish meal in 
month of June and July. So, we need to keep this fish meal stock enough for our consumption in 
not only April and May, but June, July, August also. So, by the time the fish meal supplies start, 
it will be somewhere in August 15 afterwards. So, we should keep sufficient stocks. But that is 
the main season for shrimp culture. So, we need to utilize our production capacity. 
Ayush Mittal 
Sir, 
| understand what you're saying. What 
| was trying to say was that as you're expecting the 
industry to grow at 15% to 20% like the data that you shared. 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Not 15 to 20%. That is wishful thinking. 
If really the production of Shrimp grows to 30% 25% 
definitely, we also 
register that growth. 
See, 
normally the 10% 
to 15% 
is 
a reasonable 
anticipation or expectation of growth, which we feel comfortably, we can reach. 
Ayush Mittal 
Okay. Sir, the cost of the inventory that you're holding this is in line with the cost that we had in 
Q4 of this year? 
Sri C Ramachandra Rao 
Q4, that is a cheaper actually. What we have is cheaper than what we have now. The present 
prices are higher than what inventory cost that we have as on 31* March. So, we are at the 
advantageous position. If we were to buy today, 
it would have costed much more to us. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraints, we would like to come to the 
end of this conference. On behalf of KFintech, we would like to thank the entire team of Avanti 
Feeds for giving us the opportunity to host this call and we appreciate the interest from the 
investors and analysts for the participation. Thank you and 
if you need any further information, 
you may connect with Mr. Sahil Shah of KFintech at sahil.shah@kfintech.com. Thank you for 
using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you 
and have a good evening, everyone. 
  
Note: 1, This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
  
- 20
