}orientbell 
tiles 
OBL:HO:SEC:00: 
New Delhi 
: 24.05.2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relation Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Ist Floor, New Trading Ring 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Rotunga Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Towers, Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai-400 051 
Stock Code - 530365 
Stock Code: ORIENTBELL 
Sub: Transcript 
of Investor Conference Call( Post Earnings) held on 18'" May, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Investor Conference Call held on 18' 
May, 2022 post announcement of audited financial results of the Company for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2022. 
The transcript of the Investor Conference Call is also available on company’s website at 
www.orientbell.com under below path: 
Investors Section>Intimations>Investor Meet. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Orient Bell Limitéd, > 
i 
jiu 
   
  
   
Yogesh Mendira 
tan! 
Company Secretary & Head - Legal 
Encl: as above 
Orient Bell Limited 
CORPORATE OFFICE: Iris House, 16 Business Centre, Nangal Raya, New Delhi - 110 046, India. Tel.: +91 11 4711 9100 
REGD. OFFICE 
: 8 Industrial Area, Sikandrabad — 203 205 (U.P.) India. Tel.: +91 5735 222 203 / 222 / 424, +91 81910 04575 / 76, Fax: +91 5735 222 642 
E-mail:customercare@orientbell.com, Website: www.orientbell.com 
CIN: L14101UP1977PLC021546

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Orient Bell Limited Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
ORIENT BELL LIMITED 
MR. HIMANSHU JINDAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ORIENT BELL LIMITED 
ANALYST: 
MR. RISHAV DAS – PARETO CAPITAL 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Bell Limited Q4 and FY22 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rishav Das from Pareto Capital. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Rishav Das: 
Thanks Vivian. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Rishav Das from Pareto Capital. We represent 
investor relations for Orient Bell. On behalf of Orient Bell, I welcome you all to our Q4 and 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. 
I have with me from the management, Mr. Aditya Gupta – Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. 
Himanshu Jindal – Chief Financial Officer. We will have brief opening remarks from the 
management followed by the Q&A session. Please note that certain statements made during this 
call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward looking statements at subject to certain 
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or projections to differ materially from 
these statements. Orient Bell Limited will not be in any way responsible for any actions taken 
based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking 
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. Gupta for his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thanks, Rishav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our Quarter 4 FY22 and 
FY22 earnings call. This is our sixth earnings call and I want to start off with putting on record 
our gratitude for sharing your observations and perspectives. Today happens to be a special day 
for us, as it was on this day 45 years back that Orient Bell was incorporated and it’s fantastic to 
celebrate this occasion with you. 
Last two years have been extremely volatile for business. However, these disruptions and 
discontinuities have created new opportunities which we have capitalized on. Our vision of 
making tile buying and selling easy has unleashed the creative energies of our people leading to 
cross-functional collaboration and process improvement. This alignment has helped us grow 
stronger across parameters whether it is topline, margin expansion, cash flows, customer profile 
and, of course, return on capital employed. 
During the two COVID years, OBL has committed Rs. 68 crores of CAPEX to create new 
production capacities and debottlenecking existing lines. These investments were made from the 
internal accruals and come over and above the Rs. 42 crores of debt repayments. Happy to share 
with you that all projects are progressing as planned. 
Himanshu will take you through the detailed financials, so I will just focus and a touch upon 
some of our strategic initiatives. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
On the people front, we have continued to focus on our people. The number of employees 
covered under the ESOP scheme has increased to 3x during FY22. And we continued driving 
skill enhancement with over 6,500 hours invested in learning and development through our e-
learning tool during FY22. 
Distribution. We focused on distribution with display. We have added 55 exclusive tile boutique 
stores, OBTBs in FY22, which means that we have added a new store, net add of a new store 
every week. This brings the total operational displays to 285 as on 31st March 2022. We have 
also onboarded and started business with 365 new channel partners during FY22 which basically 
means one new channel partner being added every single day of the year, including the COVID 
lockdowns. 
On the product side, post the MF-2 SKD restart in FY21, the modernization of the wall plant 
in Quarter 3 FY22, the share of our own manufacturing to total sales has increased by 2% points 
to 68% in FY22. And this has helped us ensure better profitability. 617 new SKUs were launched 
to support sales and to get into new segments and these 617 SKUs contributed 13% of our total 
revenue in Quarter 4. Our vitrified mix has also improved by 2% in FY22. 
On the digital front, marketing initiatives via various online forums and social media platforms 
have given an outreach to build awareness and preference with both B2B and B2C customers. I 
like to share some existing statistics on our digital reach. The month of March 2022 versus March 
2021. Our website engagements are up 3x. Our social media reach is up 2.3x. Our social media 
engagement is up 1.8x. Work on digitizing all our internal processes continues at a fast pace and 
it's being enthusiastically adapted by teams across the organization. These changes are helping 
us make tile selling and buying easy. 
With this I request our CFO – Mr. Himanshu Jindal to brief you about the financials and other 
aspects. Thank you. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thanks Aditya. Good afternoon, all. Highest sales and the best ever profitability in a single 
quarter, this is what was in short by our team collectively at OBL in Quarter 4. 
On the volume front while the gain  was limited to 4.5% in the last quarter, the largest joy came 
from the sustenance of the realizations post the ASP increases implemented during the initial 
nine months and also because of the improved product profile. 
As I briefed in my previous call, there were three price increases taken in our own products and 
also for trading, the quantum of which for own products was roughly 3% to 5% in every increase. 
For the traded products, this was between 6% to 8% multiply by 3. For the full year, our volumes 
grew 17% while the ASP improved by 11% on a YoY basis ensuring a (+) 30% increase in 
revenues. Despite the hyperinflation that we continue to witness especially on the energy cost 
front which is higher by 50% on a YoY basis, we were still able to save 3.7% of our production 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
cost on a like-for-like basis via improved power, fuel, raw material mixes apart from our focused 
monitoring of key consumption KPIs, and also due to the improvement in the operating leverage. 
We did run our plants almost 100% capacity utilizations in Quarter 4. Our Quarter 4 EBITDA 
margin expanded to 12.5% versus 10.8% a year back, while for the full year we did 9% as against 
a 7.4% run rate. 
What I am sure you would appreciate is that these results could have been better had we not been 
subject to two lockdowns in a single year. On the consolidated PAT front, we achieved 4x of the 
last years results which is 32 crores versus 7.7 crores last year. 
On the CAPEX projects in the last one and a half years, like Aditya mentioned, we have 
announced a CAPEX program of 68 crores all in all to either modernize, debottleneck or expand 
our capacities. The total cumulative, let me say the incremental volume coming in from this 
CAPEX is going to be 5.5 million square meters which means this is capital efficient. At the 
same time, what I want to bring to your notice is that this CAPEX is almost 25% of my baseline 
capacity which was there in October 2020. Out of the five projects that we announced, two are 
already completed. We already restarted the MF-2 line in Quarter 3 of the last financial year. 
We also completed the modernization of our wall tile plant at Sikandrabad which is MP-1 in this 
financial year in Quarter 3. There are three more projects ongoing. One at Sikandrabad, there is 
another one going out at Dora. Hopefully, that should get concluded within this quarter. There 
is one more we are doing at Hoskote which should get done by Quarter 3 of this financial year. 
On the balance sheet front we stay comfortable on liquidity with a working capital discipline 
which we continue to show, the cash conversion cycle continues to stay below 20 days. And 
therefore, with the cash that we have on the balance sheet today, most of the CAPEX 
announcements that we have already announced should be handled via the internal accruals. 
I think with this, we can now request the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Kindly 
proceed. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Two things, first on the CAPEX which you have mentioned, if you are clearly adding 3 MSM 
capacities, so this is all debottlenecking or are you adding new lines? How exactly are these 
expansions taking up? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Rajesh there was a line which was shut down for almost 2-3 years which was MF-2 which was 
a ceramic floor plant. This was restarted, like I said, in FY21 itself. There is another project 
which was modernization one of our lines which was an existing line. We also expanded this 
line while we were modernizing the line. This also got completed in this current financial year, 
in the last financial year. There are three more which are ongoing. One is Dora, which is basically 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
conversion of ceramic to vitrified. But at the same time, we should be able to outsource the low 
value, low contribution products, let's say. So, we retain that topline, we build incremental 
volumes through that. The MF-4 expansion is essentially again extending capacity, 
debottlenecking, which should get completed within this quarter as well. The last project at 
Hoskote that is an actual replacement of an old line with a new line with higher capacity. So, its 
modernization-cum-expansion, all happening together. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, post these conversions and expansions your capacity will increase to, 35 MSM? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, 35. With the JV is 35, you are right. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Yes, with the JVs. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
and this replacement of line is what would cost you the most in terms of the Rs. 42 crores which 
you are looking at, right? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Secondly, could you suggest how is the fuel cost impacting you across three locations? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, gas prices have been going up every now and then. You know how the Henry Hub is. You 
see the prices there already. Something which was $3-$3.5 beginning of the financial year last 
year, we are currently a $7$7.5. So, more importantly, domestically also we have seen the same 
escalation in our fuel costs. Like I shared as part of my earlier speech, for us the fuel costs have 
already gone up by more than 50% this year. So, that's the escalation that we have seen. And our 
understanding is that this escalation that we saw till Quarter 4, we continue to see that even in 
April and May for example. So, prices are going up in terms of the fuel costs are going up, and 
this is a key watch area. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Could you specifically discuss on a unitary cost basis, how is it in  Siakndrabad, in your Gujarat 
plants and in Karnataka? And what are the sourcing? Where are the fuel sources from? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, Sikandrabad is basically linked to the average of three prior months crude. And the Hoskote 
is CGD, Dora is APM. These are my three own plants. The blended average of fuel for Quarter 
4 was a little shy of 50. We are already between 55-60 at the moment. When I say so these are 
the landed cost post VAT. Post considering, let's say, the UHV values as well. Does it help? 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Yes, it helps. You are saying that you are already seeing another 10% cost inflation in this quarter 
sequentially. And in this context what sort of price increase has been taken and do you see 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
margins to sustain at Q4 level or what triggers would lead to improvement in margin 
sequentially, if any? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Rajesh, we have been conservative on this front. Two things, one we have been taking price 
increases. We took a price increase again in the current quarter. Secondly, Himanshu spoke about 
almost I think 3.5% of savings which we have been able to achieve by various cost cutting 
measures in the factories and by changing some of the raw materials and power sources. So, I 
think the sense is that the current gas cost what we are seeing in this quarter, we have taken price 
increases to cover that. Let's see what the future holds for us. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
The current fuel price increase is already covered so far in Q1, sequential I mean, from Q4 to 
Q1. 
Aditya Gupta: 
I would just say it slightly differently. I would say that for Q4 I think we were a bit ahead in 
terms of we had taken price increases which were a bit ahead. In Q1 we are now at par. So, 
whatever cost increase that we are undergoing in Q1 versus Q4 is kind of taken care of. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
And in Gujarat you said you are sourcing gas from this Gujarat Gas only or some other sources? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
It’s Gujarat Gas, it’s Propane as well. So, we are taking both. This is for my JVs. For my own 
plant, Dora, we get it from GAIL which is APM like I explained. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, GAIL and  Sikandrabad, both you are taking it from GAIL? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
All the three plants which I own , GAIL, for Morbi my JV operations, like I said, then Gujarat 
Gas or Propane. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL. Kindly proceed. 
Keshav Garg: 
First of all, on behalf of all the shareholders I want to thank you for very encouraging 
performance and all our performance metrics are converging with the market leader. So, that is 
a very encouraging trend, and we hope that this trend continues. So, just wanted you to 
understand that since the past two financial years in the first quarter we were going through 
lockdowns, so that was not giving the true picture of our revenue potential. But as we know that 
Q1 is cyclically weak and Q4 is the strongest quarter. So, what kind of impact do you see from 
Q4 levels in Q1 in terms of topline, since this is a seasonally weaker quarter? Can we maintain 
this kind of topline of around Rs. 200 crores in Q1? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Keshav, thanks for your question. You have been with us from, I think all our earnings call. We 
still shy away from giving futuristic a directional statements on future revenues and earnings. 
So, I would like to pass this question. What I want to say, Keshav, is that yes you are right, the 
fourth quarter is the heaviest quarters in our industry and Q1 is kind of much lower than Q4. So, 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
I think that trend would also continue there. So, that is why rather than sequential quarter-on-
quarter growth, I think the metric to watch in our industry is the year-on-year growth. 
Keshav Garg: 
But since past two years we were like, last when we did Rs. 87 crores and surely that was due to 
the lockdown, so now we should be definitely ahead of that. Can we take the second quarter 
numbers of last year, that is September quarter of around Rs. 170 crores revenue as the baseline? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See Keshav, like Aditya mentioned, our industry goes through patches in terms of cycle. And 
this is aligned to, let's say, summers and springs, etc., of the world. I don’t think it would be 
realistic to immediately take a baseline of Quarter 2 and start comparing us on a YoY basis. I 
think a better baseline would be pre-COVID levels where were we in Quarter 1 versus what do 
we achieve in Quarter 1 now. Like Aditya mentioned, we don't want to get into guidances at the 
moment. Things are obviously robust. You saw that in Quarter 4. Let's see how things happen 
now in Quarter 1. So, I am sure we will be able to have a more fruitful discussion around this 
when we talk to you next sometime in July. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure. One thing I just wanted to give a feedback, your app is not working. I tried it across mobile 
devices, so it is showing there is no internet connection. So, you can maybe check it yourself by 
downloading your app. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Keshav, which app are you talking about, we have multiple apps? 
Keshav Garg: 
This is Orient Bell Tiles app. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Let me check this out. And I think maybe you are trying to download an app which is for our 
internal employees. Because we have not put an app for the consumer on either Google or Apple 
Store. So, you would have tried to download some of our apps which are on Android and on 
iStore. But these are only for employees or channel partners. So, you could not have downloaded. 
You can't download it because you are not a channel partner or an employee. 
Keshav Garg: 
Lastly, I wanted to understand what kind of breakage is there in the tiles across our channel, I 
mean, in terms of while transportation? And is there any scope for savings over there going 
forward? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Keshav, you are saying breakages in transit, is that what your question is? 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Keshav, we have been running a project for about two and a half years from all our 
manufacturing facilities. Every month we track whatever breakage complaints that we get. And 
for the last many quarters we have been at a Six Sigma level on the breakage complaint. And 
the way we calculate it the number of meters the breakage complaint for every lakh meter of 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
tiles shipped out. So, it is as of now minuscule. And this is a trend which we have been 
maintaining for now almost two years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss. Kindly proceed. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Just two questions from my end. Would you quantify that what are your gas prices in individual? 
I know you quantified the average in gas prices around 55 levels. But plant-wise could you 
quantify the gas prices? And what is the kind of a price hike that you have taken cumulatively 
over the year and in Q4 and when was the last price hike taken? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Sneha, the price at Sikandrabad like I mentioned is around 55 at the moment. At Hoskote it is a 
little above 60. Dora, like I said is APM. So, the price is there between 21-22, something like 
that, which is relatively cheaper than what you have in other geographies. You know what is the 
price in Morbi right now on a landed basis, which is roughly 72-74, which is the MGO price. 
So, if there is no contract the price is much steeper. In terms of our price hikes, like I mentioned 
on the call today, in the previous year there were three rounds of price increases, both for own 
manufactured products and also for trading. In terms of own manufactured, we took a price 
increase in the range of 3% to 5% in three cycles like I said, each. Similarly, in the traded 
products which are more vitrified and therefore there was a steeper price increase that was in the 
range of 6% to 8% each. Most of these price increases were gravitated towards Quarter 3 and 
this is why you see Quarter 4 the price increase is much-much more versus the full year price 
increase in ASPs. Does that answer? 
Sneha Talreja: 
You mean, there was actually no price hike taken in Q4 as such, but this was towards the end of 
Q3 which is what is reflecting in the numbers as in today? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Absolutely. And to top it up, like Aditya mentioned, we have taken a bit of a price increase now 
again. So, let's see how this quarter goes by. There are still almost 40 days in the quarter left. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And do you want to quantify the price increase? It's about 2% to 3% or slightly on the higher 
side, currently the one that… 
Aditya Gupta: 
We took a price increase of 4%, slightly more than 4% in April from our own manufacturing 
units. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Just one following question if I may ask, what is it the kind of response that you are getting from 
dealers and distributors given the steep price hike that we have taken? And what do you think 
about the dependency on Morbi at this point of time that you would have in terms of taking price 
hike? Or do you think that it's getting passed on? Just your view on the same with respect to its 
impact on demand. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Aditya Gupta: 
Sneha, in my four years of tile business, dealers and customers have always wanted lower prices, 
even when prices were going down the discussions used to be why can't it go down faster? So, 
I think that is not going to change anytime soon. From a Morbi perspective, I think the market 
for the smaller player, the unorganized players in Morbi is not so good. It has struggled because 
of multiple reasons. One of them is the steep price increase. They are all now dependent on 
Gujarat Gas. Plus, as the gas prices have almost doubled in Morbi, there are huge strains on their 
working capital requirement and as you know gas purchases are 100% formal economy. So, that 
also kind of puts pressures on some of the players there in terms of cash flows and all. So, I think 
Morbi has been down, we have seen various shutdowns in Quarter 4. And also, in April 
significant number of units continue to stay shut down in the month of April also in Morbi. So, 
this is all to the benefit of organized players. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. Kindly proceed. 
Naysar Parikh: 
First question is I just wanted to understand the split between direct institutional sales and dealer 
channel sales separately for ceramic and vitrified tiles if possible? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Mr. Parikh, we have about 90% of our sales through the dealer channel and 10% is direct 
enterprise sales. I don't have the ceramic versus vitrified breakup on this available with me 
readily. 
Naysar Parikh: 
On margin front, when you look at a ceramic versus vitrified, what is the typical margin 
difference between the two? And going forward, we obviously are at 43% vitrified. How are you 
seeing the demand outlook in your own strategy and where do you see this mix going? 
Aditya Gupta: 
The vitrified margins are better than the ceramic margins. But having said that there is a lot of 
variation. There are some ceramic products where you get very healthy margins. There are some 
vitrified products where you get terrible margins. So, I think within the vitrified space, it is GVT, 
the glazed vitrified tiles, which have got attractive margins. We have other products like Nano 
or double charge and all which have much smaller margins. I hope this answers your question. 
You asked about the 42% ceramic that we have. So, we have been working on this and we expect 
our salience of vitrified to keep increasing year-on-year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund. Kindly proceed. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Just a couple of things. The plant that typically gets its sourcing on gas from APM, what is the 
contribution of volumes from that plant? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
That's between 10 to 15%. It varies. Last year was 13% to be precise out of the own manufactured 
piece. So, we do 30% to 32% trading. So, of the 70% that we have own, of that anything between 
10% to 15%. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
And that would have seen a sharper price hike effective 1st April. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Yes, it has doubled there. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
You also mentioned that your JV operations, it keeps switching between propane and natural 
gas? So, we have seen gas prices have again increased from 1st of April by Gujarat Gas, but 
propane prices have also moved. So, is there some benefit that you still get out of using propane 
or just wanted to get some understanding around it? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
The advantage has kind of gone off. Earlier there was a steeper advantage. Now I think on a 
landed basis counting in the UHVs, counting in let's say the taxes, etc., all of that put together 
it's more or less similar. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Just a couple of other things. If we look at Morbi which is typically dependent on much higher 
gas prices and a lot of the other players where the gas cost is lower, either because their plant is 
in North where the gas cost is lower or because of APM, you think your price gap of Morbi 
versus the branded players has kind of come down over the last six to eight months. Any thoughts 
around it? 
Aditya Gupta: 
I did not understand the question. Can you just repeat please? 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Basically, where I am coming from that gas cost increase from Morbi has been far higher than 
what it has been for other players like you and the leaders, because the gas prices in North have 
not risen as much as gas prices in Morbi. So, the gas cost push for the Morbi players is much 
higher. Has that resulted in the selling price of product? The gap used to be much higher between 
you all and the Morbi players, has that gap reduced because they have taken sharper price hike 
than you guys have, is what I was trying to understand. 
Aditya Gupta: 
That understanding is correct. But I think that is not the only reason. I think also what happened 
is that post-COVID the way consumers and even to some extent, I would say channel partners 
are buying and selling tiles is changing. And as I said earlier, it is also while the cost push from 
Morbi is one factor, I think that an equally important factor is this whole formalization of their 
supply chain. Gas forces them to rely on formal banking channels to do business which brings 
in its own set of challenges. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Even just to add to Aditya, even structurally the way things are panning out, starting from demon, 
to let's say, GST implementations, to now these last 1 and 1.5 years, there's too much of new 
things which are happening, whether it's the invoicing, whether it's TDS, TCS on material 
transactions, all of that is kind of, let me say, putting more compliance cost to Morbi something 
that may have been avoiding in the past. That is also helping us in terms of them pricing the 
product versus us pricing our products. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Where I was coming from, if you look at your broad volume growth for the quarter, it is about 
4% odd if I am not wrong. Some of the peers have reported also in similar range of 2% to 4% 
kind of a growth. So, I am saying if you have gained the market share, is it fair to assume that 
industry would largely be kind of flattish or maybe declining? Is that where we are in terms of 
the industry growth, domestic tile? 
Aditya Gupta: 
In terms of volumes Abhishek? 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Absolutely volume because not considering the inflation part? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Looks like it, but I think today we have another big operator whose results will be out, so we 
will know for sure I think by tomorrow but looks like it. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
If I can add to Aditya again, whenever there is a cost push and thereafter a price increase, things 
take time to stabilize. The first reaction is demand and offtake. I think what we should also 
appreciate while we say that prices have been going up, etc., no one actually tried questioning 
this when the prices were going down. My sense is prices are only correcting. Things are coming 
back to normalcy. The advantage which existed in the past because of fragmentation, because 
of whatever reasons, that is getting ironed out. Maybe this is the new normal. And the sooner 
people get aligned to that, I think the offtake will increase again. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Mahajan from Axis Securities. Kindly proceed. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
My question is related to your demand. This quarter the volume growth is 4%. How do you see 
the demands going onwards? As we have seen that the inflation is there like we can say the 
commodity prices have been increased to a greater extent so is it impacting the demand? Can we 
say that its housing cycle is still working or due to inflation it is impacted? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, first of all, we need to have a view on what India is supposed to do which is to build houses. 
The second view that we need to express whether people want better houses or not, better 
commercial facilities or not. I think the short and sweet answer to that is yes, people want 
improvement. People want more houses. If this is an underlying factor which is going to play, I 
am sure that the demand over a medium to long-term is intact and will rather go up, based on 
the per capita consumptions that we have on  tiles now in this country versus our global peers. 
You should remember that tiles is now not a commodity, it's a branded packaged commodity, 
that way. And it has multiple appliances, multiple users. If you are alive to that idea, tiles is the 
future, as simple as that. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
In Tier-2, Tier-3 cities all these housing demand, clients are deferring the housing demand or 
still the demand is intact? 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Aditya Gupta: 
I think demand is intact. There could be a month or two plus or minus. But I think the demand 
is secular, demand is intact. All estimates are that India will grow between 7% to 8% in this 
financial year. And with real estate being one of the biggest sectors in the economy, I guess real 
estate is going to grow faster. We are seeing news for example, about the unsold inventory going 
down dramatically in some of the major markets and with RERA now being the old news and 
the whole construction sector is far more disciplined than what it was 7-8 years back. So, things 
are improving, and we are seeing large projects being launched. We are seeing large projects 
being executed on time also. So, I think demand is there to stay. Yes, the interest rates in the last 
2-3 years have been very low and yes, they will go back. But if you see, the housing demand in 
India has been robust even when the interest rates have been say in double digits or more. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Just a last one that we are also increasing prices, cement prices are already increased, TMT bars 
prices are already increased, so this high increase in prices are impacting the demand, just trying 
to understand. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
You know how much tiles as a percentage of the cost of production?  
Aditya Gupta: 
Cost of house in say in Mumbai. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Would do you know that?  
Ankush Mahajan: 
No. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
On an average pan India it's around 1%. If it is 1%, including the cost of laying, it could be 
anything between 1%, 1.5%. My ASP has gone up by only 11% in the full year. So, would that 
be material enough for someone to defer his buying decisions? I don't think so. The other thing 
that you should also appreciate when you talk about demand is the supply side. We know that 
the pricing differentials between Morbi and  us are reducing. We know there is a preference for 
our products much more than what it was in the past. The channel is coming back. Customers 
want quality supply, consistent supply. All of these factors are also giving us, let me say market 
share gains versus the unbranded players, or the fragmented players so to say. So, I think you 
have to consider all of these when we talk about demand. And like I said, tiles is clearly the 
future. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Ankush, I will just repeat another piece of information. In March 2022, we got about 4 lakh 
visitors on the Orient Bell website which in March 2021 was about 1,20,000 odd people. So, 
while all these price increases happened, as I said, the price increases happened in Quarter 3 of 
FY22 and even then, the website traffic is growing multiple times. So, that's also a sign that 
people are taking it in their stride. There might be temporary blips. There might be speed 
breakers and all, but directionally I think things are moving at the right pace and in the right 
ways. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Even I have used this website. That is a nice initiative especially the brochure and this website. 
That's a nice initiative.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Kindly proceed. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Just couple of questions, regarding Morbi only how has our sourcing mix changed in the Q4? 
Propane and gas mix, where does it stand now? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
One of the JVs actually uses propane. We continue to do so. The other JV uses natural gas. 
Again, we continue to do so. Like I shared earlier, the differential is hardly anything between 
propane and natural gas now. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And just a follow up to that only. I am trying to understand, what we know is that industrial gas 
is much easier to use in comparison to propane. So, how does the decision-making work 
basically when we choose propane over industrial gas or industrial gas over propane, at what 
difference or at what levels are we indifferent towards both the commodities? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
There are two sides, one is the infrastructure that you need to have to be able to use a particular 
kind of fuel. Unless you have that you will not be able to use. So, propane requires different 
infrastructure, gas requires different. The propane plant that I talked about; we do have a 
flexibility to switch to natural gas at any point in time. So, for us it's pure economics. There is 
another angle to it, which is seeking approvals. You have to have approvals to be able to use a 
particular kind of fuel. And this also takes time. So, economics, infrastructure and the approvals, 
all three come into play while deciding which fuel do you want to go into. End of the day, you 
have to look after your own paybacks. So, economics is going to overrule kind of everything. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Minimum offtake for the industrial gas. What I am trying to understand is, is there a minimum 
quantity that we have to buy which basically prevents us from going to propane? Does any kind 
of agreement exist? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Typically, you end up using the same fuel for the full month. You don't change in between the 
month and all and because the way Gujarat Gas works is either you have to enter into a quarterly 
or a monthly commitment on gas. So, if the rate of propane is more than what Gujarat Gas is 
offering then you would enter into an agreement, then you will do propane for the full month. If 
Gujarat Gas rate is comparable, then you will do Gujarat Gas for the month. Within a month you 
don’t use both the fuels ever. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan B from Asian Market Securities Pvt. Ltd., kindly 
proceed. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Karan B: 
I just wanted to understand the competitive intensity shaping up in Morbi because we hear 14- 
15 new units for refurbishments have come up with a bigger claim and sizable capacities. So, 
how the utilizations are shaping for those? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Currently these units have come up and I think most of the plannned units have come up. But 
the fact is also that they have all been delayed between six to nine months. They were expected 
to be up before Diwali last year, but they have kind of all been delayed because of various 
challenges on logistics and supply side constraints from manufacturer and all. Units have come 
up, but the fact also is that a large number of units are under shutdown because they are finding 
it difficult to sell it at the price today. The cost is much more. So, I think for the new units in 
Morbi a bit of a tough time. They are trying to find their feet struggling at this point of time. And 
that's why I expect that not too much new capacity will come up in Morbi in this financial year. 
I think people are going to wait and watch for some time. Until and unless this capacity gets 
absorbed, people are unlikely to go in for some mega expansions in the next six to nine months. 
Karan B: 
And also, one thing while we are seeing cost inflation in natural gas, packaging, paper, so which 
are the other expense heads where we can have some control and try to maintain our margins? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See you are right. Everything is moving, whether it is raw materials, whether it is freight, whether 
it is energy, everything is moving, and we are trying to do our best in terms of ensuring that on 
a like-for-like basis, we are able to save more and more. So, for example, just to share with you, 
the moment open access was allowed in UP, we immediately started trading IEX. We saved 
money via that as well. Our power mixes in terms of what we do via trading in solar combined 
is now 44% versus 15%. So, there is a meaningful gain of 29% on which there is a saving which 
is flowing into the P&L. Similarly, on fuel we have saved money on consumption. We have 
saved money on mixes as well, that continues. I think power and fuel is the bigger element. 
Obviously, we try and see how our process losses are vis-à-vis the past, vis-à-vis let's say the 
peers , whatever info we get, and we try and improve upon that. So, that's an ongoing project on 
efficiency. 
Aditya Gupta: 
I like to add one thing to what Himanshu has said. You must have seen in our  investor 
presentation how our payables have gone down from say 63 days last year to 54 days. So, we 
are paying our suppliers nine days earlier and we have healthy cash balances and we have been 
deploying these cash balances, promising better payment terms to our suppliers and getting some 
kind of discounts. So, that is another way that we have kind of kept cost increases in check. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Bodani, an individual investor, kindly proceed. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
We used to talk about all the margin levers that we have at our disposal and great to see that we 
have started to utilize them very well. So, my first question is on ASP. You have seen a rise from 
239 to 266 for the financial year. How much of this would be from price hikes alone and how 
much of this would be actual premiumization of the sales volume we did? 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Aditya Gupta: 
70% is price hike and 30% is through our product-mix change.  
Sarvesh Bodani: 
You have mentioned that a lot of small players in Morbi are facing working capital issues and 
gas prices are very high. So, do you see an opportunity for inorganic expansion? Are we looking 
in that area or not? 
Aditya Gupta: 
We are open to opportunities and if there is an opportunity, we would definitely evaluate that, 
but it all depends on when you have a good takeover candidate available on the horizon. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
But you are open to it is what you are saying. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Yes. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
We had entered the Maharashtra market a few quarters back. So, I was just asking how well that 
is doing, is it on track whatever we had planned? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Maharashtra was always a market. It's not that it was not. We have kind of increased our focus 
on South and West as a region. And yes, Maharashtra is doing pretty well. We have a new Zonal 
Head who's been there placed for more than a year now. So, things are fine. I think we are putting 
in more investments into South and West agenda. If you would have seen, we are building up 
capacities of modernizing, etc., in Dora and Hoskote. The end purpose is obviously that, scale 
up. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
With all the capacity expansions we will have in the next financial year in FY23 and with all the 
price hikes we have taken, would it be fair to say that the peak revenue whenever we are able to 
achieve that would be north of Rs. 1300 crores now, any such number you can share? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
You are asking me a question which like we always say on our calls, we don't want to get into 
future guidances. I think you see our results already, the last nine months on a normalized basis. 
So, I discount Q1 where the lockdown impact was there. We did more than Rs. 555-560 crores 
kind of a topline. So, per quarter 188-189, that's the number that we have been able to achieve 
on an average. Let's see where we reach. I think the market is big and we are trying to put 
strategic investments, trying to see where capital can be best deployed to earn the maximum for 
our shareholders. So that strategy will continue to play. Obviously, topline is important, so is 
profitability, so we will keep a fine, let me say, balance of both sides. 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
I am not asking for a number for the next financial year or anything like that. I am just asking 
what is the kind of peak revenue you will be able to do with the capacities we have, whenever 
we are able to achieve it?  
Himanshu Jindal: 
I would request you to hold on to that. Let me get a full 12 month normalized cycle. So, let's 
wait for some more quarters and then we can talk about it perhaps. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Sarvesh Bodani: 
Alright. And we are doing a bit low on the volume growth like for Quarter 4 also in spite of all 
the price hikes we have been able to take, our revenue growth is looking quite nice. Otherwise, 
the volume growth is a bit on the lower side. So, do you see it getting back to say double digit 
or low double digit, just ballpark or you wouldn't like to guide on that aspect also? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
I can only say Quarter 1 last year was bad for obvious reasons, so Quarter 1 this year hopefully 
should be good. Let's wait for the numbers to mature and then we talk about it as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Senthil Nathan from NAFA AMC-. Kindly proceed.  
Senthil Nathan: 
This 100% utilization is on 30 million square meters or 32 million square meters, including the 
1.1 MSM capacity of MF-2 restart? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Our capacity utilizations when I say 100% is for our own manufactured capacities. So, the 
Sikandrabad, Hoskote. Dora, whatever it was in play in Quarter 4 on that basis we achieved 
almost close to 100% capacity utilizations. That was around 41.3. 
Senthil Nathan: 
And out of the 16 crores CAPEX how much is already completed?  
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, two are already done. I said there was a ceramic floor plant which was lying idle which was 
restarted already in FY21. There's a plant which is ceramic wall plant at Sikandrabad, the 
modernization and expansion of that which is a 0.7 million square meters was also done in FY22. 
So, these two are already done which is 1.8 million. The balance 3.7 is something which is in 
the pipeline. A good portion of that should happen in this quarter itself. And then there is balance 
Hoskote 1.8 million which should ideally happen in Quarter 3. We should be wary of the supply 
chain disruptions as what Aditya talked about. So, barring that risk I think we are fairly optimistic 
about our guidance on the CAPEX. 
Senthil Nathan: 
The Hoskote plant is close to 1.8 million square meters? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
No, Hoskote is close to 4.8 million square meters and there is an additional 1.8 which should 
come up like I said in Quarter 3. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investment. Kindly proceed? 
Vignesh Iyer: 
I would like to ask you about this revenue split of your trading and your own manufacturing in 
terms of that, I wanted to know what is the EBITDA split of your own and trading revenue for 
Quarter 4 as well as FY22 entirely? If you would give me the number exactly? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, we don't publish EBITDA between own and trading. In terms of the revenue split, like I 
said, it is 68:32, and the trading contributions are very clearly visible in the P&L, so that should 
be available. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, you don't give the EBITDA split, okay. Just one more thing about I actually didn’t get it 
right. I just want to know some gentleman asked you about the price increase that you took last 
year, and you said there were three rounds of price increase if I am not wrong. I just wanted to 
know, you said it is 4% to 5% for your own production. So, you mean 4% to 5% each round of 
price increase or I didn't get it. I just wanted to know how much was it? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Surely. I said there were three rounds of price increases for own, which was 3% to 5%, not 4% 
5%, 3% to 5% each. Cumulatively, there's almost 10%, 11%, which has come in via the price 
increases on the own manufactured products. For the traded products I said, this was steeper. 
This was in the range of 6% to 8% each in three rounds, cumulatively around 20%, 21%. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And followed by 4% price increase in the month of April, right? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Own manufactured only. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just one more question. You have got this flexibility in Morbi for 10 MSM. So, what is the 
utilization for that facility? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
They are operating almost 100%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Namit Mehta from KC Capital. Kindly proceed.  
Namit Mehta: 
Can you discuss, what as the management you view as potential competitive advantages? And 
as a corollary to that how are you building towards that in context of the larger scale competitors 
today? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Four years back when we started out on this journey to modernize OBL, we were very clear that 
by doing things which our bigger competitors have been doing for many years, we are not really 
going to make a big difference. So, we had chartered out a different game plan. Part of our game 
plan is that we are, I would say, we adopted digital not just in the last two years but starting four 
years back. And our teams not just the sales team even our channel partners, also across different 
functions are far-far more digitally savvy than I would say any other competitor. Our vision has 
been for the last 3 years very steadfast, very unifying for the whole team and which is to make 
tiles buying and selling easier. And this cuts across departments. It cuts across every interaction 
and every touch point that we have either internally or externally with customers. So, we have a 
host of apps. We have a host of tools which are helping our customers, not just the dealers, but 
also the end customer to visualize how tiles will look in their space in their house. We have very 
actively visited website which is helping people make choices about what kind of tiles and what 
design of tiles to buy. So, this is all that we are doing. We are also doing some of the traditional 
stuff which is, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have opened last financial year one 
new dealer every single day. We have opened net adds on Orient Bell tile boutiques which are 
display centers has been one per week. So, we have been adding distribution, we have been 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
adding display, and we have been adding a lot of digital tools which help our salespeople, and 
our channel partners sell out more. And I think that is our differentiator. Plus, I think because 
we are very small, we also work a lot harder. 
Namit Mehta: 
Just one follow-up to that. Can you help me understand at a point of sale, so at one of your 
dealerships or a boutique store, or even at a multi brand outlet, what is it at the point of sale that 
makes the sale differentiated or easier both for the salesperson as well as for the buyer? I think 
I understand it from a digital and pre-sales point of view, but is there anything that you would 
categorize as a differentiator at the point of sale as well? 
Aditya Gupta: 
For example, one is how you display your product. If you were to go to our boutique, you will 
find a QR code on every tile which has been displayed there. You can just scan the QR code, 
and it takes you straight to the website where you get a description of what that tile is. It tells 
you whether the stock is available in my plant or no for that tile. And it kind of suggests it gives 
you a few ambiences on how these tiles could be used and where all these tiles could be used 
and all. So, as a consumer who does not know much about tiles, it's once in a lifetime kind of a 
decision, you feel a lot of reassurance and a lot of confidence about the tile and how it will look 
in your space. Continuing with this, my channel partner could then just go to his channel partner 
app, and very confident just look at the stock position in my plant which is a real-time stock 
position and confirm to the customer in how many days the stock would be made available. So, 
this is just one example. And as you said a lot of pre-sales work is happening on the website 
today across categories and our category also it has just started with OBL. So, the customer kind 
of comes to the showroom to the market with half their mind made up, that I should buy OBL. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you so much for your patience and support. We look forward to meeting you again post 
our Quarter 1 results. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Orient Bell Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
