KIMS
HOSPITALS'"
24't'May,2022
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcript of Eamings Conference Call with Analyst / [nvestors.
In Continuation to our letter dated 11 May 2022 the Company had organized a conference call with the
Investors/ Analysts on Friday. 20 May 2022 at 9:00 am (lST). A copy ofTranscript ofconference call
held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been uploaded on the
Company's Website at lr1tps://w! v.k imshojplla!s.qom/slakehqlderrel4lialV
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website ofyour exchange.
Thanking you.
Yours trul)
For Krishna Institute of Medical Scienccs
.t
Fl--\St-^.,,,'-i--..-
I mashankar Manlha
Company Secre tary & Compliance
Krishno lnstitute of Medicol Sciences Limited
Minister Rood, Secunderobod - 50O OO3. Telongono lndio
phone: +91404488 SOOO/4444 5144 I Fox: *91-4O-27840980 | kimshospitols.com
CIN: L551O1TG1973PLCO4O558
The General Manager,
Department of Corporate services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd (BSE)
Phiroze Jheejheebhoy Towers.
Dalal Street.
Mumbai - .100 001 .
Scrip Code - 543 308
ISIN: INE967H0l0l7
The Manager,
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza. 5th Floor,
Plot No.C/1. 'G' Block
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Mumbai - 400 05 I .
Symbol - KIMS
lSlN: INE967H0l017
td'r\I
)
./.:
----<<r\
)oaY
SECUNDERABAD I KONDAPUR
NELLoRE I RA,JAHMUNDRY I SRIKAKULAM I ONGOLE IVIZAG IANANTAPUR IKURNOOL

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“KIMS Hospital Q4 FY-22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. BHASKAR RAO BOLLINENI - FOUNDER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DR. ABHINAY BOLLINENI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VIKAS MAHESHWARI – CFO 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JEEWANI – IIFL 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the KIMS Hospital Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Hi good morning every one this is Rahul from IIFL Institutional Equities I welcome you all to 
the Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call of KIMS Hospital and I thank the KIMS 
management team for giving us the opportunity to host this call today from KIMS we have us 
Dr. Bhaskar Rao Bollineni – Founder and Managing Director, Dr. Abhinay Bollineni – 
Executive Director and CEO and Mr. Vikas Maheshwari – CFO. Over to you sir for your opening 
comments. 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni: 
Good morning, Rahul, and all the investors who are present on this day. I extend a hearty 
welcome to all of you for the investor’s meeting. The corona wave has gone but the heat wave 
is on. The country is reeling under sweltering heat and I hope you are taking all necessary 
precautions to safeguard yourselves. Healthcare expert, we are always concerned about your 
health. 
Coming to financial health: 
The board had approved the results for the period ended March 31st, 2022, I am happy to 
announce that the results have been healthy all parameters showing an upward trend. First of all, 
the results of quarter four FY2021-FY2022, the consolidated total income showed an increase 
of 5% against quarter four FY2020-FY2021 which stood as Rs.3805 million for Q4, FY2021-
FY2020. Consolidated EBITDA for Q4, FY2021-FY2022 had showed an increase of 16% 
corresponding period for Q4, FY2020-FY2021 stood at Rs.1218 million for Q4 FY2021-
FY2022. 
Now, I will present details for the full financial year FY2021-FY2022: 
The consolidated total income for financial year 2021-FY2022 recorded as increase of 25% at 
Rs.16,711 million over the FY2021, which was Rs.13401 million. Consolidated EBITDA grew 
by 41% from Rs.3800 million to Rs.5360 million for FY2021-FY2022 mainly due to a case mix, 
peer mix and cost optimization. Consolidated PAT saw an increase of 67% from Rs.2055 million 
to Rs.3438 million. EBITDA margin grew from 28% previous year to 32% in current year. 
primarily due to effective cost control and operating leverage. 
Earnings per share on a diluted basis has increased to Rs.41.88 in FY2022 against Rs.26.42 in 
FY2021. Moving to operational highlights, IP volume grew 17% and OP volume grew by 22% 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
FY2021 to FY2022. Average revenue per operating bed improved Rs.25,323  in FY2022 from 
Rs.20609 in FY2021, mainly due to better peer mix and increase in complex surgeries and 
procedures. Average revenue per patient increased from Rs.113,904 in FY2021 to Rs.121232 in 
FY2022. 
The clinical achievements during this quarter: 
World’s best auto-guide implantation for deep brain stimulation using artificial intelligence done 
by neurosurgeons at KIMS Hospital Secunderabad. Doctors at KIMS Secunderabad gave a 
prosthetic testis to a 23-year-old who had lost it due genetic reasons in Chelur. Complex case of 
tailgut is treated successfully by doctors at KIMS Hospital, Kondapur. Peripheral woman 
suffering from clots in legs treated without surgery at KIMS Hospital, Kondapur. Nine-months 
baby underwent successful liver transplant surgery at KIMS Hospital at Secunderabad. A five-
year-old girl with a large coronary cameral fistula a rare congenital problem was successfully 
treatment at KIMS ICON Vizag. A 42-year-old gave birth to preterm baby successfully at KIMS 
Saveera, Anantapur. A 10-months baby successfully underwent a complex kidney surgery at 
KIMS Saveera, Anantapur. Complex case of pituitary tumor treated successfully at KIMS ICON, 
Vizag. Critical position of left main bifurcation was successfully done through angioplasty at 
KIMS ICON, Vizag. 
In a rare feet, KIMS Kurnool doctors removed 11 bone formations around ankle of a patient. 
KIMS Kurnool doctors performed a rare procedure by inserting a stent in the liver to save the 
life of the patient. Successful treatment of such critical cases is matter of great professional 
satisfaction, speaks volumes of the professional expertise and medical infrastructure available 
with us at various centers.  Why are we explained various clinical achievements in such a detail 
is to show how quality care at affordable cost is made available across all the centers of KIMS 
uniformly. It is not just a confined to Secunderabad or Kondapur but all our centers excellent 
treatment and facilities are available. 
As we always feel as a KIMS family treating the good patients, getting a good brand it always 
reflects the investor’s investment. Digital initiatives, there is a steady progress in digital 
transformation with notable initiatives as below. Remote patients monitoring technology was 
develop in the wards integrated with a digital nursing application. Digital application were 
flexible to meet the needs of bed management and telemedicine consultant of Omicron COVID 
cases resulting in a safer and convenient patient experience during challenging times. KIMS 
hospitals is well on the way to take the next steps in Doctors ordering text on a mobile app 
completely digital patient experience and resource optimization we are continuously taking 
initiatives for digital progress to achieve optimum results.  ESG initiatives as mentioned in our 
earlier meeting KIMS Secunderabad has partnered with Smart George Private Limited, a 
prominent energy service company in 2018. 
A new and innovative model known as zone space was executed wherein KIMS make zero-
capital investment to implement various energy conservation measures across the hospital get a 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
guaranteed energy saving minimum of 10% annually over the baseline energy consumption.  For 
FY2021-2022, the total energy consumption saved worked out to 23.1%. Total energy cost 
saving achieved amount to Rs.280 lakhs. In real life terms, the energy conservation achieved 
translates to following, 38178 households getting electricity, 93 lakhs came as less driven, 94366 
trees planted. Expansion, we have vision to statistically expand our presence in various places, 
we extend our reach to needy and further enhance value of our investment. In the last, meeting 
I apprised you about our acquisition of the prestigious Sunshine hospitals that have become a 
part of KIMS now. 
Today, I am happy to announce yet another stride made by us in the trajectory of our expansion. 
KIMS entered into MoU with Dr. Raj Nagarkar of Manavata Hospitals to set up a multispecialty 
hospital known as KIMS Manavata Hospital in Nashik with a bed capacity of 320 beds with a 
cost of Rs.200-Rs.250 crores. KIMS still hold a majority stake of 51% in the proposed hospital. 
Dr. Nagarkar, our collaborator is a legendary oncological surgeon with a rich experience of more 
than two decades. The hospital is expected to start functioning by March 2024, we find that there 
is a lot of potential in Maharashtra, we are confident that our foray into Nashik will pave way 
for the further expansion in Maharashtra in coming years. 
Our presence in Central India will give a fill-up to our group in its drive. Earlier we had to plans 
to set our foot in Chennai. We found this opportunity in Nashik to be more attractive and full of 
potential. Our expertise in running hospital state of law infrastructure coupled with vast reservoir 
of good of Dr. Raj Nagarkar due to his longstanding reputation in Nashik stand us in a good 
steady and yield good results. This is a special news for this meeting and I am sure you are happy 
with the development. What we have been already done with Sunshine Hospitals we are 
progressing much more than what we expected that is another good news for all of you. 
Gradually, set of COVID are receded and we are back to normal levels of activity. The footfalls 
are also increasing post-COVID. As you are aware, KIMS has made a name for itself in organ 
transplantation and we are happy to state that we able to sustain the good work in the specialized 
areas. 
KIMS is once again a vibrant in the academic field and a number of seminars and workshops 
are taking place on a regular basis as before I am glad to announce that shortly we are coming 
with the KIMs new letter on wellness every month and we intent to send the same to all our 
shareholders.  This will have a valuable tips and health, wellness and other related issues. I am 
sure you will find it useful; we have your e-mail ids with us and with your permission we will 
be sending you the bulletins that will be beneficial to you. 
I would like to conclude now assuring you.  That we will be on the forth front in serving the 
patients and also protecting them and promoting the interest of our investors. Thank you very 
much.  We can open it for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. Please go ahead. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Praveen Sahay: 
The first question is related to the matured SLT i.e., Nellore, Rajahmundry and Srikakulam. If I 
look at the revenue in the last three years, we have not grown much out there. So, can you a give 
guidance related these facilities, how you are looking at? 
Dr. Abhinay Bollineni: 
These facilities, yes has not been able to grow in the last years but largely because of capacity 
constraints. So, all three locations we have taken initiatives where we are going to build new 
facilities and expand the current hospital which will add more bed capacity and new clinical 
specialty which will help them grow. All of them are for example Srikakulam, we have already 
had land parcel in the company for quite some time. This year we are pretty confident we will 
get permission to scale up the current bed capacity by an incremental 150-200 beds and add a 
lot of new clinical therapies which will help almost double the occupancy over a period of time. 
Like is the case with Nellore, we had made some structural changes to the way that was operating 
because of bed crunch we had to let go off  Aarogyasri as a scheme in Nellore because we have 
overwhelming footfall from cash patient. We recently acquired a piece of land which is a 
kilometer away from the current hospital.  We believe that we can construct at least 200 beds 
largely for scheme patients and other new clinical therapy and that will also help Nellore grow. 
As far as Rajahmundry, this has been a very promising hospital in Andhra. Unfortunately, we 
have not been able to get the right land parcel for us to build a very large campus.  Current one 
is only 120 beds and largely driven by cardiac but in the next 2-3 months we should conclude 
on land and be able to build a larger hospital. So, that we can add new therapies like oncology, 
mother and child, give space for the other specialties to grow. 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni: 
To add more on what Dr. Abhinay has pointed out, this is the three hospitals which we have built 
with less than 200 bedded capacity in the beginning then we realized that most of our hospitals 
turned would be more than 400, 350 like that. 
Praveen Sahay: 
That was helpful, Sir related to that as you said the two of the facilities are expansion of beds.  
Also you had Sunshine which is one lower occupancy to improve, then again you had acquired 
in Nashik. Further there is also chances in the earlier calls you had said about the Mumbai as 
well so like how you are actually planning your entire assets like everywhere the expansion and 
good expansion you are and the JV also ahead with. So, what is your strategy the way forward 
for a total, how much is the bed capacity you are looking at in the near terms in the next two 
years’ time and how to make them full operational and improve the operational efficiency there, 
can you talk about that. 
Dr. Abhinay Bollineni: 
Sure, like we said in our presentation earlier, we are focusing only in cluster growth and cluster 
approach. So, earlier we were talking about further consolidating in AP and Telangana. Then 
going greenfield in Karnataka, Tamil Naidu and looking at acquisition opportunities in Central 
India and we still continue to wanting to do the same we adding more capacity in Telangana for 
example we recently acquired Sunshine, we are expanding the current Sunshine Hospitals so 
that we can blink in more clinical therapies and more clinician and we also improving the 
EBITDA margin if you look what Sunshine was able to do over the last 4-5 years we have 
actually in the last 5-6 months been able to make significant improvement and we believe once 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
they move to newer facility and the newer beds are operational, we will then be able to further 
optimize, the revenue and further optimize the costs. As far as, Andhra is concern largely about 
expanding the mature and non-mature hospitals ranging from 50 bed addition to almost 150-200 
beds addition. So, this consolidates almost 1800 incremental beds over the next 3-5 years.  Just 
in AP and Telangana which is the core market out of which we operate. Now beyond this we 
said Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, we have decided to put Tamil Nadu on hold given 
the opportunities that we getting in Central India and Maharashtra and we believe that we will 
look at acquisitions for the short term in Maharashtra where it could joint ventures, any 
brownfield and that is how it is all panned out. So, whatever we are looking in Nashik, in 
Bombay, in Nagpur and few other micro markets all of them are in partnership with local doctors 
and all of them are either operational or to be operational in short-term and because we have a 
very strong local doctor connect and local partnership where our resources always been that we 
look at partnership with doctors be able to attract good talent and that will help propel and grow 
the hospital that is what we are continuing to do.  As far as Karnataka is concern, because we 
believe a large opportunity is there, we have a very strong management team on ground, we 
want to build a greenfield opportunity in that market because very synergistic to AP and 
Telangana. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Last question on the bookkeeping, so how much is on a ALOS for Q4 and how much is the 
operating bed currently you have and also can you give a capex number for FY2023 and FY2024. 
Dr. Bhaskar Rao B: 
I think the ALOS I will take, I will have Vikas answer you rest of it. The ALOS for Q4 is 4.6 
against 4.7 of Q3 of FY2022. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
And as far as the debt is concern Praveen there is still net cash surplus company, on the gross 
debt side we have a debt of roughly Rs.146 crores but against that we have a fixed deposit of 
Rs.155 crores plus cash balance. So, it is a net cash surplus company on debt so far. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 Capex for FY2023, FY2024. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Capex for FY2023, it all depends upon the opportunity which we are pursuing and rectifying, so 
we expect this, Bangalore we have taken the definitive step and the Nashik we have taken the 
definitive steps. So, on these two assets, we have already told that in the Nashik we will spending 
roughly in the first phase Rs.160-180 crores to set up first phase of the hospital and for the 
Bangalore, we will be spending something like that Rs.325-350 crores. So, we expect that 
Nashik money to go in the next 12 months’ time and Bangalore of almost 70%-75% and all 
depends upon the balance opportunity which we are pursuing right now. So, there is a two clarity 
right now in terms of brownfield acquisition which we are pursuing is Bangalore and Nashik. 
On that roughly you can take, roughly Rs.500 crores outflow on these two assets in 12 to 18 
months’ time. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 And operating bed Sir, current we have total. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Management: 
The operating beds have not changed from the last which we have seen in the quarter three. So, 
the operational bed remains 2246 on the bed capacity 3064. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Agarwal from Credit Suisse. Please 
go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Just a clarity on that the Nashik that you have mentioned. So, you guys have 51% stake 160-180 
crores is all what you will be putting in, so Dr. Nagarkar is not putting his equity? 
Management: 
Anubhav, it is partnership between 51% and 49% with Dr. Nagarkar. The project cost estimated 
to be at around 160-180 crores which was the first phase and out of that roughly Rs.90-Rs.100 
will come as the equity and the balance as a debt. So, we will be infusing something like that 
Rs.40-Rs.50 crores as equity as this part  and balance worth will be infused by Dr. Raj Nagarkar. 
So, land and building is already in his name so that will come as the equity into the company 
which is being valued in the process of being valuations. So, we expect the valuation should be 
at around Rs.40-Rs.50 crores that will come as an equity as this part and then balance we will 
infuse.  So, that is the structure as of time. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
And about Dr. Nagarkar also, I see that he also has 49% stake in HCG, Manavata and he will 
have 49% stake in there. So, that is oncology one and this multispecialty one but he will continue 
to have a dual hat and that going to be engagement in this kind of structure? 
 Management: 
He is practicing clinician Anubhav, so he will continue to play his role as a practicing clinician 
in this space of oncology. We will continue to build using his contact, his leverage on the 
multispecialty part, so we are not expecting him to pursue anything actively for us in that market 
other than helping us get access to good clinician, and getting access to the right talent in that 
market. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
And what could be the potential ARPOB for this hospital. 
Management: 
So, what we have noticed in that market is around Rs.27000-Rs.30000 but what we have 
modeled is something around Rs.25,000 assuming that we will be priced little lower than 
competitors. 
 Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay, useful. Some data point clarity just first on the peer mix if I look at your peer mix which 
you guys have shared in nine months for this fiscal and for the full year. If I try to get fourth 
quarter out of it, it looks like Aarogyasri patient have jumped up to more than 15% in Q4. 
Management: 
Anubhav, you are correct, the cash patient in the Q4 was 58%, insurance is the part which has 
come down from the 20% to 14% and corporate and Aarogyasri has been 27% now. So, that is 
correct. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
So, what about this quarter some special thing happened or because this is quite inferior mix will 
it continue? 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Management: 
Anubhav, very good questions, what we have seen in FY2022 because of the COVID there was 
some disruption in terms of the corporate patients coming into the hospital because in terms of 
COVID and high-end patients for the clinical physicians who are coming here were mostly 
covered under the cash initials and we saw initial percentage and both cash percentage going up. 
So. if you go to the history back in 1920, if see in our FY2020, our corporate and Aarogyasri 
business was roughly 28% which has come down to 22% in FY2021 and now it is 21% again 
for the full year for the FY2022.  We believe that we will be able to maintain at the same status 
which is right now. So, for the next year, you will see roughly 78% coming from the cash and 
insurance and roughly 22% coming from Aarogyasri and corporate. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
So, you are saying that Q4 is an exception, this trend will not continue because you are guiding 
that  
 Management: 
Correct. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
And just clarity on Telangana cluster, there the number suggest that utilization have increased 
dramatically in this quarter and above that they sharply reduced towards the third quarter. For 
example, our number seems to suggest that utilization increased to almost 60% compared to 
50% in third quarter and ARPOB dropped to 37,000 versus 47,000 in third quarter. Are we doing 
correct calculation or can you guide what are the numbers? 
Management: 
I think the occupancy have been very similar so in Telangana cluster we referring to two hospital 
Anubhav, we taking about Kondapur and Secunderabad for the quarter four, is it that the 
question? 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yes correct. 
Management: 
So, nothing for this quarter has been substantially different from the quarter before the ARPOB 
remain the same there has been a 5% dip in volume because of the disruption of the third wave 
and because of less number days in February but that is usual but when you compare it Q3 kind 
of a number but it is not that the occupancy have gone up substantially. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Maybe some error I can check with Vikas later on there. And last question on Sunshine what is 
the utilization that we are operating it right now or let in the Q4 what is the utilization? 
Management: 
In Q4 it is still around that 50% kind of an occupancy but what we have been to do so far is lot 
of operational efficiency has been brought in, the revenue ramp up, I do not know if you aware 
of what we are doing with Sunshine but there are two facilities, one of the facility we have 
already started rebranding it and renovating it which is in Gachibowli and we believe by the end 
of this financial year we will be able to take it to 55%-60%, 65% kind of an occupancy from a 
current 35%-40% occupancy. The other facility which is Begumpet which is running currently 
at 50% occupancy we moving that out from the current building to a new facility which will be 
a little larger more attractive to attract clinicians and patients.  We are hoping that to happen by 
the end of the year. Once that happens, we are expecting the overall revenue potential growth 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
could be on an upside of 35%-40% and also a lot of that will translate to operating leverage and 
better margin expansion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir I just wanted inpatient revenue and outpatient revenue for entire year and for the quarter. 
Management: 
I can give it roughly Rs. 10811 mn the IP level and the balance is pharmacy and OP revenue. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And for the entire year? 
Management: 
This is for the entire year, I have told you. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. 
Management: 
And for the quarter was 240 was the IP revenue and the balance is the pharmacy and OP revenue 
income. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And Sir, one more question on the cash flow front so last year cash from operations were roughly 
Rs.350 crores which has dipped to Rs.325 crores. So, any specific reason because I see that the 
taxes paid are almost Rs.37 crores to Rs,127 crores so what is our assessment over there because 
we will have to reinvest those cash flows for the acquisition right? 
Management: 
No in the cashflow what has happened in FY2021 once the phase 1 was going on, the government 
was very proactive in releasing the income tax refund etc., so whatever the cash flow item you 
are seeing for the tax payment roughly Rs.40 crores was the tax refund which we have received. 
So, if we adjust to that I think you will get that number. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
So, what is the run rate that we can expect roughly OCF to EBITDA conversion, would be 
maintained at the current level. 
Management: 
So, you are asking for the cash generation means net of the working capital adjustment, here we 
have seen roughly 67% of generation of the net operating cash flow from the EBITDA. I think 
we should be at 67% to 70% run rate on this. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And Sir, talking about the competitive landscape we see lot of regional players on the scaling up 
fast, we see lot organized list players also loaded with cash. So, any competitive landscape if 
you could provide? 
Management: 
Competitive landscape in our geography, in the geography we operate? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes Sir, and what are the number of beds per 1000 patients something of that sort. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Management: 
Okay. Hyderabad had always been a very competitive market. I think the bed addition in the 
organized sector or what we consider as competition for the last years 3-4 years we have seen at 
least 500-700 beds being added on an year-on-year basis but I think except for one hospital that 
is scheduled to commissioned by the end of this year, we are not seeing anything in the near 
future i.e., in the next 3-4 years come up in a large scale. So, in spite of the beds that got added 
in the last 3-4 years we have been able to scale up pretty well in our existing hospital beyond 
this year we do not see any more incremental beds most, whatever is getting added is coming 
from KIMS itself in two of its facility as far as Telangana is concern. As far as Andhra is concern, 
I think there is still a huge opportunity competition is far from few most of the geographies that 
we operate, except for one or two where competition is caught up and there is a visibility of 
more beds being added. We do not see a major challenge at all in Andhra in scaling up further. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay and assessment if you could give me as to how many beds are required in Telangana per 
1000 or 10000 and what is the current status, right now as well as in Andhra Pradesh. 
Management: 
Yes, to give the clarification on that, basically in this country you cannot able to measure per 
1000 population, how many beds required. The reason is in the developed countries every nook 
and corner, there is good health care facility that is available. Today the population what we 
have in Telangana, especially in Hyderabad still get lot of beds are there in at least 25%-30% of 
the beds are coming from outside states like Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Orissa 
all these places. That is why once those units have been done with the required infrastructure 
and especially the coronary care is well developed in Telangana, Hyderabad. So, once that is 
there then, still whatever we are thinking about the population of Hyderabad and the number 
beds as on today is definitely more than expected but because of this inflow coming from all 
over the neighboring states and far off places that will is the one competition may be not very 
high in the coming years. The number of beds that the competitors are building and we are also 
building. I think there is still a space for every person and ultimately it depends upon the good 
talent we can able to get and good corporate governs and the patient friendly like affordable 
quality care that is the most important which competitor or may be which unit is going to take 
forward. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Right, Sir my last question so Secunderabad to Nashik is roughly 13 hours almost 730 km so do 
we have a brand visibility in Nashik also, Secunderabad to Nashik because this is bit deviating 
from overall strategy to growing periphery. 
Management: 
No, I think it is out of the strategy for us to grow in Maharashtra where we hear lot of patient 
coming from the other region. So, it may not be exactly from Nashik but that whole Amravati 
belt, Nagpur and that entire zone, Yavatmal and all we see lot of patients come in and here in 
Maharashtra we have big vacuum in the number of beds required versus the number of hospitals 
present. So, if I have to look at, trying to built a Maharashtra story, I think I have to focus on the 
top five markets first and then look at going into Tier-2, Tier-3 locations in those geographies 
and in Nashik though we have been studying that market for a long time, getting a good partner 
like Dr. Raj who has built a phenomenal oncology hospital and who has phenomenal connect is 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
a very good entry strategy, I mean one could not ask for something better and larger than this as 
far as our entry to Nashik is concern. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers Pvt. Ltd.  Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, just wanted understand in term of the operational beds what is the addition that we will see 
over the next couple year, because I think it has to be meet from your exiting assets only, right? 
Management: 
How many incremental beds are we going to add in the next few years? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Two years, yes in terms of operational, you said you have 2246 as operational bed, so this 
operational bed number should be what in next of couple of years? 
Management: 
So, as far as the current beds of 3064 bed capacity is concern, I think all those will be operational 
in the next 12 months actually is the current capacity. Like is the case with Sunshine, all the beds 
will be fully operational, the current capacity and then we are looking at new expansion into 
Nashik. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Nashik and Bangalore that is additional but there is any case coming in two years from now, 
right? 
Management: 
Yes, 18 months from now we should have both of them operational. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, so basically from we from a volume growth perspective, we have this 700-800 beds 
possible over the next 12-18 months before your new assets start coming in. 
Management: 
Correct, unless we do not do anything in between. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
 Yes, unless you do not do anything in between. This 3000 beds operational does it include 
Sunshine or Sunshine is additional? 
Management: 
No, 3064 is just the nine hospitals of KIMS, 600 additional beds of Sunshine will be included. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Last one question on Sunshine, when should the acquired acquisition get closed and numbers 
shoots or deflecting for us. 
Management: 
Those acquisition which are already completed, so become our subsidiary with effect from April 
1st 2022, so the first quarter, June FY2023, you will see the numbers getting integrated. 
  Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, and what you mentioned in your presentation that the number KIMS will move to Rs.30 
crores per month in case of Sunshine, Begumpet and Rs.20 crores per month in case of Sunshine 
in Gachibowli so this Rs.50 crores per month or 100% utilization, right? You are running at 50% 
today. What should be the timeline for this Rs.50 crores per month revenue should be. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Management: 
Firstly, Gachibowli, we do not believe will go to Rs.20 crores a month, I think it will get capped 
at around Rs.17-Rs.18 crores a month because there is some structural changes that we brought 
in there. But Begumpet will certainly scale up to close to Rs.30-Rs.35 crores a month and once 
we move to the Begumpet facility we will need at least 2-3 years to scale that number and 
Gachibowli from April another 2-3 years will be scaling to that number.\ 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, the current 5-month number of Rs.180 crores which is mentioned in the presentation of 
Sunshine Hospital. 
Management: 
So, what is happening in Begumpet is the current hospital is a very old facility that currently 
does a revenue of Rs.20-Rs.22 crores a month. We are now moving that to a new campus which 
is very close by a kilometer from the current facility and then we believe that from the that Rs.20-
Rs.22 it will scale up to Rs.30-Rs.35 over a period of three years, once we move there. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Ok perfect. This was helpful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Awatramani, from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Can you tell me the guidance for capex which you have mentioned for FY2023 and FY2024. 
Management: 
So, let me rearticulate it well. So, we are pursuing multiple opportunities and based on our past 
efforts we have been able to close Bangalore and Nashik for which there is a visibility. So, for 
Bangalore some amount is already spent and we expect in next 18 months’ time the balance 
amount will go, which will be roughly, Rs.282 crores-Rs.300 crores for the Bangalore. For the 
Nashik the total commitment of the project is roughly Rs.160-Rs.180 crores, Rs.190 crores 
depending upon what type of facility and the infrastructure and the hospital we are bring there. 
So, that total capex outflow will also happen in FY2023, part of the equity will come from our 
equity partner and the balance will be from the KIMS and with the loan. So, these two projects 
we have the visibility our routine capex is in the range of roughly Rs.40-Rs.45 crores which will 
continue to happen in this current year beyond that any capex plan etc., depends upon the 
opportunities fructify. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
You indicated that you have a relook at the Tamil Nadu or Chennai expansion which you were 
pursuing given that you find the Nashik opportunity to be a better one but did you see anything 
incremental in the Chennai market in terms of competitive intensity which has allowed you 
postpone your plans and what gives you confidence with respect to the Bangalore market given 
that you are saying that the Bangalore expansion is still on track. 
Management: 
As far as, the Chennai is concern, it is not because of the competitiveness. I think it is just that 
the opportunities that came up in Maharashtra and shaping that cluster currently was taking 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
priority over setting up one hospital in south Chennai. So, we thought it will be more strategic 
to have these 3-4 assets that we can commission in Maharashtra over the next two years versus 
trying to do just one facility in Tamil Nadu for now. So, we just postponing the Chennai project 
for some time nothing has changed in that market or we do not believe anything will change in 
that market even in the next short to medium term. As far as Karnataka is concern we always 
were pretty gung-ho about that market we believe that we will have a larger footprint. larger that 
Tamil Nadu in Karnataka because of the opportunity in Tier-2, Tier-3 location and the 
opportunity in the larger metro because of the growth rate and in that city. We have taken 
definitive steps, we have given advance to the property that we want to commission the hospital 
in the next few weeks we will start work on ground. So, we are pretty confident that things will 
be on track and will be able to commission the hospital as soon as possible. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir, so with respect to this Maharashtra expansion where you want to put out a cluster 
approach with 3-4 hospitals, Nashik will be one, probably you might be looking at the Mumbai 
market as well which are the other markets which you are evaluating and would it be through 
acquisitions on an organic route to expansion within these markets. 
Management: 
So, right now, I think the next 24 months we are focused only on acquisition. What we will either 
acquisition of a running hospital or that can be operational in six months’ time that is what we 
mean by acquisition and where there is a good team of clinical talent and big vacuum. So, we 
believe, we will be able to do 2-3 projects certainly in the 12-14 months in Maharashtra. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir and if you look at some these assets which are available across the hospital space most 
of these assets operate a large number of hospitals. So, when you are trying to acquire assets 
would you acquire single facilities or you would be open acquiring multiple hospitals as well 
the way you did with Sunshine where you got three hospitals 
Management: 
I think, we open to both as long as it meets core fundamentals of us being able to add value in 
terms of scaling up the hospital, in terms of operational efficiency, bringing in new chemical 
therapy. If it meets the overall criteria on return on capital, return on equity. I think we are ok to 
even look at a network or standalone facility. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, Sir one clarity on the Nashik hospital you said that Dr. Raj will help you to scale up on 
the multispecialty segment.  So, does that mean that you have a specific agreement laid out that 
the oncology business will not be serviced by you and that will continued be serviced by HCG. 
Management: 
Sir, there is no such commitment at this point in time that we will do oncology, however the 
current facility also houses a bunker but we do not intend to do oncology as a service in the near 
future. But may be in the long term if something pans out then we have not really given that 
much of a thought as far as oncology is concerned. But in the short-term certainly we will not 
do oncology there. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And now if I look at your fourth quarter occupancies, appear low even versus Q1 of FY2021 
when the business was impacted on account COVID disruption so post that quarter. Fourth 
quarter occupancy have been the lowest. So, what has led to this lower occupancy and do you 
think that because the COVID business has normalized that has led to lower occupancies and 
where you do expect to sustain occupancy and ARPOB going forward? 
Management: 
So, if you just look at Q4 of last year and Q4 of this year. One fundamental thing is that the 
ALOS has come down from 5.1 in Q4 FY2021 it has come down to 4.6. So, this has some impact 
on the overall occupancy and number 2, I think this was very unusual that in January we had 
seen the whole COVID scare take a big toll, so usually what happens is the first 15 days of 
January is very dull at least in the geographies that we operate, right when we were coming out 
of the space, we saw COVID hit for almost 25 days and this time fortunately, we did not have 
to treat patients because we are all doing well but lot of our clinical staff, doctors all of them 
started falling sick because of the infectivity rate and they were not able to come to work and 
because of this COVID scare by and large a lot of patients stopped coming to the hospital. So, 
we almost lost the full month of January to either recovering from the festival season and then 
to whatever disruption happened because of COVID. So, that was one, then the month of 
February had 10% less number of days when compared to any other month and in the year. And 
usually, March is supposed to be the best month of the year but I think because of what all 
happened in January and people had other priorities it was not as good as how we think 
anticipated to be. Then things are now slowly picking up after the lull in April and May, we are 
seeing the last 10 days picking up in the right target. 
Management: 
Rahul, just to add if you look at IP volume of whatever first which we are referring to 2 and 
quarter 4 of current. The IP and OP volume both have gone up what has made change is the 
ALOS difference. Because in the quarter 1 because of the respiratory issues, the COVID second 
was very dangerous and respiratory issues, the patients were staying little with us. The ALOS 
has come down which has also resulted in the occupancy rate coming down if we are comparing 
from the quarter first. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir, just a follow-up on that since you referred to IP/OP volumes side for us on an organic 
basis for let say FY2023-FY2024, ex of Sunshine? 
Management: 
I think this year, unfortunately both the years you have some breaks of COVID in FY2022, you 
had this break of COVID, if you look at the normalized month, if you look at Q3 for example 
Rahul, which was completely non-disruptive things were doing well Q2 and Q3 of FY2022 and 
when you analyze those numbers it is in fact better than what it was pre-COVID from a volume 
point of view. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, but any number which you want to give out in terms of the normalization which you 
expect in the business next year? 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Management: 
I think, we will definitely but from a volume point of view, it should definitely hit back the 
FY2020 number, obviously better than FY2020 number and because of our growth in ARCP 
and ARPOB. Our revenues will also be much better than that of before. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhi Babaria from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Basically Sir, I want to know what type of peer analysis do we do before entering into new 
markets.  So, lets say now we are coming to Nashik, what is our view with regards to some of 
hospitals over there, like we already have Apollo over there and there are some standalone 
hospitals also Sahyadri and again HCG in oncology. So, what are the parameters for us to go 
into these market. 
Management: 
Sure, I think one is at a very high level there is significant supply demand gap because just look 
at HCG as an example, the amount of revenue or volume they do from just one specialty which 
is oncology is equal to the sum of all the departments in a hospital like Sahyadri, in a hospital 
like Medicover and double the revenue of for a hospital like Apollo. So, it is just that, it is very 
high-level, I will get you the details. We have just seen that the current facilities have capped in 
shelves at 150 bed, 170 bed, and they have reached a certain capacity on those beds and they 
have not been able to add incremental beds and hence they have seen a saturation but we are 
seeing a lot of footfall coming in and lot of these people still have not introduced a lot of the 
new clinical therapies that are there in larger district in Tier-2-3 location. If you look at Sahyadri 
today, they are at 120 functional bed but if you look what they are doing, they are actually scaling 
up from 120 beds to 300 beds because they are seeing a lot of opportunity and that current 120 
beds for the last five years could only give them a certain growth rate but if you look new entrant 
in that market which is Medicover which is close to 225 bed. They have been able to do fairly 
well in that market with a decent occupancy now they are expanding to other clinical therapies 
such as mother and child and oncology in the same space. So, I think it is largely about, though 
we have names there but no one has been able to really offer the right kind of medical 
infrastructure. This campus with oncology being there and the multispecialty will in total 
capacity be close to 600 beds will be the largest destination for private health services in the 
northern Maharashtra region. So, I think by virtue its fee is almost 500 OPD per day in the 
oncology space. There is an inherent footfall that comes to hospital, the brand is well recognized, 
the doctors are well recognized so it is going to be very easy to channelize a lot of those patients 
and a lot of oncology patients actually require multispecialty care. So, it would be a lot more 
easier to channelize those patients and lot more easy for those patients to get a holistic care 
having a multispecialty in that vicinity. This is broadly at a high level but even if you look 
utilization of stents, joints, medication, surgical material, the consumption towards and the 
population and if you benchmark it to any other city in Andhra or in Telangana, Karnataka, you 
will see it far less in number or in consumption when you compared to this market. So, it is not 
because of affordability issues, it is not because the scheme does not provide good tariff or their 
payment are poor. It is just there very little infrastructure available and whatever surgical is 
available it is already running at a certain capacity and unless that expansion happens of 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
infrastructure and more and more hospitals come in and the belief that Nashik can treat a lot of 
these complex patient till, only then the utilization of all these things will go up and this is what 
we have seen time and again and lot of the market that we have entered. You might just see that 
the current hospitals have not been able to scale beyond a certain size is because of some inherent 
issues but unless more and more hospital comes and they bring in more confidence into the 
market you will not see the overall push happen. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay, that was pretty clear another thing Sir like till date the major portion of our expenses is 
always going to be doctor’s fees and doctor expenses. So, if we are entering to these new market 
where in general the doctor’s retention rates are pretty high as compared to Andhra Pradesh, 
Telangana, how do we plan to strategize those things in your market like Maharashtra. 
Management: 
At least whatever hospital we were allowed to see so far, we have not seen the doctor cost being 
significantly higher. Yes, it is marginally higher by 2%-3% but I think that will get adjusted 
because the ARPOB are much higher than what we are seeing in AP and Telangana. So, we do 
not see that as a real cost challenge is currently at this point in time. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay, in these new markets also, like do we think that we will to achieve 28%-30% kind of 
EBITDA margin. 
Management: 
I think 25%, we will certainly achieve wherever we have achieved 30%, it has taken time at least 
a 10- year timeline.  So, we want to get there, we will try to get there. Because it is also very 
difficult, we have not seen hospitals under certain scale in Maharashtra yet. There are hardly one 
or two that operated a scales at we are currently operating in AP and Telangana. So, I think with 
that definitely clear pass to 25%, 26% but how we will further scale beyond that because of the 
beds available only time will tell. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay and once we launch, we get fully operational with these new facilities in 18 months. How 
long do we think that we will be able to go these EBITDA margins and what would be the rough 
payback period for these hospitals? 
Management: 
I think from the time we get operational we being a little pessimistic in saying we will take at 
least 4-6 years to get to that kind of EBITDA margin but if it happens sooner good for all us, to 
get your full mature EBITDA margin because we are large format hospital. Today we talking 
about Bangalore being close to 400 bed, we are talking about Nashik being 325 bed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sahu from MC Research. Please go 
ahead, 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Couple of questions on the expansion plan. So, I got the point that Chennai is not top the radar 
and currently we are focused on Bangalore and Nashik. But still your time is mentioned that in 
next two years probably Chennai should happen, so if that is the case just wanted to confirm 
that. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Management: 
So, I think right now. Yes that looks like the case in two years we will go back and start looking 
in that project.  But if something more good comes up in Maharashtra and Karnataka where we 
are able allocate capital to Tamil Nadu then we might look at pushing out later. Because, we are 
really focused on building a greenfield strategy out of Karnataka and acquisition strategy out of 
Maharashtra. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
This Bangalore one is greenfield, I mean it is not in partnership, you are not looking for a coed 
asset. 
Management: 
It will be in partnership with local doctors but we still do not have complete commitments from 
the local guys.  We will have that when the hospital is closer to getting commissioned but it is a 
mall that has been in operational for the 10 years which we are now converting into a hospital. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
 And a Phase-2 plan if I put it that way for Bangalore probably it would be again a cluster 
approach wherein after this facility you would be looking for smaller assets nearby. 
Management: 
Yes, correct that is the idea, we want to have at 2-3 facilities in Bangalore itself. We are exploring 
few opportunities in Karnataka through an acquisition route and some greenfield opportunity 
but the idea is just build a cluster around Karnataka. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 Just a clarification on Sunshine Hospital you said about the improvement in the per month 
revenue and the margin to achieve in the next three years. 
Management: 
That is correct. It is a broader plan of 3 years. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And the second on the Sunshine only how much is the capacity at the Secunderabad and how 
much is the Gachibowli. 
Management: 
Secunderabad is around 325 beds and Gachibowli is around 225 beds 
Praveen Sahay: 
 The third one Karimnagar also operational. 
Management: 
Yes, they are operational but that is a very small facility it is around 70 beds. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 And out that how much is the operational 325 beds in Secunderabad and 225 beds in 
Gachibowli? 
Management: 
All beds are operational. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir I just wanted to understand the margin guidance because we have Sunshine dilution because 
our EBITDA margins are a lower level, then Nashik, so broad level company level what kind of 
margin are we expecting may be for next couple of years and what kind of inorganic revenue 
growth and organic growth because almost we are the peak capacity now. So, if you could just 
give a broad ballpark number with respect to margin and revenue. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
As far as, KIMS is concern we will be able to sustain the margins that we have seen in FY2022 
and as revenue ramp up happens a large part of that will slow into the EBITDA margin. As far 
as, Sunshine is concern we still have been able to be very healthy in the margin profile from 
where it was when we acquired it versus where it is currently, we have already been able to get 
to a 20% kind of number. So, as the ramp up of revenue happens, we are looking to wrap up the 
revenue almost 50% in Gachibowli and we are looking at almost another incremental 50% 
revenue coming in Begumpet. So, almost 50% of that is what we are expecting to flow into 
EBITDA, we are pretty confident that we will be able to scale to 26%-27% kind of an EBITDA 
margin at Sunshine Hospital as well. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And Sir broad level company level margin for next couple of years. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
It is a good question actually so since the KIMS as on date on the consolidated is 30% plus 32% 
EBITDA margin and Sunshine which is a diluted one and it is going to roughly 22%, 25% of 
the total revenue. There will be some console EBITDA margins coming down. So, our guess is 
it should be between 27%-28% which should be at the blended level. As we improve the 
Sunshine operation, obviously the EBITDA and the EBITDA percentage both will go up and 
there is no equity dilution so these are EPS accretive acquisition. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Right and sir broadly revenue growth organic and inorganic and the total blended growth rate. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
So, generally we do not give the guidance for the future since Sunshine numbers the acquisition 
numbers are in public domain and if you just analyze that cases you will see that roughly 20% 
growth coming on the present days of the KIMS. So, that will added to the revenue and whatever 
the organic growth comes from the existing operations that will add to the total growth of the 
revenue. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And sir my last question what is the peak capacity for the overall business say for example we 
are at 58% occupancy level. So, at max we can scale to what 63%-65%?On commissioned and 
operationalized. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Though it all depends on the case mix and payer mix. So, generally what happens that once the 
occupancy at the good level, we may take more cash and insurance patient till time we increase 
put up more capacity so that will also increase the revenue in the EBIT number and as the 
hospital mature the profile of the cases coming to hospital means in terms of the critical clinical 
patient coming, so you will see the ARPP also going up which you can see in the last five years’ 
time the consistently the ARPP of the patients have gone up, so you will see that and then 

 
KIMS Hospital 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
operational excellence how to manage beds much better. So, combination of all so it is very 
difficult to say with the existing facility how much growth can come because it a operational 
excellence case mix and peer mix etc., But I think with the existing capacity definitely in the 
mix 2-3 years Dr. Abhinay has guided that all the existing city can be utilized fully, we can see 
the growth of 20%-25% from the existing base only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no questions from the participants. I now hand the conference over the 
management for closing comments. 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni: 
Thank you very much all the participants and very active discussion that happened and then we 
will be up to the level what investors are expecting and whatever we promised in the road shows 
and the expansion plant are going on time. Once again thank you very much for participating. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
