Ref: ASCL/ SEC/2022-23/22 
May 26, 2022 
1. 
To, 
y:To, 
The General Manager (Listing) 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
5 th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532853 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra - Kur la Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Trading Symbol: ASAHISONG 
SUB: 
TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON MAY 2 3 , 2 022 WITH INVESTORS 
AND ANALYST ON THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF Q4FY22 
REF: 
REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Conference Call held on Monday, 
May 23, 2022 at 4:00 p.m . (1ST) with investors and analyst on the financial performance of 
Q4FY22. 
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company at 
www. asahisongwon. com. 
This is for you r information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
SAJIJOSEPH 
Company Secretary and Compliance djjic r 
Encl: As above 
Asahi Songwon Colors Ltd. 
CIN: L24222GJ1990PLC014789 
Regd. Office: ~Asahi House", 13, Aaryans Corporate Park, Nr. Shilaj Railway Crossing, Thaltej-Shilaj Road, 
Thaltej, Ahmedabad-380 059, Gujarat. India 
Tele : 91-79 6832 5000 •Fax : 91-79 6832 5099 • Web Site: www.asahisongwon.com ~~ 
ISO1400( 2015 
OMS 004 
Registered 
A MEMBER 
IMS-OE/JAS-Cll061111403 
OF IAF KLA 
® 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Asahi Songwon Colors Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GOKUL JAYKRISHNA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ASAHI 
SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. ARJUN JAYKRISHNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. PRATIK SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJI VARGHESE JOSEPH – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER, ASAHI SONGWON 
COLORS LIMITED 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 
C
H
OR
U
S ♦C
A
Llp; 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Mehra. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Good afternoon and welcome everyone and thank you for joining this Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited. The Results and Investor Updates have been 
emailed to you and are also available on the stock exchanges. In case anyone does not have a 
copy of the same please do write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your questions we have today with us 
Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna – Joint Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Arjun 
Jaykrishna – Executive Director, Mr. Pratik Shah – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Saji 
Varghese Joseph – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the financial performance which it will be 
followed by the Q&A session. 
I want to remind you all that everything said in this call reflecting any outlook for the future 
which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the 
uncertainties and risk that the Company faces. These uncertainties and risk are included, but not 
limited to what we have mentioned in the annual reports which you will find on our website. 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Good Afternoon friends and welcome to our Conference Call. On behalf of Asahi, it is my 
pleasure to be talking to you this afternoon. You guys already have Investor Presentation which 
Abhishek has already forward it to you so you would have a good idea of what the numbers are 
looking like for the full year also since the numbers have been now publicly announced you 
would have accessed to our Result. So, I will not spend too much of your valuable time doing 
that so that we get more time for interactive question and answer. So, I will spend probably more 
time after giving a brief update on the financials about where we stand today as a Company and 
probably where we look to go as a Company over the next four years. 
So, first of all this is a very eventful financial year for the Company. If you look back say a year 
or two years back Asahi was a single product, single location Company, single product being 
Blue, of course we are market leaders globally and one of the Blue companies in the world with 
the whole range of Blues, but only Blue Pigment and all of this is being manufactured at our 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Baroda site. So, single location though three plants at the same location for CPC Blue crude, 
Beta Blue and Alpha Blue with the whole range, but one location and only Blue as a Pigment.  
Today when I talked to you we are multi-location, multi-product Company so of course we have 
the three plants of Blues in Baroda apart from that we already have an existing the AZO plant 
manufacturing red, yellow and oranges in Dahej which is already commissioned and is going on 
now and recently we have announced acquisition of a pharmaceutical Company API 
manufacturer Atlas Life Sciences Private Limited. So, they have a range of 6 APIs so that comes 
into our basket so today we are a three location multi-product Company with the full range of 
colors the pigment color and one another good news that I want to share on the call now today 
is that when we did acquire 78% stake in Atlas for a consideration of Rs. 48 crores at that time 
in the announcement we had announced that we would probably be breaking ground on a new 
API plant in about 3 months’ time from acquisition.  
However, I am pleased to inform you that we had gone very fast with that progress and we have 
already broken ground in the Chhatral API new project for Atlas on 6th of this month. So, we are 
well on our way. We hope to commission this plant in October of next calendar year so October 
2023 and this will be manufacturing not only the 6 APIs that we currently manufacture at Odhav, 
but also the downward the two of the raw materials the main raw materials for the main product 
Pregabalin and then we would also be introducing other products to the basket over there because 
we have approval for EC environment approval clearance for 42 products. So, this is the general 
map with that for next calendar year Asahi will from one product one location Company will be 
a multi-product four location Company and then so now let me just quickly run through the 
financials of all the three business units the Blue, AZO the new pharmaceutical Company so this 
pharmaceutical Company numbers are irrelevant for this financial year performance.  
However, as investors are hearing me today you would be keen to know a little about that 
acquisition also. So, I will throw a little light on that and then I will give you a little idea of what 
CAPEX plans we have over the next say two years and what would probably likely come out of 
it. So, with the Blue business, standalone business we ended the year with a 43% increase in top 
line as compared to last year from 282 crores we are at 406 crores now. We achieve this on the 
back of about a 15% growth in sales volume and production and the remaining has come from 
increase in prices that our customers have given up as well input cost continues to increase 
consistently throughout every month of the 12-month year. So, 43% increase in top line, but 
bottom line is down by about 15%.  
Margins which were very healthy at about 18% have dropped to about 11 and I would say this 
historically low margins for our company, and I do foresee that this should be bottoming out of 
the margin cycle and we should see a stability in margins going forward. As far as the AZO 
business in Dahej is concerned we have started getting some traction this is the first full financial 
year that we have completed the turnover is nothing to write home about 10 crores. So, the 
consolidated turnover stands at 415 crores for Asahi and we of course are bleeding right now 
over there which is well aware to everyone. We expect to EBITDA breakeven with the AZO 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
business in this calendar year this is what we had also estimated previously. We are 3 months 
behind what we would have liked honestly, the challenges they have been getting consistent 
product quality after having achieved product quality to get consistence throughout the challenge 
particularly in the yellow I can confidently say now that we have achieved very consistent 
product so we have started to role good production and sales and in April and May we are doing 
about 50 tons each in each month. So, for the quarter we like to do a 150 tons of production and 
150 tons sales and then of course do about 200 tons to 225 tons for the quarter after that in terms 
of sales and production and then just to give you a light on the acquisition that we made we 
acquired 78% of Atlas Life Science which is ongoing, well managed, well run profitable API 
business located with its manufacturing facility in Odhav.  
The turnover this year ended is 119 crores and EBITDA of about 9 odd crores and we are at 
capacity of the Odhav plant along with this acquisition we also inherit 5,000 square feet 
corporate office for the pharmaceutical business in the heart of town and we inherit 4,000 square 
feet research center in Odhav apart from the plant and we also inherit 15,000 square meters of a 
plotted land in the industrial area in Chhatral which I just referred to you that we have just broken 
ground on starting work on the plant just now on the 6th of this month. So, with this background 
I think Abhishek we can open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Prateek Chaudhary from Saamarthya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
My first question is on the margins front I think this quarter we have seen almost visible is low 
margin for our Blue margin so if you could give the kind of inflationary environment we have 
as of now if you could give some perspective whether margins are here to stay for some time at 
these levels or are you witnessing some green shoots that give you comfort every margins will 
revert back to historical level job 13% or 14%? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
You are right this is visible low margins in terms of EBITDA margins for the quarter I will just 
throw a little light on what was the reason behind it despite increase in 15% increase in volumes 
and 45% increase in top line why the margins are under pressure. So, the input cost prices and I 
am namely all the input cost particularly the three raw materials were critical in this particular 
quarter, but for the full year if we were to look at it urea prices have increased by 46% compared 
to previous year, copper prices have increased by 47% and Phthalic Anhydride prices have 
increased by 36% and urea as I said 102%. So, urea has double from previous year and these are 
the three main inputs and also steam coal which is predominantly our material that we use for 
energy is up 85% from previous year. So, due to this generally the margins are under pressure 
which is we have contracts with three-month customer orders lined up and prices of these 
material going up on a monthly basis put lot of pressure on our margins on an absolutely month-
to-month basis. So, though we are able to pass on the prices we are passing it on four times a 
year, which is we price our customers every quarter, but prices of these three materials are going 
up every month. So, normally what happens historically and we have been in the business for 
long enough to pre cyclically raw material prices do go up, but they go down as well so we do 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
not see 6 quarters 1.5 years in a row when every single quarter for every single month of the 12-
month period of the year that prices of all three materials are consistently going up and going up 
substantially such as doubling of urea 50% increase in copper, 36% increase in Phthalic. These 
are not long-term sustainable price increases of course we are not going to see another year of 
increase such as we saw this year. So, to answer your question we will continue to pass on the 
price increases as and when they have been happening what will happen in the next couple of 
quarters difficult to say, but historically from the background and the knowledge that I have the 
pigment industry I can comfortably say that there is enough visibility to see that the margins are 
at the bottom and will bottom out now. So, we should see green shoots, we should see either 
stability or even improvement in margins going forward. This to me seems quite likely.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Second question we saw good YoY growth in our base Blue business in this particular quarter 
and for the year as well, so just want to understand if you could break that up between say volume 
growth and value growth for the quarter and for the year? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, for the full year volume in terms of productivity and sales have been similar 15% growth in 
volumes in terms of production, 15% in terms of sales. This is volume growth and the overall 
growth in terms of turnover is 43%. So, the balance of the difference is coming from price 
increases which is I think 27%. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
In your press release I guess there was a mention of you gaining market share in the Blue 
business as well? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We have increased the volume by 15% so in that sense we have captured some market share.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And what would be our global market share in the Blue business as of now? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
About 8% to 10%.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And last question on the Atlas Life science acquisition. We had an aspiration to almost double 
our EBITDA margin and even historically the margins where Company has fluctuated quite a 
bit, so what gives us this confidence I mean are there any inherent inefficiencies in their business 
in the way it is being run as of now which the new management will significantly improve upon 
and hence, we are confident to significantly increase our EBITDA margin over there? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, I will break this question into two parts. This is a very interesting question. I think everybody 
else will also gain from this question. I will take the second part that you had asked me and I 
will leave Arjun to give you the answer for how we project to double it. So, to answer your 
question first now the plant is pretty efficiently run currently so we do not see inefficiencies in 
the plant which will enable us to project doubling of EBITDA margin. This is clearly not the 
case. The plant is very efficiently run. The current team is running it very nicely. We are very 
happy with the operations at the plant level, administrative level, even at in terms of corporate 
governance, the balance sheet everything we are very satisfied on which is great. However, it is 
not very good because in that sense there is not much value that we will add in terms of 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
improving either operations or finances or administration because I think it is a well-run 
business, well-run Company, well run plant and the plant is already at peak capacity right now. 
So, I would not forecast more than the turnover that we got last year from the current plant which 
is 119. So, my forecast for the pharma business would be the same as March 22 so in 23 March 
also I am escalating we should be in the area of 120 crores in terms of top line and similar bottom 
line for the current business. Now Arjun will take you through what is made it interesting for us 
to acquire this business and how we are confident of seeing the doubling of the EBITDA margin.  
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, in terms of what will add and how we plan to double the EBITDA margin.one of the main 
and biggest reason is we will be in our new facility which we planned to put in, which we already 
started in Chhatral we will be backward integrated for our products. So, for example, our main 
product which is Pregabalin it is a four-step process currently only one step is being done in the 
facility and although it is very efficiently and very well run it is already being pushed to what 
max it can produce and what they have right now. So, some of it is being toll manufactured 
outside as well. So, firstly we are making everything in our own facility in Chhatral. Secondly, 
we will backward integrate and make the raw material for PG crude as well. This will be a very 
big EBITDA margin opener for us and this is something that is very clear as to something we 
will foresee and something we can plan to work so that will be the biggest one of the biggest 
reasons that we will be able to leverage the high EBITDA margin the backward integration for 
a product PG being the main one we will also backward integrate for some of our other products 
like Levosulpiride and improve efficiencies and process for gliclazide which is already going on 
with the R&D team and the current facility. Secondly, the other big reason other aspiration we 
have which we will add in the Chhatral unit is that we are currently catering largely into the low 
regulated and semi-regulated market. It is like Dad said very well run and it had WHO GMP and 
the statutory requirements and is very good in customer audit. However we are not this facility 
is not approved in Europe, for example, so in the new facility we aim to take European 
accreditation EDQM as well which will open up the market and put us into the high regulated 
market for example Europe which is known to be giving obviously higher margin so that will be 
another key thing we will go after as we will go after the highly regulated market and we hope 
that the growth that we are seeing in Pregabalin itself will further grow like for example currently 
Pregabalin worldwide is growing at 10% CAGR and Indian formulators are already at 28% of 
this and 28% of the market share and within India the Pregabalin formulation is growing at 18% 
CAGR. So, we will have a dual approach of going into the highly regulated market directly as 
an API which will add margins and within India to go for the formulated that are catering to the 
highly regulated market which will both allow us to get higher margins.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Navid Virani: 
So, firstly wanted to understand from the strategic side so we were already in the process of 
ramping up AZO and now we have also taken up the API project on our plate so want to 
understand have we increased our management bandwidth to rightly serve both these projects 
properly? 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We would not have taken both these projects simultaneously have they not increase management 
bandwidth. So, of course management bandwidth is increasing now that Arjun is full time 
working with Asahi that adds a lot of young enthusiasm to our team. Our new Vice President, 
Nitesh Patel, has been elevated and he is now running lot of the strategic decisions as Vice 
President now so that adds management bandwidth and with our new CFO as well. So, in that 
sense we have added management bandwidth in the marketing side we have also added serious 
management bandwidth in the marketing side where we have very thin marketing strength now 
we have added very senior member to lead AZO market in the Indian region as well as globally 
other than the Big Five where Big Five has seen our strength so now we will strengthen our 
backbone for the pigment business going forward in outside the Big Five globally and within 
India as well. So, we have done that however we cannot say that we have fully geared up the 
balance management bandwidth it is ongoing process and we will continue to work on it.  
Navid Virani: 
Sir next up wanted to understand that we had this target in mind to know your 40% to 50% 
capacity utilization for AZO at the end of FY22 and currently we are far off that mark, so just 
want to understand as to what are the kind of challenges which we are facing and what are the 
kind of steps which we are taking to ensure that the ramp-up is well within our expectations? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes, I will start by saying that you are right we are little bit behind to what we hope to be at this 
stage. I will try to answer that and how we plan to make sure that going forward we were able 
to better reach the benchmark. So few things, one which we have discussed previously so I would 
not go much into it, but because what we saw in summer the big customers because there was 
still COVID prevalent and there was more than anything a lack of new products let us say new 
product approval .We face a little bit of a delay in getting our products approved that was one of 
the big things that we had seen, which is the reason why we have not reached the utilization that 
we should have yet. Recently we have had very good traction in the last few months, we have 
started getting approval even from the big customers. We have sent out some trial orders for 
production trial after approvals to some big customers as well. As soon as these start clicking it 
will immediately have to us reaching a goal as fast as possible The goal of the EBITDA 
breakeven as Dad mentioned at the start that still stays the same and we plan to still meet that 
with faster ramp up in the coming months, how we plan to do it is two fold, one we continue to 
focus on the Big Five customers continue to (Inaudible) 26:24 them and now that COVID is 
reducing so even plant visits are starting to get in person engagement going on where we can 
faster approval and faster movement of products. Other than that, as Dad said we have added 
some marketing bandwidth and we are also looking to expand market because AZO is a little 
different to the Blues and we already do have a say for example 10 products that we are now 
consistently manufacturing which will keep increasing and we also will have a customer base as 
compared to what we have in the Blue. So, all of that is working side by side. We have setup at 
certain distribution channels and we hope that because of the approvals that are coming in within 
the last two months we will see a fast ramp up and we will hope to start matching our projections 
in fact within the coming few months.  
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Navid Virani: 
Last question if I may I would like to ask on the API side so the valuation of the deal was very 
compelling and so just personally understand how did we manage to get such good terms on the 
deal and secondly how are we trying to I mean what sort of payout are we looking to acquire the 
balance 22% and will that be debt funded or will be funded by internal approval? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Before Dad answers the question I will quickly just answer the first part of your question it is 
even a question that we had internally thought and the most of the credit for this goes to I mean 
it is difficult even to explain to you, but it literally is how the deal making has been done by the 
CEO and even as a Company while analyzing the deal, while analyzing weather would be right 
for us and right for the investors for us to go through it we felt the same thing glad to hear that 
and it is just how the whole setup and the whole valuation has been done by the CEO it is mostly 
to do with the negotiations skills and how they have managed to get that done. It is difficult to 
quantify how it is matching, but it is basically a long effort we worked very hard behind this and 
lot and lot of meeting behind the scenes and that is how we have come to these terms and these 
valuation for the Company and for all the shareholders involved. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I am happy that you feel that deal is good value. We did feel that I personally felt that it is I mean 
now people are aware I have spoken about it even on CNBC previously and even in just on 
interviews that last two, three years and we were looking for potential inorganic growth because 
financially we are a strong Company, cash flows are good, Blue is a good cash cow. So, we 
needed to find how to deploy these fund so that there ROC and ROE continue to improve and 
expand. So, I always had it clearly in the back of my mind that I ever had a deal unless I get a 
very good deal I am not going to do it, it should be very favorable for Asahi and it should be a 
win-win for the buyer as well as the seller, but definitely from Asahi point of view I was never 
willing to go into or rush into somewhere where I do not see value and we were able to negotiate 
good term and we got what I think in the end was a good deal with the turnover of 120 crores in 
acquiring 78% for 48 crore payout with 18 crores with that I thought was quite reasonable, but 
the second part of the question the balance 22% ,11 and 11 will be acquired over the next couple 
of years by March 25 we would have finished this acquisition and the payout against this 22% 
is based on the overall performance of Atlas the existing facility as well as the new facility in 
Chhatral. So, the management current management team or the previous management team of 
Atlas will continue to run the business for that period of time and what they will get in terms of 
the payout against the 11% and 11% total 22% will depend on the EBITDA performance of the 
business over the next two years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Aashav Patel: 
My only doubt was that knowing the fact that older management at Atlas  has been the business 
since last two decades then why are they not able to backward integrate the products and what 
different are we bringing on the table that we are deciding to backward integrate the same? 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We have been there in this business for a long period of time particularly with this Pregabalin 
some of the APIs that they are making however it should be very clearly understand that they 
got into manufacturing only in 2019. So, they are just a two-year-old plant in that sense. So, 
earlier they started with trading and then once they got strength the management started to toll 
manufacture the products at different facilities and only when Pregabalin went off-patent this is 
Pfizer product and in 2018 it is known that it is going to go off-patent. So, they took advantage 
of their market reach in Pregabalin and decided to put up a plant and that plant is efficiently been 
put on in Odhav when it is a nice plant it is a good-looking well-run plants, but it is already fully 
utilized. So, that is why they could not go into backward integration because they do not have 
the space or the facility because they are already utilizing all the capacities that they have there. 
So, they had to buy as Arjun said earlier the four step processes we have only one step currently. 
The other two steps were being toll manufactured are bought from outside taking away all the 
juice out and making where the Company reliant on buying it from outside. We do have the 
technology for both the stage. We do 5%, 10% of that already at the current facility now we will 
just do 100% and also increase the existing capacity by 100%. So, you increase double the 
capacity of the pharma products and then get your entire raw material for Pregabalin self-
manufacture that is the whole attractiveness of the proposition here that is why we were 
interested in this. We will not only for the value, but it was offering potential growth prospects 
and increase the EBITDA margins. As far as the other part why they are not able to do it? I am 
sure they would be able to do it, however, they do not have a succession plan and that is why the 
existing the MD is continuing as MD for another three years. He will be joint MD and my son 
Arjun will be the MD. So, the existing MD will also continue to run the business as he has been 
running it and he has been running it very well. However, he does not have a succession plan in 
his family and he is 75 so he would like to pass this on into good hands and see the business that 
he has been grown so well go into good hands and he is very happy to associate with us and take 
it to a new level. And then there is always the final thing about capital I mean being a self-made 
man, he did not have access to capital like we do Asahi is of course a larger Company in that 
and financially a much stronger Company with availability of very inexpensive bank finance as 
well as on (Inaudible) 35.23. So, we would add some value in terms of bringing this.  
Aashav Patel: 
Another follow up question regarding the same was the fact that we do not have any experience 
of manufacturing raw material for Pregabalin in order to release any challenges in the ramp-up? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We have not stressed much upon it because we do very little, but we have experience in the 
current plant Atlas it already manufactures these products in the current plans except they are 
manufacturing it in very minuscule amount. So, the technology and experience on making these 
is there. So, now when we do it in Chhatral we do not have to go out and seek technology for 
the stage 2 and 3.  
Aashav Patel: 
Another question doubling of the AZO capacity and the new Greenfield CAPEX at Chhatral 
side, can you please give timeline of both of the projects? 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Currently we are at 25% utilization as already addressed we were targeting to be at about 40 by 
now, but unfortunately we are slightly behind target and we are at 25% utilization as soon as we 
reach 50% utilization we will give the green signal to the project scheme to go ahead. I think 
this should be early in the first half of the next calendar year for the last quarter of the current 
financial year that we kind of take a decision to give the go ahead for 45 crore expansion and 
doubling up the capacity and once we do that it should be over within 10 months or even less.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pravin Sharma, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pravin Sharma: 
I have three questions first is on this as per the agreement on this TTC for our ATC plant they 
were supposed to do a buyback of 20% which is around 480, 500 metric ton and as I understand 
despite being their own technology they are not being very aggressive enough to take that this 
thing and get the sample approved, so what was the challenge actually there in that front why 
did not they take at least their part being a joint venture partner last one full year of commercial 
operations? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, it is very important question because we have agreement with them. So, I will just clarify 
this that from the TTC point of view or living by the agreement they are doing fine. They are 
already starting to take material. It is more a challenge that we found that after the product was 
established in the quality set we found a little challenge in getting the consistent quality batch to 
batch. This is the absolute honest truth and that is why while they kept taking material it was an 
as fast as we could have ramped up. So, I would not blame TTC for not living up to their end of 
the bargain of lifting the material they are actually demand material and they are starting to lift 
more as we get consistently in the yellows I think we will probably this quarter and my next 
quarter get the full business of TTC rest is still a work under process, but yellow has been 
achieved. So, soon enough we will be getting TTC to live by the agreement and they are 
definitely keen so it is not from their end it is more from our end from my end because of the 
little lack of consistency in products after having established the quality that we got a little stuck 
and in the yellow this challenge has been already overcome in red is under process and we are 
confident of it being overcome soon.  
Pravin Sharma: 
Second point is during the ATC when we commercialize the plant at that time the discussion as 
per the discussion I could understand that demand for AZO is more than 2 lakh metric tons per 
annum and China is the Gorilla as far as AZO is concerned and as we had seen in Blue there was 
a shift in supply chain from China towards India and now India is a leader in Blue. So, similar 
shift was expected in AZO from China to India and tariff war being like two, three years there 
have been tariff war and we expected some kind of full demand the global buyers to shift from 
China towards India as far as AZO is concerned. Now what is your take on that means is it 
happening because I did not see it happening either in Sudharshan or anywhere else wherein 
there is a sudden even a 10% demand shift from China towards India would have been a very 
big game changer for ATC or Company like Asahi, so do you see that happening or do you see 
this is going somewhere in the cold bucket wherein the supply shift from China towards India 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
the China plus one strategy and all those things happening or they are not happening the way we 
had envisage? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Pravin ji this is a very strategic question and it is very pertinent we had waited to get into the 
AZO business for many years because we have customers who have been buying Blue from us 
and saying that we buy AZO as well. However, China had been so dominant for all these 5 years, 
7 years, 10 years that we did not venture into it. In the Phthalo as you rightly mentioned that 
whole thing of moving from China to India played out and while at one point China was majority 
India today stands at complete dominance and China probably has no business outside of China 
with the Phthalo business I would say zero so there is no exports of Blue now coming from 
China in competition with where we are going globally. We went into this AZO business 
strategically keeping in mind that China plus one could play out and that is the premise of us 
finally deciding that we should go into the AZO business. I think this premise is well in place 
we however when we decided to go into it we never had the impression that it would be a quick 
shift like the Blue. So, our idea was always that it will be a gradual shift. So, I do not think China 
is going to go away anytime soon maybe some other people may have projected slightly 
differently, but we had always projected a very gradual shift we do project that we actually are 
even seeing it even. We already seeing it happen in the last 6 months quite reasonably in the 
yellow business. So, how quickly this will happen is difficult to answer candidly I think China 
is not going to go away anywhere in the AZO business however even a 10% shift to India would 
double India’s business and a 20% shift would be brilliant for India’s AZO business because 
there is not many AZO players in India. So, how quickly or gradually it happens history has 
shown us that when it happens it normally happens a little fast and in a jerky manner. There 
would be a gradual shift which is already happening. There could be in the next three years of 
jerk which would move a global event I mean I do not want to speculate because this is not the 
platform to discuss global events, but if China were to invade Taiwan for example like Russia 
invaded Ukraine then it could be a trigger which could make China plus one, China plus two 
suddenly and then you could have the 10% happen in one year. So, if that want to happen on a 
gradual basis we will continue to see a very gradual shift towards India where Indian AZO 
business will continue to grow at a rate much faster than what India is growing at.  
Pravin Sharma: 
My last question is on the API business when we are putting up this Chhatral plant are we looking 
only at Pregabalin as the product for backward or forward integration or are we looking at couple 
of more products which are going off patent and where Atlas has already done some more kind 
of research and which are ready to be launched. So, I hope we are not focusing only on 
Pregabalin only from next two, three years point of view and we are looking at other products 
also.  
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Whatever strategy is right now at least internally what we are thinking that this is a small 
business 120 crore business. We have obviously gotten into it with the idea of taking it to 510 
beyond, but the first stage 300 crores would be our first target 500 would be the second cannot 
talk much beyond that, but when we look at 300 for which we have visibility we are very strong 
Atlas is very strong in India with Pregabalin. We want to establish excessive strength in 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Pregabalin kind of globally. As Arjun referred more into the semi regulated and high regulated 
market because currently we are in the low regulated markets only. So, we would want to with 
the new plants concentrate on Pregabalin because we see a very clear niche in Pregabalin where 
we could dominate like in the Blue business it can go up and down, but it has become our strength 
and it is very difficult for competitors to come and compete against us in the Blue. Similarly, we 
want to create something like that in the pharma business with Pregabalin that is why the idea 
of going backward integrated even with the Blue if you see the strategy has played out that we 
are backward integrated and it is very difficult for competitors to actually compete hand-on-hand 
with us even the big boys. So, Pregabalin is a similar strategy having said that there is more 
research products in Atlas’s table as 3 already on the card and 1 near the launch and so these 
products could be launched at any time we could opt to launch them at the existing facility once 
the new facility in Chhatral is ready and we concentrate on Pregabalin and the current products 
that we make we will make over here in Chhatral here as well and we could utilize the smaller 
facility which is in Odhav currently to move out of Pregabalin and into these new products which 
are low volume, high margin. So, because this is a small plant so we may choose to make instead 
of Pregabalin at the current facility once we have the new one ready and it is catering to our 
existing customers we could probably move that capacity to make new product three of them 
are under the research pipeline one is ready to launch in a few months.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Idnany from Minerva Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Neha Idnany: 
My first question has to do with buyback itself considering that we have a significant CAPEX 
coming up in this current year and as we backward integrate just to try and understand why 
continue with doing buyback and secondly I see that the promoters are participating in the 
buyback if you could just comment on the same? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
See the buyback has been well thought out I mean if you look at the overall cash position and 
the history of the Company we are very conservatively managed. Now we are entering growth 
phase so that is one thing I mean the total outgo of the buyback is in the area of 10 crores or 
something like that so it is not a massive dent. If you look at overall the past history of our 
dividend record we have been giving a payout of about 5 crores, 6 crores dividend anyways. So, 
what we are doing now is this year we have already declared the dividend and the buyback so 
everybody is aware that we have declared a very nominal dividend instead of a 5.5 crore outgo 
we will probably have a 50-lakh outgo. So, it is not the outgo of 10 crores is the absolute outgo 
it is instead of dividends partially so the net outgo due to the buyback will be only about 4 crores. 
Now today where we stand today financially 4 crores in our scheme of things is not a major 
thing the second thing if you look at now I am moving as the bandwidth is somebody else earlier 
referred is the management bandwidth increasing and I have said that yes management 
bandwidth is increasing and as the younger people take up more executive responsibilities I am 
seeing my role more as a capital allocator and when I study this role globally with companies 
which are very mannered and are investor friendly like we have Pravin was with us today he has 
been with the Company since many years. We have many investors like that. As a capital 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
allocator as a CEO, it is my responsibility to make sure that the investors are well taken care of 
and giving a buyback is a clear indication one of the confidence of the Company, but two also 
there is a shrinkage in equity whereby our return ratios would increase in terms of return on 
capital employed and return on equity. So, our 2% buyback means a state 2% improvement in 
this ratio and hopefully and also finally to answer your question the buyback is a longer-term 
strategy. So, we do not see dividend or buyback as one of strategies we never have reacted 
historically also in a cyclical manner. We are more steady we have adopted this policies as we 
should be looking in a positive manner and reward investor who are with the Company and that 
includes the promoters as well. So, in that sense we have a clean balance sheet, we run a very 
clean operation we have always done that as a family for the Jaykrishna family from my 
grandfather times we have a legacy to protect the legacy to take forward even the next generation 
has this weight of the legacy and shoes to fill so I mean it is a clean operations. So, we also as a 
promoter are seeing ourselves as investors so what investors get as shareholders is what we get 
as well. So, in that sense the buyback comes about it is a good thing for everyone and the 
Company should be strong enough with the CAPEX plan and the projections that we have over 
the next four years we should be able to justify not only this buyback, but hopefully future 
buybacks as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Vipul Shah: 
So, I just failed to understand the synergy between our life science business and our this Blue 
business so what is the synergy can you explain? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, the first one is very easy I will tell you do not fail to understand it you understand it well 
there is no synergies.  
Vipul Shah: 
So, we have gone ahead with this acquisition when it is relatively unrelated business? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
It is not relatively it is completely unrelated to the business. The only related thing is that it is 
generally you could say that we are in the business of chemistry and API is also chemistry so 
that is the only relation otherwise you are absolutely right. It is not even remotely related or there 
is no synergy. So, we have not gone into this acquisition with that in mind. So, your question 
then becomes valid and important then why API or why diversification. So, then Vipul bhai I 
would just say generally that if you look at our business our investors all these years they have 
always been happy with the way the business has been run, the balance sheet corporate 
governance is good the problem has been growth. Now when we look at the pigment business 
we only have Blue and I could understand that we are number one in the Blue business, but again 
the question was and it was a valid question from analyst and rating agencies and investors alike 
that why not the full range of pigments. So, now we are in the full range of pigments and we 
could probably go into high performance pigments in the ever-future date as well. However, the 
universe of the pigment business if you look at a 10 year or 15 year starting of the Company in 
future would be limited. The growth rates that we could get or the traction we could get is going 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
to be limited if I were to stick to this pigment business and continue to plough money into that 
business it would be not bad I mean because that is our we have synergies as we put up a plant 
in Dahej very senior synergies because all our customers are the same so that is a great starting 
point. However, the problem is then we will continue to remain on a national scale a small 
Company and we now have clearly gone into a path of growth with increased management 
bandwidth where we want to grow the Company a little more aggressively over the next 5 years 
or 10 years compared to what we have done in the past 5 years or 10 years. With that in mind it 
was very important at the board level we discussed this and I had as a CEO gotten a clear mandate 
from the board that we should look at a potential step up into something out of pigment. This 
was clear so it was a strategic move to start something that is outside of pigment and then of 
course API has various logics one it is in chemistry and we are into chemistry and then 
government is starting to appreciate the API business in India and the China plus one strategy is 
going to play out over the next 10 years. So, to take advantage of it and then finally when you 
come across a good deal as a CEO it is my responsibility to take it for the Company.  
Vipul Shah: 
What will be the CAPEX for this Chhatral plant backward integration and it will be completed 
over what length of time and how we are going to fund it? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
The CAPEX is going to be about 50 to 55 crores. This is going to happen over we just broke 
ground as I said on the 6th of this month. So, we hope to complete the project by Diwali next 
year and we hope to fund it 50-50 with internal accruals and debt. 
Vipul Shah: 
Diwali ‘22 or Diwali ‘23? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
‘23 Diwali, it is just 4 months. 
Vipul Shah: 
And on completion of this project what sort of increase in EBITDA you are penciling in sir? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Chhatral project by itself should be bringing in about 200 plus crores of turnover with this 50 to 
55 crores of CAPEX and so the total business turnover of the entire Atlas acquisition should be 
in the range of 250 to 300 post completion of the project and the EBITDA margin should move 
from 8% to 16% double.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Shah an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Shah: 
Just a couple of questions one is on your AZO and Phthalo pigment side in terms of your 
percentage what are your main raw materials that you use let us say by value? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Sorry say that again please you want the AZO or the Phthalo which one you want? 
Aditya Shah: 
For both? 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, I will answer for the Phthalo that is more relevant right now because all the revenues are 
mostly from there so I will answer that in detail and give you a little brief of the name to an AZO 
because the AZO ones is the list of raw materials is very long and probably not worth going into 
this call, but the Phthalo I will take you through in detail. Three main raw materials phthalic 
anhydride number one, urea number two and Cuprous Chloride you could think copper so these 
three are the main input raw material and as far as AZOs is concerned there is 3,3' DCB which 
is one of the primary raw material Arjun you want to throw some light on the names of the two 
or key raw materials there. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
As you said the DCB series and the Arylate series as you rightly said it is long. You have some 
common one like you said the 33 DCB, AAOA, AAMX & AAA, but every product has different 
raw material. So, it would be difficult to ascertain as easily as we can in the Blue. 
Aditya Shah: 
And then just on the Blue side let us say in terms of percentage Phthalic [Inaudible 1:00:25] urea 
and Cuprous Chloride like which one like how large would they be like your total RM cost? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, within the RM cost Phthalic would be 50% roughly indicatively just to give you an idea. So, 
that is the dominant raw material Phthalic. So, not as part of the total cost the raw material cost 
of the raw material cost Phthalic is 50% and then urea at about 30% and Cuprous at about 15% 
the rest of them make about 5%. So, these three makes a 90%, 95% of RM cost.  
Aditya Shah: 
On the Phthalic side only what would be the current total volume that you did for FY22 and 
what is the optimum utilization you guys could get to? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, the total volume that we have done this year is 14,000 tons of production as compared to 
12,000 tons in FY21.  
Aditya Shah: 
Any reason why you expand the alpha Blue capacity versus the others? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I did not get it. 
Aditya Shah: 
Adhere to the thought process behind expanding the alpha Blue capacity? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
That is a very small expansion that has done at a couple of crores and there is nothing much to 
talk about in terms of their expansion. Our capacity there is about 60 tons per month we are 
expanding it slightly. So, not a game changer or a CAPEX vis-a-vis.  
Aditya Shah: 
And as and when now moving to the AZO pigment side when you mentioned 35% utilization 
would this be majority coming from the yellow like after 50% we would be let us say 70% 
utilized? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Right now we are not at 35 we are at 25, but yes also 25 majority is coming from the yellow and 
as we target now to get to 40% and then 50 the majority will continue to come from yellow. The 
yellow is we are getting stronger quickly in yellow in terms of getting the products right as well 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
as of course even longer term we feel that the yellows will be faster to play out the question that 
earlier Pravin bhai had asked I probably should have drawn attention that China plus one may 
play out faster than the yellow than the rest because we today can claims that since the last 6 
months in all the raw material are indigenously available for the yellow which was not the case 
earlier red we are still dependent on imports.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhant Dand from Goodwill Warehousing. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Most of my questions have been answered I just wanted to understand what will our peak debt 
be in our books and in our API subsidiary book? 
Pratik Shah: 
Can you just repeat the question? 
Siddhant Dand: 
What will our peak debt be in our books? 
Pratik Shah: 
By which period of time, you mean? 
Siddhant Dand: 
No at the peak at highest level? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I think Pratik he is referring to the highest peak debt that we will probably go into you mean this 
year or your question is going to be over the next five years? 
Siddhant Dand: 
Over the CAPEX spending maybe like couple of years also would be a good enough guidance 
this year or the next year.  
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I think you can take it a four-year peak debt thing given the 50-50 crores of API CAPEX in 
Chhatral and the 35 crores, 40 crores of CAPEX for the AZO in Dahej. 
Pratik Shah: 
So, you see with all this CAPEX including our working capital our peak debt would be in the 
range of around 250 to 260 crores and the peak would be somewhere in March 24.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitesh Jain Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mitesh Jain: 
So, my question was only on the AZO side of the business so in the opening remarks you said 
that we would be doing 150 to 200 tons per quarter this year, so basically what could be the 
revenue for this financial year and would we breaking even? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Sorry I probably was not clear enough I was thinking we would do in April, May, June about 
150 tons of volume April, May, June. So, the full year volume would be at least four times so 
higher than that 150 so we would look at least 600 tons, but ideally we would probably look at 
substantially more than 600 tons for the full year. As far as breaking even, EBITDA breakeven 
we are hoping to achieve this calendar year we have not changed that because we are still hoping 
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited  
May 23,2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
that once something clicks it could be three months here or there as long as we are comfortable 
we would not worry much about it, but yes hopefully this calendar year we should EBITDA 
breakeven.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna for closing comments.  
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Thank you friends. It was a very good interactive session I actually enjoyed it the questions were 
very constructive and productive. We always feel that there is a lot to learn from interacting with 
investors and we should continue this dialogue on a continual basis. So, that is the commitment 
I stand by. I will just have a very quick easy closing because I have already talked about quite a 
few things in the introduction remarks. So, I would leave you with a basic CAPEX plan that the 
Company has so over the next two years or say one year we would have a CAPEX of about 50 
to 55 crores at Atlas Chhatral facility and CAPEX of about 35 to 40 crores at the Dahej AZO 
facility bringing the subtotal of the CAPEX to about 90 crores to 95 crores. So, about with this 
90 crore CAPEX the 4 crores, 5 crore of CAPEX at the Chhatral capacity 2 crores would be 
routine CAPEX is that we do annually other than that the plant does not guzzle any cash at all, 
it just throws out free cash and about 2 crores our engineering team is doing some innovative 
project led by Arjun he is leading projects for improving efficiencies which will cost about 2 
crores with a good nice payback, but no top line and then the 50 crores, 55 crores of API already 
talked about the top line possibility of 200 crores and 35 crores, 40 crores of AZO business will 
give us another 150 crore top line. So, our top line which looks at about 550 odd crores this 
financial year should be about 500 plus crores, should look at about 900 plus crores given all 
these CAPEX are completed and are operational four year, three year kind of idea to get to 900 
plus crores. With that, I conclude my comment. Abhishek over to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 
