26 May 2022  
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Subject: 
Submission of Transcripts of earnings conference call 
We hereby submitting a transcript of Earnings Conference Call held by the Management of the Company 
with investors on Friday, 20 May 2022 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss the Standalone and Consolidated 
Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended 31 March 2022. 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Enclosure: As above 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited  
Q4 FY22 Financial Results Conference Call” 
 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV GANDHI - CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN JOHN – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hester Biosciences Limited 
Q4 FY22 Financial Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rohan John from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rohan John: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Hester Bio's Q4 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. We have the senior management, Mr. Rajiv Gandhi 
- CEO & Managing Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi - Executive Director and Mr. 
Nikhil Jhanwar - the CFO participating in this call. I thank the management 
who give ICICI Securities the opportunity to host this call. Over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you all for joining in today's call. Good afternoon and thank you. Our 
results were declared today, the press note has also been sent and we tried to 
make it as faster as possible, more so because of the results that what you 
would have already read rather than going onto figures, I would try to address 
the subjective part and then would be open to questions from all of you which 
my team and I, we would try our best to answer them. 
Looking into the results broadly, our revenues have just gone up marginally 
that is 5% for the whole year and our PAT in fact is down by 1%. The poultry 
healthcare division has shown a little bit of a degrowth in Q4 while a growth 
of 11% in terms of the full year and the animal healthcare division has shown 
a growth of 22% in the whole year and 17% in Q4. Looking into specific 
vaccines and health products, sale of vaccines has grown by 5% and the health 
products by 44%. One thing you should keep in mind that whatever the growth 
are in terms of revenue, all have been in terms of numbers because our prices 
have not changed. This is just to note that, it is not any price increase that has 
shown this revenue, it is definitely an important factor. On the outset, I would 
just like to talk a little bit on the poultry industry at this point. The industry is 
going through a tough situation. Egg prices, meat prices, all are lower than the 
production cost and therefore it become extremely difficult for poultry farmers 
to actually buy their resources towards hearing the poultry, in fact some would 
have shrunk their population, some would try to not use certain inputs, etc., 
and try to just pull on and push on and take it further. This is cyclical, this is 

Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 3 of 18 
not going to be a permanent thing, so we definitely hope that this turns around 
as the situation changes. 
Looking at little bit of the comparison between FY21 and FY22, FY21 being the 
COVID year as what normally it is being referred to as in these days, overall, 
it had been a bad year for most of the people, but for Hester Biosciences, the 
end of Q3 FY21 and the whole of Q4 FY21 had been extremely good, in fact 
we had the highest all-time record fail in Q4. In Q3, we did all time high, then 
again in Q4, it even broke that record, Q4 mainly Q2, big demand for poultry 
coupled with a disease problem in the poultry industry which force people to 
look at preventive curative measures in order to make sure that their poultry 
population grows properly and that they are able to generate the desired 
revenues. Therefore, as FY21 had reached a very good peak, a very good hike, 
therefore FY22 in comparison has been much lower, the industry being the 
number one reason for things being slow. So, that is the one thing which I 
wanted to tell all of you. Another thing is that if you see from our fresh mode, 
our health products have grown by 44% in the FY from 21 to 22. Now health 
products are formulations, it comprises of vitamins, antibiotics, enzymes, 
other pharma raw material chemicals etc. The prices of all these have shot up 
tremendously in the last one year for various reasons, earlier the freight prices 
went up and the geopolitical reason, raw material coming less into the country, 
etc., and we have been continuously buying these products, raw materials at 
the available prices, but we have not increased our sales prices and that is one 
of the reasons which has definitely cost us bottom line. The raw material prices 
had gone up, so therefore our selling prices were not changed and we had to 
absorb all this, so that was another reason why our bottomline got hit. 
One more and that is the third factor which I would like to highlight is the 
licensing and the service fees. If you would notice from the press note, in the 
year FY21, we had the licensing and serviced fees, we earned Rs. 17.57 crores 
as against only Rs. 3.85 crores in the financial year 22. So, this also directly 
impacted the bottomline as we were just one say piece that we would have 
got in these two years. So, these three factors have totally impacted our topline 
as well as our bottomline, but as I said this is cyclical and I am sure in weeks 
or probably in a month or two, everything would be set right and there are 
these cycles always come at one time, it is touching bottom and then again it 
touches the peak, so we are reasonably confident that we should be able to 
have this turnaround sooner than later and we should be back bouncing up. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
We have also started additional penetration to cover all India with the health 
product with the animal health product range as well as the poultry healthcare 
division with the health products and our trust has now always been as I have 
mentioned regularly in our press note at times, in our calls, in our last annual 
report. As far as poultry is concerned, we already have an approximate 30% 
to 35% market share while we are extremely small in the animal healthcare 
division and that is something which we are now focusing on and we want to 
reduce the gap, in fact reduce the dependency on any one division not by 
reducing the sale in that, but by increasing the sale of the other division. 
Coming onto what next from here, our pet division has already been launched 
and in fact it has just been this month that three of our products, they have 
been on the shelf and we should be launching 6 other products in the next few 
months making the total to 9 and aggressively marketing the pet products and 
we hope that next year we should also be able to launch two vaccines for the 
pets. 
Talking a little bit about the COVID-19 drug substance manufacturing, the 
construction is over, all the machinery plant and machinery which got a lot 
delayed because of again various reasons, not getting shipped from various 
countries and that delayed the whole project, but now we have put that behind 
all the machinery are in the place. We should be soon beginning the validation 
of our facility and then get onto trial production. One question that would come 
in everybody's mind about the COVID-19 vaccine as the incidences are going 
down all over the world, also in India, what is the future of this. This has also 
come in our mind and in fact this was always in our mind when we even 
initiated the project. It is just to tell you all that the facility that we have 
created, our BSL3 facility, that is the multipurpose facility. We could use it to 
grow other microorganisms, some other virus, some other bacteria for vaccine 
development and it is not that this is a COVID-19 specific facility for the drug 
substance for the inactivated bulk antigen. As far the drug substance is 
concerned for COVID-19, our focus remains to produce that and sell it to 
Bharat Biotech who in turn will make the Covaxin vaccine, but at the same 
time, we have already started putting in our minds together on what next to 
do in case if the demand for the COVID-19 vaccine goes down. So, that is all 
from the COVID side. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Looking at Hester Nepal, it has been a good year for us as far as Nepal is 
concerned. We have done an all-time high turnover in Nepal. We had business, 
in fact, we did turnover of Rs. 13.9 crores as against Rs. 4 crores of the earlier 
year and this sales has just not been restricted to the FAO tenders. We had 
even got orders directly from countries for PPR, it also includes turnover of 
around Rs. 2 crores something from local sales which still this year we had no 
sales within Nepal. We are putting in a lot of trust to even capture the domestic 
market in Nepal, so overall Nepal seems to be looking good. 
Talking about Hester Africa, we have already commercially launched the 
Newcastle Disease Vaccine for poultry, we had launched the PPR vaccine, we 
have already produced CBPP vaccine, which is for Bovine that is for cattles 
which is under test right now, so we should be getting the selling license in 
the next few weeks. One thing that has happened in Africa that earlier as per 
the commitment that we had got from various countries including Tanzania for 
their countries to buy these vaccines, due to their current situation in the 
country, there is no movement on those front, not from commitments they are 
able to give at this point of time, but having said that we are putting in a lot 
of trust from the private market. We are trying to make vaccines available 
throughout the country as far as Tanzania is concerned and this is the first 
time that people in Tanzania are able to buy these vaccines of the shell from 
distributor. The cost of each of these vaccines, whether it is poultry, cattle, 
sheep, goat, swine is never too high, it is just that the people, the market in 
the African continent is very fragmented and even though it is of a small value, 
people are hesitant in spending by themselves, but we are trying to educate 
them and we are trying to revolutionize, change the whole marketing and 
distribution in Tanzania, let us see how this is accepted and how do we take it 
further, but we are reasonably confident that this should work out. 
Talking about other developments over here, as already mentioned in the press 
notes, I would not like to really go much in detail. The PPR tender was floated 
by the government of India, we were L1 and the supplies which were to start 
from January or February, they have not yet stated, but the supplies should 
start within a month's time. We have been awarded the tender and the 
business should start within a month's time and the approximate business what 
we are expecting in this year is approximately between Rs. 9 to Rs. 15 crores. 
The tender was for 20 crores doses of PPR vaccine which would be valued at 
approximately Rs. 24-Rs. 25 crores, but as the year has already begun, I think 

Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 6 of 18 
there would be some spill off on to the next financial year. There are other 
vaccines which are under development and they would be soon launched and 
last but not the least, the expansion plans that we have already mentioned in 
our earlier calls the bulk inactivated antigen for the animal vaccines, the fill 
finish, the bulk antigen facility should be going on stream in this quarter itself 
while the fill finish should go on in Q3 in this financial year, but with this our 
capacity would go up by two times and that would give us a lot of strength to 
push products and even push the sale of inactivated bulk antigen, try to export 
it to certain European countries for the production of their vaccines. So, this is 
an overall of this quarter and the financial year and with this, I would like to 
hand over the call to the organizers and accept questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart 
Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
So, my first question was related to our international foray only, as in both in 
case of Nepal and Africa, what we have earlier projected and how things have 
panned out, there has been a complete difference in that, so standing today, 
how do we see these businesses say 2-3 years, 5 years out compared to the 
domestic market here, how do we see that in our, I don’t want anything in 
numbers perspective, but qualitatively thinking, how do you think the impact 
of these two big market would be compared to the domestic market in India? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Let me first talk about the PPR disease situation and the vaccine. United 
Nations stands committed towards eradicating PPR from the world. So, that is 
something which is going to gain traction in the next few years’ time, though 
delayed, but it will gain a lot of traction. That is going to churn a lot of business 
as far as Hester Nepal is concerned as well as Hester Africa. Regularly, at least 
once in 8-10 months, we have a discussion with FAO and they always keep 
asking us, I hope you are ready with quantities that we would need, etc., and 
we always tell them that you just worry about the orders and leaving the 
manufacturing to ourselves. Now, with Africa plant also ready, we have two 
locations from which we would be able to export, so I definitely see this as a 
good business opportunity. Today, if you really go to see PPR vaccine, you 
take a worldwide survey of the supply of PPR vaccine, Hester Biosciences 
actually produces and sells, has more than 70% to 75% market share in PPR 
all across the world including India as the country. It is just that the volumes 

Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 7 of 18 
are small, but these volumes are bound to go up in the next few years. So, 
that is talking about Hester Nepal. Even if the volume goes up by 2 or 3 times, 
FAO is talking about some 15 times or 20 times more of volume than this, but 
even if it goes up marginally, we would have sold out and all our manufacturing 
capacity as far as Nepal is concerned. Now, coming to Hester Africa, the 
vaccines that we are going to be producing over there, the African continent 
is having all of these diseases over there. It is just that how it is addressed and 
how this vaccine reaches to the cattle farmer, poultry farmer down the line. 
Unfortunately, what has happened, since the beginning of the calendar year 
2020 till today, there has been something or the other that has been coming 
up in terms of COVID, then in terms of the geopolitical situation across the 
globe, so things have been a little bit in a turmoil. I think our plans are that 
we will just continue trying to develop the private markets, educate people, 
create a good marketing network and I can also tell you that the margins by 
selling it in through the private, through the trade are immensely high, than 
what it would be in terms of the tenders, etc., are concerned. I think there has 
been a little bit of delay, but I don’t see any reason why we should fall short 
of the original plans we had except in terms of time. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
My next question would be related to if you see over the last 3-4 years, 
contribution of our healthcare products are increasing to our total revenue, 
right, and we all know that vaccines are far more margin accretive compared 
to the healthcare products, so how do we see again 2-3 years, 4 years down 
the line, our margin and definitely about our ROE as well, return metrics as 
well and how do we look at when we have more and more of healthcare 
products and what would be the competitive intensity there because I think if 
my understanding is correct, the market of healthcare product is far more 
competitive compared to vaccine, so how do we position ourselves against 
that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Your questions have been quite a few. Point number one, that healthcare 
products definitely have a big market and definitely there is immense 
competition, I would just say little competition, immense competition. Two is 
margins, health products are always less in terms of margins than vaccines 
which is definitely an acceptable fact, but the growth can come immense in 
these health products. Now, look at it, you mentioned on return on investment, 
capital invested, etc. If you look at a vaccine entity, Vaccine Company the ratio 
for capital is to turnover is very adverse as what it is in the health products. 

Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
Page 8 of 18 
So, given a situation that our health product business increases up to great 
levels with lower gross margins, but overall, we will still be as profitable and 
at some point of time, if the whole business becomes big and it goes up to Rs. 
1,000 etc., or even more than that then you see the total amount involved, 
the total profits would be reasonably high and the capital invested to churn 
out as much business of health products is definitely far less than what it would 
be for vaccines. So, in the long run, we would definitely be able to make up, 
yes, but the margin are low and these are the ways that we will be able to 
make up. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
That really helped sir, so in that case, if I could understand it right, like in our 
recent foray into the companion market where we are not going to the vaccine 
first, but rather we are going into the healthcare products, so that would 
actually help us in that sense of scaling up faster compared to what we were 
doing earlier, is that understanding correct? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Perfect, without a doubt. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Nahar from Alpna 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Nahar: 
Sir, if you could just talk about the capital work in progress which has just 
shot up on an annual basis from last year to this year? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The capital expenditure has gone up because of the COVID-19, the facilities 
as well as the expansion on the animal vaccine side for the bulk antigen as 
well as the fill finish unit, so these are the three areas which have been into a 
high capital expenditure. The total expenditure as far as the COVID vaccine 
project is concerned, it is around Rs. 70 crores from our side and as far as the 
other two projects is concerned, that is Rs. 50 crores, yes, Rs. 50 crores from 
the other two and Rs. 70 crores in this. 
Aditya Nahar: 
And just my second question and my last question is, grant that you have 
received from the BIRAC under COVID Suraksha, will it be contingent on the 
specific milestone as you have mentioned, could you mention those milestones 
please, if that is okay? 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The milestone, one, signing the agreement done; two is with the civil work 
done, we are yet to get the disbursement, third is regulatory approval, so I 
think that is about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometrics. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: 
As you told that this facility which you are making for Bharat Biotech can be 
used for other product also, in case, COVID subsidize and become the 
pandemic and can you give some more color into that, usually used only for 
human vaccines or it can be used for animal vaccines also? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The facility is the BSL3 facility, it could be used for handling microorganisms 
of animals as well as human being, so it is capable of doing either. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart 
Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir, in terms of plant based beef this is something which is catching our 
attention in the Western countries, so do we have any vision or idea as to 
where this kind of market can be in 5 to 10 years and how does it affect the 
demand of our products in that 10? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think the first thing after this call, I will do a Google search on this and these 
thing, to be very honest I am not aware of this at all and I don’t have the 
ability to answer you on this. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
No problem sir, maybe we can include that in our annual report if it is possible. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Okay, just make a note. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
So, basically sir, in Western countries there are many people who don’t want 
to become a nonvegetarian, so they are coming up with options which is where 
you don’t eat actually nonveg food, you are eating plant based food and it 
taste like a nonveg food? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think they can be, I mean I don’t even know on the lighter side, why even 
waste time and doing all these things, just eat the vegetables. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Ankit Kanodia: 
I agree with you, sir because I am also vegetarian, but this is how the market 
is moving. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Gormalone. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
I just wanted to know about the animal health products where you have grown 
quite well, although on a low base, what are the kind of opportunities you see 
in India, Nepal and Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The opportunities are humongous as far as health products are concerned and 
at all the places only thing is that in India the competition is high, therefore 
the market penetration activity takes a little longer time, even in Nepal, it being 
a very small market and quite a few people over there, but we are able to 
make dents in Nepal, but Africa the opportunity is humongous. Anything sold 
over here at say Rs. 100 is sold at nothing less than Rs. 150-Rs. 200 anywhere 
in the African continent and that is the minimum. It could be 3 times the price, 
also 4 times the price also, so that is an area which we are looking at 
aggressively. One of the reasons for us to invest in Trishul which we have 
taken 50% is to make inroads with health products as an existing company 
they are already selling health products, last year even they had turnover of 
approximately $4 million and they are hoping to do around $6 to $8 million 
this year, so that is a focus area for us and we are very confident and as I 
earlier mentioned the cost for manufacturing these products is not as high as 
the investments that are required in vaccine, so overall we see a good 
opportunity as well as a good focus from our side on to this segment. 
Manish Jain: 
And the second question I had was in Trishul, you have 50% stake, would you 
want to continue that 50% the way you have in Texas where the existing 
management team will continue or do you have aspirations to increase your 
stake here? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
One is stake and one is management. We would want to continue these units 
to be managed by the old 100% owners who today are also partners in both 
of them. As far as stake is concerned, we have not yet given a thought you 
want to just continue at this level because state issues become quite sensitive 
issues and then the discussions lead to too many other thoughts. For the 
moment, we just continue the way it is. Let us see how things take us if there 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
are additional investments needed, if the partners have the ability and 
willingness to invest, we will take it at that time, but for the moment no change. 
Manish Jain: 
And one quick last question before I join the queue is, when do you expect to 
start your Egypt operations where you had an alliance with the Egyptian 
company? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Our alliance is of two type, one is technology transfer and the two is rights for 
international business. Their project has also got a little bit delayed, in fact, 
had their project not got delayed, our service fees and licensing fees would 
have again gone up in this financial year itself, but their project has got delayed 
and we understand their current situation. I think their project would go on 
stream at the earliest after 2 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Kapoor, an Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vijay Kapoor: 
Just a couple of questions, I think I am joining late, you might have already 
discussed this, could you share a little bit more plans on the pet division and 
what kind of numbers you are also looking at that? That was one question and 
related question would be, if you could share broadly where you see Hester in 
2-3 years, like in 2025 to look at, in the past you have indicated that for India, 
you were looking at primarily growing 20% year-on-year and reaching about 
Rs. 500 Cr in the next 2 to 3 years and for Africa about Rs. 250 Cr, so would 
you continue to maintain that guidance overall or anything would change given 
the change in the environment? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Let me take the second question and then Priya, she will talk on the pet. In 
terms of our growth plans forecast, the African market and the current 
geopolitical situation which was again preceded by COVID, etc., has definitely 
put a little bit of, I would say, has slowed down the rate at which what we 
wanted to do, but in India we are reasonably confident that in the next 2 years, 
we should have a very good and a massive jump as far as our business is 
concerned considering that we are going to put in a lot of focus on health 
products, on pets, and take it further. On Africa, we would wait and watch for 
another one year's time on how things are going to shape up, how the 
economies are going to again get back to where they were, but at the same 
time, we are pushing hard as I just mentioned on the private sector market 
creating awareness, creating a good marketing and distribution network, I 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
think a lesser quantity in terms of number sale would still help us get a higher 
revenue, higher topline, higher bottomline because the prices are good, the 
margins are good. I would not really want to comment on the guidance or give 
you any figures at this point of time, but this is exactly as what we think we 
would be able to take it further. Talking about pets, I would just give the phone 
to Priya. 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, speaking of the pet division which we have just launched this year, as my 
father already mentioned when he was giving a brief overview, we are starting 
off with a couple of health products to begin with and then going in the next 
year, we will be looking at a few vaccines since that always has been one of 
our strongest points. So, to begin with right now, pet care is very similar to 
pediatric care wherein you begin with lot of growth promoting nutritional 
products, grooming products for the pet, so our first two products and one is 
already out which is like in Omega supplement which is very much well in 
demand amongst the pet, so that is one of our first few products which has 
already come out with good feedback. We will be launching another 3 to 4 
products in this month and the following month and a total of 6 products 
through the year. Speaking of revenue, we are aiming at doing a topline of 
around Rs. 3 to Rs. 4 crores for the first year and then following to that 
probably hopefully increase substantially based on how we do. 
Vijay Kapoor: 
This is a quick follow-up on the pet business, so from a distribution perspective, 
is it the channel we are looking to go through vets or is it through the 
pharmacies or through pharmacist or through e-pharmacist, any specifics, how 
we are taking for that? 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, nothing really specific, very similar to what we are already following with 
our existing poultry and animal healthcare division where some are distributed 
directly to retailers, veterinarian. We are also looking at going online because 
this is also a lot to do with direct B2C wherein patients themselves, just based 
on what is the doctor's recommend, want to buy products themselves, it is 
going to be a mix of all kind of distribution channels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
Rajiv bhai, just wanted to get your perspective on what organization learnings 
you think we have got based on our experience with the Nepal plant because 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
the opportunity is clearly there, there is so much of excitement and passion in 
your voice when you talk about it, the fact that we had 75% market share and 
complete dominance in that, but if we look at the financial metrics on the Nepal 
plant and obviously completely in hindsight I don’t know if that investment will 
have a payback of say 6-7 years because it has been couple of years since we 
made that investment and I was just trying to understand that as we are 
looking to grow the company, how do we think about putting incremental 
CAPEX when a lot of the demand for our products is really dependent on 
circumstances which are quite outside our control. In this case, it might be 
development aid by governments to FAO which one really has no visibility for, 
so I was just keen to understand what learnings have we got and how do we 
think about CAPEX like this in future? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Any markets that need to be developed or anything that you want to take 
further, there are two ways to look at the whole thing, one is a balance sheet 
perspective, one is what you see yourself in the future and how you want to 
do it, etc. To give you examples, in India, companies like Pfizer, Glaxo, some 
of them, they would have been here pre-independence time and I am sure at 
that time, the hardships that they would have gone through, etc., would have 
been immense, but today if you see all these companies are really big, they 
have made it big and because of them being through, passing through all the 
thick and thin of various economic situations in the country, social situations, 
political situations, there have been sometimes reasons that products have 
been challenged because of the content, sometimes there have been political 
movements, etc., may be issues in their parent country wherever they are. So, 
all these things are a part and parcel of long-term strategy to withstand all 
these things and ultimately come out to be a winner after so many years. I 
think I would more talk on the subjective part rather than talk on the absolute 
balance sheet way of talking and in objectively 80% of the things are not 
possible. Objectively, 80% of the entrepreneurs would have seen to be failure 
even before they would have started, but I think there is a lot of subjectivity 
one needs to be persistent in any business, I am just talking in general and 
move further. Just something that reminds me of in the earlier days in Bombay, 
right when you move towards new Bombay the only thing that you could see 
was the Pfizer tower, Pfizer had a plant in New Bombay years ago and it used 
to always excite everybody seeing that big tower, the water tank over there. 
Today, it is not even visible, but the company has become so big, likewise, we 
have taken a shot in Nepal, we are hoping that we are the first. As we are the 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
first over there, we would definitely make a dent over there, create a name for 
ourselves that anything that we sell over there sells because of our name, 
because of the quality, confidence people have and take it further and we will 
withstand all these things. Political situation, we withstood the earthquake that 
took place, our trucks with the machine were on the road for 6 months, there 
were some transport strike and some political situation between India and 
Nepal, but I think this is all part of the thing and balance sheet per se cannot 
reflect all these things, but then the valuation and being there and having 
withstood all these things, I think that is something which we are very keen to 
do and the learnings from all these things are that one just needs to be 
determined. Even in Africa, we started with so many presumptions, so many 
assumptions, there are so many things that have happened differently. Today, 
if anybody challenges us from past forecast to today just based on a excel 
sheet or a balance sheet, I mean we might not be able to give an answer, but 
it is our determination to make sure that we become big and strong in this 
country and one thing that I would like to say, any economy, any country that 
you go, you need to become a part of their country rather than trying to make 
them a part of your philosophy and that is something which we have learnt 
and at both the places, we have local people who are the heads of organization 
and not to try to compare too much between India and the country where we 
have invested. So, I think these are the few basic learning that we have. 
Moderato: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometrics. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: 
So, this is my question again regarding this grant we are going to receive of 
Rs. 60 crores which we will get in the phase manner, apart from this 
milestones, we have to achieve that to get the grant, any operational 
limitations are there for that like we have to sell this product at this price, you 
have to keep that much facility? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, there is nothing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart 
Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir, I wanted to know about the license and services fee, so we are seeing that 
it has been very volatile in the last 2 years, so can we expect the same volatility 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
going forward or can we add some more sense as to where we are going on 
that front? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
To be honest, in our internal discussions, we have taken a decision that we 
need to achieve the standard profitability as what we have achieved in the past 
considering that licensing and service fees are 0. That makes it a lot easy for 
us towards planning everything. Let this fees be an additional, but we are 
working towards it wherein that we are not dependent on these fees 
specifically for a better bottomline. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
So, there is no sales and marketing efforts towards these fees, right? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, there are a lot of efforts, but I think looking at it in a very realistic manner 
I think we are not wanting, our core business is manufacturing and distribution. 
We should derive full income, full profitability from that, let this be icing on the 
cake. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
I had two questions, sir, you had touched upon how you all are seeing the 
margin pressure in your health product this year, but when I look at your 
numbers, your gross profit margin in FY22 was only slightly lower than FY21 
that 71-72% range and it has actually expanded in Q4, so just curious to 
understand what work somewhere else in our portfolio which kind offset this 
health product GP correction, gross profit margin for the correction? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think I will request Nikhil, our CFO to talk. 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
On the gross profit margins on the product sales, primarily there is a nominal 
change of 72% to 71% that is finally because of the proportion of the health 
products being higher in the recent years as compared to the earlier year. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Earlier, I believe you used to give the split of our India business into health 
and vaccine and what was poultry and what was animal healthcare, so would 
it be possible to start sharing that split because it will help appreciate what is 
moving in the portfolio and how one should interpret the margin numbers? 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Finally, this division wise revenues which gives the poultry healthcare and the 
animal healthcare division and the vaccines and health products been 
bifurcated on the first page of the press release. You are asking for some other 
details also? 
Anirudh Shetty: 
No, so is it the split between poultry vaccine, poultry health, poultry animal 
vaccine and animal health I think that is the granularity I was asking, maybe I 
missed it, I will just take another look? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
You want basically a detailed breakup of each of the segment in terms of 
profitability? 
Anirush Shetty: 
In terms of sales and if you also can give it an EBITDA level also that would 
be helpful, it will just help us to average that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, but I mean the point is that at the end of the day we are looking at the 
holistic business, it is just that for our internal purposes we know all these 
exercises to analyze everything, but I think giving it like this in a public domain 
would be a bit inappropriate for us to actually share all that information and 
we note there is any top secret about it, but I think we should leave our experts 
in the company to analyze this and take it further and do analysis. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
But just one point here that despite health products growing at 45% and 
vaccines growing at 5%, our GP margins is corrected by some 72 to 71, so is 
it fair to assume that the GP margins are significant? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I will tell you, GP margins in health products also and your question is that if I 
have understood that health products have a lesser profitability, but health 
products have grown so much and still the GP has only dropped little, that is 
what your question is, right? 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Yes. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So, this all depends upon the product, the product mix, the sale of product A, 
B, C, D, E; profitability of A, B, C, D, E, etc., so it sometimes, all health products 
are not unilaterally less margin than vaccines. Overall, they are less, but there 
are some health products where we have very good margin, so then if that 
sales are high and that actually even outbeats the vaccine gross margin. It is 
all a product mix. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Anirudh Shetty: 
And sir, my next question is on the COVID facility, so you have mentioned I 
think Rs. 70 crores is in capital work in progress, so what is the sales potential 
from the Rs. 70 crores and what is the margin profile on this business? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are at this point of time dependent on the government of India to take all 
these things further as far as COVID vaccine is concerned, drug product sales, 
etc., so in consultation with them, with Bharat Biotech, we would take a call, 
decide and take it further. So, this is a little bit open at this point of time, not 
only for us, for probably all COVID vaccine manufacturers, drug substance 
manufacturers, but having said that I don’t think that we should be worried 
about our margins, etc., on the sale of the drug substance. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
And on the Rs. 60 crores grant which as and when we get it, we use to invest, 
if there are any further restriction on what we can do with this in the long term 
or should you also assume that this all can also, once the COVID subside, it be 
used to either inhaler or health purposes depending on what we all see is the 
right approach? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
It is very clear and even on the press note on page 3 we had mentioned this 
facility is designed to be a multipurpose facility to handle other microorganisms 
beyond COVID-19. There are no restrictions on us, but we have a national 
responsibility today to talk about only COVID-19 as that is the basis of setting 
this thing up, but if that demand goes down, we are free to use it for anything 
else. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Gormalone. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Nikhil, just one house keeping question that of the debt of Rs. 222 crores, Rs. 
164 crores which is noncurrent liability and Rs. 58 crores in current liability, 
how much is coming from the Bill Gates Foundation? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
So, $12 million, so around Rs. 90 crores is coming from Gates Foundation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you all for being patient hearing me out and I hope I have been able to 
answer all the questions and we at Hester continue the hard work to make 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
sure that the company produces the desired results, the expected results and 
that we live up to the expectations of all our shareholders, stakeholders, we 
all on behalf of every single employee of Hester I say that we all are committed 
and we are 24 x 7 on the job at Hester. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes 
this conference call. We thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
