S.PAPPARELS LTD.
UKAS
Regd. Office
39-A, Extension Street, Kaikattipudur, AVINASHI -61 654, Tamil Nadu, India.
Phone
+01-4296-714000 E-mail
: spindia@s-p-appareis.com
Web
: www.s-p-apparels.com
CIN No.: L18101TZ2005PLC012295
Date: 26.05.2022
The Deputy General Manager
The Asst. Vice President
Department of Corporate Services
Listing Department
BSE Limited
Nat1onal Stock Exchange of India Limited,
1* Floor. New Training R1ng,
Exchange Plaza. 5" Floor,
Rotunda building, P J Tower,
Plot No C/1, G Block,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra - Kurla Complex. Bandra (E),
Mumba1 -400 001
Mumbai - 400 051
Stock Code
540048
Stock Code
SPAL
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligstion and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations
2015
Sub: Transcr1pt ofthe Conference call held on 23" May 2022
Dear Sir/Madam,
With reference to our letter dated 19" May 2022, intimation about the conference call with
Analyst/ Investor held on 23" May 2022. please find the attached transcript of the aforesaid
conference call.
This is for your information and record
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For S.P.Apparels Limited
K.Vinodhini
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Encl: As above
(A GOVT. OF INDIA RECOGNISED THREE STAR EXPORT HOUSE)

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“SP Apparels Limited 
Q4 FY22 Post Results Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
              
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
P. 
SUNDARARAJAN 
- 
CHAIRMAN 
AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, SP APPARELS LIMITED 
                                           MRS. S. LATHA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SP 
APPARELS LIMITED 
                                           MR. S. CHENDURAN - DIRECTOR, SP APPARELS 
LIMITED 
                                           MRS. P. V. JEEVA - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SP 
APPARELS LIMITED 
                                           MR. V. BALAJI - CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER, SP 
APPARELS LIMITED 
  MODERATOR:             MR. ROSHAN NAIR - BATLIVALA & KARANI  
                                             SECURITIES. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SP Apparels Limited Earnings 
conference call hosted by Batlivala and Karani Securities India Private Limited. 
 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by passing ‘*,’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Roshan Nair from Batlivala and Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Roshan Nair 
Thank you, Peter. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, I would 
like to welcome you all for 4QFY22 post results conference call of SP Apparels 
Limited. 
 
 
Today, we have the first senior management of the company, including Mr. P. 
Sundararajan, Chairman and Managing Director; Mrs. S. Latha, Executive Director; 
Mr. S. Chenduran, Director; Mrs. P. V. Jeeva, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. V. 
Balaji, Chief Finance Officer. 
 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the Management for initial comments. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm, greets to all of you present 
on this call to discuss Q4 FY 22 performance. I hope and wish that all of you and 
your loved ones are healthy and safe. 
 
 
As all are aware that the company has completed the retail hive off through a slump-
sale arrangement during 31st December 2021.After the hive off, SP Retail Ventures 
is continuing its operations under the subsidiary company and Managing Director of 
SP Retail Ventures. Mr. Chenduran will update you on the latest business 
developments of the company. As informed in the last call, we are planning to raise 
private equity from strategic investments in our new retail venture to grow the 
business and to excel in this industry. 
 
 
Now, with regards to the current scenario of the industry, I'm getting calls from 
various investors, shareholders that some ambiguity about this industry, what they 
see in media and what they hear, so I just want to update you on this. Generally, the 
scenario in textile industry is that cotton prices going up due to which the yarn price 
and in turn, the garment price are going up. That is for sure. – The cotton price has 
grown by more than double, never in the history before. And that has also affected 
the increase in yarn prices. This is a general scenario. There’s no doubt about it. And 
the coal, and the electricity, all the raw material challenges, and the electricity are – 
the prices are also going up. This is definitely there. And also, we found this is not in 
our favor, something like that, but this has also been under control. 
 
 
So generally, from the outsider's point of view, there is a concern about the textile 
industry, but that's not the case with most of the big players and especially in SP 
Apparels as– we would like to highlight three points which are mitigating this kind 
of situation. One is our USP is that we are strong in babies’ products as always. And 
that sort of key strength and remains key strength. And there is very high entry 
barrier for these ones. This is the one thing, which always support us because of our 
capability. And the second point is we are backwardly as well as forwardly 
integrated. So, this is the biggest advantage for us, especially the current scenario, 
because if the cotton price goes up, yes there will be an impact in our garment 
costing, but we overall we manage it in such a way that we don't lose the orders. Nor 
we will take the orders at the negative margin or something like that because one 
way or other we'll be able to make some money. That is one thing. 
 
 
And the availability of yarn is not an issue because our capacity of the yarn is fully 
balanced with our sewing capacity. So that has never been a problem. even during 
the crisis time, the cotton quality is not as expected by everyone, but we are able to 
do a proper mixing and we know what cotton we need to buy for our product. So 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
there again, we don't have the quality issues. So, these are some of advantages what 
we have because of backward integrated facilities. 
 
 
 
And the third one is our manufacturing, garmenting facility that as I always been 
telling that it's a hub and spoke model of manufacturing setup, which means we have 
mix of hostel and local factories. In the hostel facilities there are migrants as well as 
well as local Tamil girls.  We also have distance factories where there is abundant 
workforce available whom we can recruit and train. So, we have got a different mix 
of workforce availability, and we are engaging them well which means if at all, there 
is a problem in one or two factories in terms of shortage of workforce, the remaining 
factories will take care of everything. So, this is something which has been 
continuously mitigating our risk. And these are the three things which I would say 
are our key strengths. 
 
 
As far as the textile industry is concerned. So, for SP Apparels, you may not be 
having any concern about the business. I will update you on these things. And I 
would like to give you an update on the dividend part. Yes, there has been a policy 
for dividend and the Board has suggested to wait until the next Board meeting to 
decide upon the dividend and its quantum. So, I request everyone to wait until the 
next quarter Board meeting. 
 
 
Now I would like to discuss on the segment wise performances. The financial 
performance in our Garment division, revenue for this quarter stood at INR 219 crore 
as against INR 163 crore for Q4 FY21 growth of 35% on year-on-year and for FY22 
stood at INR 743 crore as against INR 534 crore for year ended 31st March 21, 
growth of 38%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of the Garments division stood at 20.1% 
for the current quarter versus 17.8% for Q4 FY21. Adjusted EBITDA of Garment 
division for the year stood at INR153 crore   as against INR 107 crore of FY21 a 
growth of 43% YoY. With regards to our current order book, it stands at INR 327 
crore. And with regards to the new customer additions, as we mentioned before, yes, 
we are looking for addition of two customers both of them, as we mentioned last 
time, they're globally present and they have stores all over the globe and we'll be 
working directly with these brands. So, the business will start, hopefully in the next 
six months’ time. By then we will have adequate capacities to accommodate for their 
orders. 
 
 
Before discussing about the o capacity utilization I would like to highlight that 
regarding Free Trade Agreement with the UK, Europe, and Canada, it is going very 
strong and steady and most probably by October, I think there will be some 
conclusion of FTA between the UK and India. This will be of a great advantage, and 
we will be at par with any other duty-free countries like Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, etc. 
Then we will play at par with these countries. This is also one of the reasons why our 
existing customers, as well as new customers are looking to place business with 
India and where again, for the babies, they would prefer only SP Apparels Limited. 
 
 
Regarding capacity utilization, it is around 72% currently and is expected to increase 
by another 10% to 15% going forward. So, which means we expect around 82% to 
85% in the next two to three quarters. The new customers are looking for bigger 
factories and hence we are planning to add one more factory in the down south in 
this year. 
 
 
With regard to spinning, as explained to you, our expansion of 3,600 spindles is 
completed currently, and they have started yielding production. Further as instructed 
in last call, to mitigate the risk of availability of quality yarn, and consistency in 
supply, we have tied up with a mill on conversion basis, so that the supply is done 
without any volatility. In the current financial year, our spinning plan has 
demonstrated well both in terms of margins and production. It has contributed 
significantly to the margins.  
 
With regards to the cotton prices for spinning, until now the cotton prices are 
steadily increasing, and our associations are talking to central government and the 
state government to intervene and see that some actions are being taken. Until then 
the prices continue to increase. We hope that in the next two months’ time, there will 
be definitely some relief and probably the price will start coming so, down. This is in 
regard to the spinning. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
And to go back to the Garmenting, I want to inform, because one of the shareholders 
had questions about the quantity. For the financial year’22 we have shipped  ~5 crore 
pieces. And the order book is 3 crore of pieces volume in hand, that is, INR 327 
crore in value. 
 
 
Going back to Processing division, despite the coal availability and the range in the 
input cost, our Processing division continue to perform well, and with good 
utilization levels and contributing to the margin effectively. Our SP Apparel’s UK 
division has seen a lot of disruptions in supply chain majorly due to the fair wells in 
the UK and the Europe. Non availability of adequate containers has also interrupted 
the supply chain and disturbed the revenue for the current quarter. Revenue for the 
quarter stood at GBP 2.1 million as against GBP 2.2 million last year. Current 
liquidity, our liquidity position is strong, and we have serviced all the debts up to 
date. 
 
 
With regard to Retail division, I would request Mr. Chenduran, the Managing 
Director of SP Retail Ventures, to brief you on the performance of the Retail 
division, and its updates. Thank you. Over to Chenduran. 
 
S. Chenduran 
Thank you, Chairman. So, I'm Chenduran, Managing Director of SP Retail Venture. 
This is the subsidiary of SP Apparels, solely for retails. So, as you know, we hold the 
license for the brand Crocodile, which was part of Retail division SP Apparels, 
currently with SP Retail Ventures. On the numbers, I'm sure CFO will be able to 
explain in terms of the value of the slump sale. 
 
 
So, in terms of Retail last year, last two, three years has been very difficult where in 
terms of COVID and lockdowns, lot of discontinuity in terms of the supply chain, as 
well as with the closure of a lot of stores, but this financial year onwards, it has 
picked up. It is very positive now. So, to give a brief update on the retail front, apart 
from Crocodile, SP Retail Ventures also has the license of a brand called Head, 
which is one of the premium tennis brands. The brand is very well positioned and is 
in top three in terms of tennis and the skiing. And we have the license for the brand, 
for the sportswear as well as the footwear of Head in India. With Head, we signed a 
15-year royalty agreement with exits in between, mutual exists. And apart from that 
SPRVL also holds the license for UK based kids wear brand, a premium kids wear 
brand which is based in the UK called Angel & Rocket. Again, it is licensing 
agreement for now, but we intend to acquire the brand in the future. It is a premium 
kids wear brand, which is completely designed in the UK for the global market. It 
has a huge presence online in UK, Europe, and the Middle East in offline stores. And 
in India, we are present currently in around 70 large format stores, like Shopper’s 
Stop, Lifestyle, Central, Iconic, Kaptions, apart from that all the online platforms 
like Myntra, Ajio, First Cry, even Nykaa in India alone. There is a standalone store 
exclusive brand outlet planned in Bangalore. And apart from that, we are also 
planning to increase the footprint in terms of large format stores as well as EVS. 
 
 
That's it in terms of the update from the retail side. Over to CFO, Mr. Balaji. 
 
V. Balaji 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you, Chairman and Director for the brief update. 
Regarding the financials, I would just like to update you on the consolidated 
financials for the quarter. Adjusted revenue stood at INR258 crore, as against INR 
194 crore year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 45.75 crore as against INR 
25.16 crore year-on-year. PBT stood at INR 36.58 crore as against INR 15.19. crore 
year-on-year. PAT stood at INR 25.25 crore as against INR10.56 crore year-on-year. 
EPS for the quarter stood at INR 9.83 versus INR 4.11 for year-on-year, which is a 
139% increase. On standalone financials for the quarter, adjusted revenue stood at 
INR 219.92 crore versus INR 163 crore year-on-year, which is an increase of 35%. 
Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 20.1 crore. PBT stood at INR 36 crore as against 
INR 15.98 crore year-on-year. And PAT stood at INR 23.26 crore as against INR 9.8 
crore year-on-year. EPS for the quarter stood at INR 9.83, versus INR 3.82 year-on-
year, which is a 257% increase. 
 
 
Consolidated financials for the whole year. Total revenues stood at INR 867 crore 
versus INR 653 crore year-on-year, which is an increase of 33%. Adjusted EBITDA 
stood at INR 153 crore as against INR 107 crore year-on-year, which is an increase 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
of 43%. PBT stood at INR 114 crore as against INR 59 crore year-on-year, which is 
an increase of 94%. PAT stood at INR 84.6 crore versus INR 43.2 crore year-on-
year, which is a growth of 96%. EPS for the whole year stood at INR 32.96 as 
against INR 16.8 year-on-year, which is an increase of 96%. 
 
 
Standalone financials for the whole year. Total revenue stood at INR 742 crore 
versus INR 536 crore, which is an increase of 38%. Adjusted EBITDA margin stood 
at 20.9%. PBT for year stood at INR 113 crore versus INR 53 crore year-on-year. 
PAT stood at INR 83.2 crore versus INR 38.68 crore year-on-year. EPS on a 
standalone basis, stood at INR 32.38 versus INR 15.06 year-on-year. 
 
 
Our credit rating has been upgraded currently to AA Negative Stable for the long-
term, and short-term, we have been upgraded too A1 plus stable. With regards to the 
debts in the books, on a standalone basis, we have a gross debt of INR 173 crore and 
a net debt of INR 117 crore. In terms of a consolidated basis, we have a gross debt of 
INR 197 crore, and a net debt of INR 141 crore. On the working capital front, our 
inventory on consolidated basis stood at INR332 crore and on standalone basis, it's 
stood at INR295 crore. On receivables, consolidated basis, stood at INR108 crore. 
On a standalone, it stood at INR 162 crore. On payable front, on a consolidated 
basis, it is INR 118 crore, on a standalone basis, payables are at INR 88 crore. 
Increase in the inventory level is mainly due to increase in the cotton prices and 
other cost of material. The increased cost of escalation has increased the carrying 
cost of the inventory without increasing the working capital limit. And this shows 
the strength in the company and its liquidity. 
 
 
All the other information is available in the presentation. And we can get into the 
question-answer session. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from line of Niral Sawai with Abacus Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Niral Sawai 
So my question is regarding this SPUK subsidiary. Now, we have been doing this 
business for a long time. So, how do we see the future growth trajectory and what are 
the kind of working capital requirements we have for this business? 
 
V. Balaji 
So, SPUK, we have started working with SPUK since 2016 onwards. And it’s six 
years now. And we cannot consider FY20 and ’21 because of the disturbance caused 
by COVID issues. We cannot consider that, but there it's purely a trading model 
where we are looking at the revenue of close to GBP 9 million to GBP 10 million 
next year. And it's purely back-to-back in terms of PO’s So, working capital should 
be hardly 45 days there. 
 
Niral Sawai 
Okay. But over a period of next two to three years, do we see this going 2x or even 
bigger than that? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. Working capital? 
 
Niral Sawai 
No I'm saying in the overall terms of size if we see the revenue? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
As, I've been explaining before also, unfortunately three years have been affected, 
that is FY’20, FY’21 and even FY’22 because of these supply chain issues. And they 
reopened these stores and the business picked up from the stock and everything. So, 
it had an after effect for another one year. So now it's getting back on track. The 
business model is purely based on the reputation of the company's subsidiary, which 
is very well known to the UK and Ireland market. As I always mention some of the 
brands they work in a different model, which means they want everyone land and 
delivery in the sense they want the suppliers to do the designing, the sourcing, 
compliances, quality and delivering to their resources. So, this kind of service is 
something which most of the retailers are doing. And for them, our company is the 
best apt for this kind of full service. So, there is a lot of chances that already we have 
three customers. So probably with these three customers, we can easily double the 
business in the next two to three years’ time. It's a good opportunity for this business 
model, which is not taking away any of our India business. It is an additional extra 
business. 
 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Niral Sawai 
Okay. And so, what could be a hedging policy? We have seen a lot of volatility in 
pound. So, would there be an impact in the first quarter? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
On this new, on size in the cotton price? 
 
Niral Sawai 
No, I'm saying in the pound, I mean would there be any impact of currency because 
of extreme volatility in pound in the first quarter? And what is our hedging policy? I 
mean, is there something which… 
 
P. Sundararajan 
So we have clear forex policy. I think let CFO explain. 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. So, we have a very clear forex policy where we cover 80% of our orders within 
six to seven days from the date of receipt of the order, so that we cover the volatility 
in terms of any currency fluctuation. And whenever we do costing with the 
customer, we work on the current prices and work accordingly. So, there cannot be 
huge volatility because of the currencies at least next couple of quarters. 
 
Niral Sawai 
Right. And sir, the way the cotton prices have gone in our category also, would there 
be a big impact because this is infantwear category which I understand is lesser 
commoditized than the adult wear and all. So, what can be the potential impact, how 
difficult it is to take price hikes in this segment? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. So, we have given a guidance in terms of percentage anywhere between 18% to 
20%, and I think we would like to stick between 18% to 20% in terms of the 
guidance. If at all, there is any pressure because of the cotton prices fluctuation, it 
could have a pressure not beyond 100 bps on the margin. So only a 100 bps could be 
a risk here. 
 
Niral Sawai 
Right. And sir, is there any expansion plan going ahead, as far as sewing machines 
are concerned for next couple of years? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. If you recollect, in the Chairman’ speech, we have couple of customers where 
they are looking at new facilities or facilities with a bigger capacity. So already the 
existing capacities are tied up with the existing customers. So, we are looking at one 
factory which could come up with the bigger capacity. That may happen towards the 
end of the financial year. 
 
Niral Sawai 
Okay. So, end of FY23, we might see this new facility coming on stream. 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. 
 
Niral Sawai 
And so how many machines we would be adding in that? Anything, if you can give 
some number. 
 
V. Balaji 
We cannot predict it now, but the additional capacity should be at least 2,000 to 
2,500 machines in total at full utilization levels, because we would like to go and 
phases there. 
 
Niral Sawai 
Okay. And so, what would be the capex behind this new facility, which we are 
planning? 
 
V. Balaji 
It could be anywhere between INR 50 crore to INR 60 crore in terms of the full 
project, including it. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
But right now, out of 2,000 machines, it's about 1,000 machines additions as it will 
happen in phased manner. 
 
Niral Sawai 
1,000 machines. Okay. All right, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Resham Jain with DSP 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Resham Jain 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. So, I have a couple of questions. First of all, congratulations 
on good set of numbers. So first is on Garment business. Our earlier guidance of 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
around INR 1,000 crore in the garment export business. Does that guidance still hold 
true for FY23? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes, I think we are not taking back any guidance. We are working towards INR 
1,000 crore of revenue for the Garment in FY23. 
 
Resham Jain 
Right. Great. And what you mentioned in your initial remarks, is it correct that 
despite several headwinds, which we see in the industry, the margin could be, at least 
in the near term we have the visibility of 18% to 20% with 100 basis point 
differential in your core business? Is that a fair understanding? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. Just now I said we have been guiding for 18% to 20%, but because of the 
unusual cotton prices, there could be a pressure in the margin to an extent of 100 bps. 
 
Resham Jain 
Right. Understood, sir. Great. And my last question is on SP Retail, the new 
subsidiary, which you created. Just to understand, how are you approaching this 
business because last five years, if you look at this business, and one can argue that 
’21, ’22 is affected years because of pandemic and all, but on a base of INR 50 odd 
crore, this business has hardly grown in the past. INR 50 crore have moved to INR 
82 crore in FY19 and a very small base. So clearly the scalability has been an issue 
in this business. And now we had this Crocodile brand, but we are now adding 
another two brands here. So how are we planning to deploy capital in this business 
given the not-so-great track record in the past, if Mr. Chenduran can help in terms of 
how the capital employed will be in this business and what kind of risk measures, 
because on the profitability side also, over the last five years, if we look at the 
cumulative, EBITDA, it's actually negative. So just the thought process on 
scalability of this business and also the risk management. Yes, that's it from my side. 
 
S. Chenduran 
So this is Chenduran. Thanks, Resham. So, in terms of the past five years, there have 
been a lot of ups and down in terms of the inventory management, there have been 
certain errors and mistakes where the stores opened, or we closed some channels. 
And if you just ignore the last two years because of COVID, the earlier three years, 
there were a lot of corrections that we had to do internally, which we knowingly did, 
but at that point of time, even before COVID, the plan was to achieve an INR 100 
crore top line in Crocodile alone. And unfortunately, we had the situation where we 
couldn't do anything, but we still achieved the significant top line despite losing four 
months. So effectively last financial year, we lost five months. If we don't take into 
account the weekend lockdowns, which are again, peak for Retail. We lost a couple 
of months with the transition. We've upgraded the SAP in terms of migration, from 
this entity to the other entity. 
 
 
There was a lot of hindrances, but as of today, as it stands, even from April onwards, 
we've been on track to achieve the number that we proposed to achieve. So, in terms 
of scalability, it has always been possible, but internally there had been issues earlier.  
But that is precisely what we worked on. And last two years, in terms of inventory 
also, we've considerably reduced. To an extent of INR 10 crore, the inventory has 
come down, by liquidation. We effectively used the inventory to achieve the 
numbers and we've reduced the buying. 
 
 
So going forward on the capital terms as well with the existing inventory, by 
improving more in the core business, core products, we will be managing the 
working capital and the inventory. So, if we do only fashion, then we have to keep 
changing every season but the contribution from wholesale distribution, which is 
going to be higher is going to help us in terms of effective utilization of the inventory 
and the capacity. 
 
 
And in terms of the new brands also, where we've not taken any additional overheads 
in terms of teams or marketing or any such thing. But they've already started giving 
us revenues. So that is going to help in terms of the overall overheads for the Retail 
as an entity. 
 
Resham Jain 
Okay. So, any four, five years’ plan, if you can share how scalable this business can 
become? 
 
S. Chenduran 
I don't know if I can… 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Rehsam Jain 
There will be losses which we may see in the initial period, or it'll be break even 
kind of business, at least for the first two years? 
 
S. Chenduran 
It will definitely be a break even this financial year. It has already started that way. 
And to be very honest, if there is, no unprecedented issues with COVID or 
lockdowns again, every month there is going to be definitely EBITDA positive and 
going forward, I don't know if I can give a guidance on a five-year plan on a number, 
but we'll definitely be growing to 50% to 60% every year. 
 
S. Chenduran 
That's includes the new brands also. So, it looks very progressive from now onwards. 
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Forum Makim with Equitree Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Forum Makim 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just had a couple of questions. 
So, could you share the realisation per piece number for the quarter? 
 
V. Balaji 
Should be close to INR 125 to INR 126 per piece. 
 
Forum Makim 
Okay. And how was that last quarter? 
 
V. Balaji  
Last quarter it was around INR 114. 
 
Forum Makim 
So it's gone up by almost 10%. 
 
V. Balaji  
Yes. 
 
Forum Makim 
Okay. So, what is the reason for the improvement in gross margin, Q-on-Q, and what 
would be the impact in Q1 on a margin since we are sitting on a high-cost inventory? 
 
V. Balaji  
See all the inventory which the company is holding or is carrying under working 
process is purely towards the orders in hand. In case my order book is INR 327 
crore, I need to have at least INR 180 crore of inventory under WIP, where I've 
already taken the cotton, yarn and completed the dyeing process. So, the process in 
terms of working progress is purely towards my orders in hand. 
 
 
And in terms of my raw material, because we are backward integrated. Our 
inventory both as cotton and yarn in our Spinning divisions and dying plant is also 
considered as raw material. And the carrying cost at the current cost should 
definitely be on the higher side. On the margin front, the current quarter, there is a 
betterment in terms of the margin. It’s clearly because of our Spinning division 
contributing on the margin, because we were carrying cotton average prices 
previously, which was giving us better margins for the current quarter. 
 
 
Going forward, our holding, we have come down to 45 days of holding. So, the 
margins could have some hit at the Spinning division level. 
 
Forum Makim 
So would that be a temporary phenomenon, or it could last for the whole financial 
year? 
 
V. Balaji  
I'm not sure. The cotton prices only God can say how it's going to work. 
 
Forum Makim 
Right. So, in a cash flow statement, there's an INR 6 crore impact due to some forex 
loss. Could you just explain what that is? 
 
V. Balaji  
That is not forex loss. It is gain, mark to market gain of INR 6 crore. 
 
Forum Makim 
So we've booked that gain. 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. And in our presentation, you could see that the margin was getting adjusted 
towards that. 
 
Forum Makim 
Right. And so, have we started operating the second shift? 
 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
P.V. Jeeva  
Actually, in one of our factories in a small level, one line we have started. Slowly, 
we'll be increasing one by one, and we are trying to add the second shift in one more 
factory also, that will happen in the next month. 
 
Forum Makim 
Okay. So, by next month it should be operational. 
 
P. V. Jeeva 
Yes. We already started operating one line and slowly we are increasing one by one. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
In one factory, we have started running the second shift for one line and it's on a trial 
basis and next month, we will start one more line in another factory. So probably in 
the next three, four months’ time, the number of clients in both factories will be 
increased. 
 
Forum Makim 
Right. Okay. And sir, we spoke about adding to new customers. So, what could be a 
revenue potential from those customers? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
I think they are big brands. Their volumes are unlimited, and they are focusing for 
the babies and kids. So, like in the first year we will be just starting on a trial basis. 
So, the real business starts from next year, FY23 - FY24. By then, our new factory 
will be also ready for the new customers. So, from say April ’23, the business will 
take off for those two customers. 
 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Rishabh Mundada with ICRA. Please go ahead. 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
Yes. So, I just wanted to understand, since cotton prices have been increasing, so in 
all likelihood, the margins in Q1 of FY23 would be impacted if the company is not 
able to fully pass on the price to customers? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Yes, see. It's like this. We always factor in the cotton prices in anticipation, which 
means we add another certain percentage of increase in anticipation and do the 
costing. And we are able to get some via media prices. So, this is how we are 
managing it now, because even the customers know that all over the world, this is 
the situation. So, it's not only the price of SP, but it is the price for everybody. So, 
they are cooperating. And the one good thing is that the retailers have started 
increasing their prices also. So, which is good news for us because unless they 
increase their selling prices, how can they pass on some prices to us? So that has 
started happening now. So, I think the whole industry, has started accepting the 
current situation and until the situation restores. So that's the current scenario. 
 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
Sir, you mean to say that you have taken price hikes in the current quarter? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. Yes. So whatever orders we have taken previously is going to be shipped for 
the current quarter and you expect the prices coming. 
 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
I was not able to hear you. You were telling something that goods are about this, 
goods are shipped. 
 
P. Sundararajan  
The goods are being shipped in Q1. We have factored in a certain increase of the 
yarn prices, but the facts were rightly the yarn prices have gone up more than what 
we factor in. Since in this quarter, Quarter 1, there will be an impact to some extent, 
say about 1%. 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
Okay. But just let's say hypothetically, like if the cotton prices remain high for 
another two quarters, so from Q2 we'll be able to pass on this to our customers? 
 
P. Sundararajan  
Yes, we are trying as much as possible. And the customers also understand the 
situation. And that is why I said that they were forced to increase their retail price. 
So, there is a room for passing on some prices. So, I think we should be able to 
manage the same 18% to 20%, with maybe an impact of about 1% as CFO 
mentioned. 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
Okay. 
 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
P. Sundararajan  
On the overall year. 
 
Rishabh Mundada 
One more point, in terms of this, are we seeing any impact of inflation in this Europe 
markets on the demand side? Let's say over two, three quarters. 
 
V. Balaji 
In terms of the demand, as Chairman indicated that the FTA is coming, the China 
factor, like the container, the ships are not able to leave the ports from China because 
of the COVID lockdown. So many factors and demand is definitely far, far, far better 
comparing last year. So, there is no big impact on the demand front. 
 
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Aman with Carnelian. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Aman, your line has been unmuted, you can proceed with your question. 
 
Aman Agrawal 
So sir, as I can see, like during this quarter we have basically exported around 1.5 
crore garment pieces. So, do we expect that for the next year we would be doing 6 
crore pieces, at least, like what we did during the peak of FY19? 
 
V. Balaji 
Current year, we have done 50 million pieces and we are expecting it to increase by 
10% to 15% next year, as you heard Mr. Sundar talking about the future and the 
number of pieces. So, definitely we are looking at increase by 10% to 15% in terms 
of volume. 
 
Aman Agrawal 
Okay. Noted. So, my second question was on the labour side. So, we had previously 
guided that we are basically adding around 300 labour per month, out of which we 
are basically planning to retain around 200. So how has that been going on? Like are 
we facing any issues or is that on track right now? 
 
P.V. Jeeva 
Yes, labour front, as we committed, there was an inflow of 200 to 300 people until 
last month due to some policy changes in Odisha part. There was a less inflow 
expected this month and next month. So again. from July onwards, definitely we will 
be getting inflow of 300 as we committed. So, regards to capacity commitment, as 
we committed, we'll be able to achieve the missions what we have already 
committed. 
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Samir Palod with AUM Fund Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Samir Palod 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. 
Just some clarification, sir. I'm a little new to the company. So as far as the two sort 
of subsidiaries are concerned, you mentioned that the Indian retail business has been 
hived off into a subsidiary, and they will look to basically raise private equity or 
strategic capital. So, there won’t be any capital employed from the parent company 
into that business. Is that understanding, correct? 
 
V. Balaji 
So for the new Retail Ventures, which has been hived off, there we have transferred 
on a slum sale consideration of INR 53.5 crore, which will be converted into equity 
at some point of time. And when private equity is joining us, then that will help them 
grow their business. 
 
Samir Palod 
No, I understand, but apart from this INR 53 crore, which will get converted to 
equity at some point in time, there's no plan to additionally invest more money into 
that subsidiary. It' will come from external sources, either private equity or strategic, 
is that correct? 
 
V. Balaji 
Correct. Correct. Until as of today, we feel that whatever is invested into is enough. 
And we would like to partner with somebody like a private equity or a strategic 
investor to take the business to the next height. 
 
Samir Palod 
Sure. So, what does SPUK actually do? 
 
V. Balaji 
SPUK is purely a trading company where whatever orders, which we are not able to 
take because of the quantities of the order size, SPUK takes the order and gets it 
outsourced somewhere else and gets it shipped to the customer. It’s purely a leverage 
only model. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
P. Sundararajan 
It’s in fact, as I mentioned before, there are certain small retailers who would not like 
to do the sourcing or quality directly because of the cost budget involved. So, they 
would like to have some local importer, full-service vendors who can do the 
designing, sourcing compliances and the shipping, everything, quality. So, in order 
to serve those small retailers, I mean, not small really, medium sized as well as those 
who want full service, so our UK office will approach them and they will do the 
designing for them and get the order booking, and they can source it from anywhere 
in the world. They can source from Bangladesh, source from India, source from 
anywhere, Sri Lanka. 
 
Samir Palod 
So SP it not a parent, at all. 
 
S. Sundararajan 
Sorry? 
 
Samir Palod 
SP Apparels, the parent, there is no sourcing from SP Apparels, India. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
It'll not source from SP Apparels here. They will source directly from other factories, 
not us. 
 
Samir Palod 
Okay. Sir, second question, sir I don't know if I heard it correctly. You said there is 
about INR 350 odd crore of order book for about 3 crore pieces. Is that number 
right? 
 
V. Balaji 
Yes. Close to 30 million pieces. 
 
 
Samir Palod 
For about INR 350 crore. So isn’t there a dramatic drop in the per piece value. 
 
V. Balaji 
So it's only a rough number. In terms of quantity, I think I can share it when we're 
able to communicate through mail. I'll communicate through mail on the correct 
number of pieces. 
 
P.V. Jeeva 
Actually the value is right at INR 327 crore. The average price now is INR 135. So, 
you can calculate the pieces. 
 
Samir Palod 
But last year, you did 5 crores for about INR750 crore of… 
 
V. Balaji 
No, no, see. The INR 750 crore of revenue is along with all the other operational 
income, exchange gain, the duty drawback and all put together. So, the number, what 
I'm talking purely on the export front. 
 
Samir Palod 
Okay. But in the last quarter you mentioned that you are doing INR 160, INR 170 a 
piece in one of the earlier questions. So, I’m just trying to get a good sense, whether 
it is moving up, it's remained stagnant? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Last year, FY22, the garment sales are INR 578 crore for exports alone. 
 
V. Balaji 
All put together, INR 740 crore. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Correct. But we shipped 5 crores. So, it is INR160. 
 
P.V. Jeeva 
So actually the sales, we are talking about is only export sales, but you are 
comparing with all the other income also. So that is the difference. If we compare 
only the sales part, the growth rate is about 20%. 
 
Samir Palod 
Sorry. The growth rate of per piece realization. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
See, last year, the sale value of the export per piece is INR 116 for 5 crore pieces. 
 
Samir Palod, 
you said INR116? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Yes. 
 
Samir Palod 
Okay. 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
P. Sundararajan 
578 divided by 5 crore pieces. 
 
Samir Palod 
So where does -- how do you – INR 578 crore and your total sales… 
 
P. Sundararajan 
No, no. The sales are INR 578 crore, correct? The sales of Garments are INR 578 
crore, leaving Spinning and Dying revenues apart. Only Export division, Garment 
Export. And divide by 5 crores, is another 15. 
 
Samir Palod 
Sir, I'm unable to understand. I'm looking at your Slide 10 of your presentation, 
which talks about Garment exports of INR742 crore. 
 
V. Balaji 
Exports has got a backward integrated. We have Spinning division… 
 
Samir Palod. 
No, it can be. But what is your per piece realization from your buyer? He's basically 
buying garment from you, right? Fully finished. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
What is your help, please? 
 
Samir Palod 
Sir, I'm trying to get what do your buyers pay you on a per piece basis? And I'm 
trying to figure out whether that per piece realization due to a product mix or raw 
material cost escalation or better margin, how is it increasing, let's say between ’21, 
’22 and in the coming year. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
No, I think let’s not waste the time here. You can talk to us separately. I’ll explain to 
you. 
 
V. Balaji 
You contact us. We will talk to you separately, explain to you how things are 
arranged. I think you are looking at this for first time. So, I'll explain to you 
separately. 
 
Samir Palod 
Sure. Sir my last question, if you can permit, just over a slightly longer-term period, 
we are hearing that the Indian garment exporters are seeing very, very good demand 
from UK as well as U.S. There's also some discussion around a treaty with the UK 
and given a lot of your export and your customers are in the UK. What sort of 
volume growth do you think this business can generate? Not just necessarily FY23 
but over a two, three-year period. How are you seeing this business develop, your 
Garment Export business specifically? 
 
V. Balaji 
So, we have already given guidance in terms of the growth next two, three years. So 
FY23 we are looking at a revenue growth somewhere around 20% increase and 
going forward it should be anywhere between 10% to 15% because of the 
complexity of the product. So, we are looking at 10% to 15% revenue growth from 
the FY24 onwards. 
 
 
Moderator 
This is the operator. Mr. Samir, if you have more questions, please join the queue. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and the interest of time, we request you to ask 
questions two per participant. Thank you. Our next question is from the line of 
Abhilasha Satari with Monarch Net worth. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhilasha Satari 
Thank you for giving me opportunity. Sir, you have mentioned that in FY23, the 
average revenue, what you would be clocking will be around INR 1,000 crore for the 
Garment division, and for the volume growth, you are guiding around 10% to 12% 
increase with 70% utilization, and that going up to around 80% to 82%. So, the rest 
of the growth, another 20% growth will come from that realization, product mix. 
How is it distributed? 
 
V. Balaji 
Ma'am if you recollect the last concall, which we have explained, that there is a 
significant increase in the cost. So, there is some escalation in the cost given by the 
customers, which could be anywhere between 10% to 12%. And there will be an 
increase in the volume growth also. So as the previous person asked, it could be 
anywhere between to 12% to 15% in terms of the volume growth, and because of the 
prices getting escalated 10% to12% growth. So, both put together, that is where we 
said that it could be anywhere between 20% to 25%. And if can add on to this is, 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
please bear in my mind that there is a continuous improvement in our efficiency that 
will also take about another 5% minimum of increase in the output, which will 
automatically improve the growth. Another one is increase in efficiency. The third 
one is increase in the price. 
 
Abhilasha Satari 
Okay. And what is likely to be our peak capacity utilization. Is it like that 80%, 82% 
would be the peak utilization and then the addition of this 1,000, 1,500 machines will 
give us further volume growth in FY24? 
 
V. Balaji 
See, our peak utilization can be between 85% to 90%. 
 
Abhilasha Satari 
Okay. So, when we are seeing the demand is so buoyant and in India there is lot of 
inquiry, your order book is increasing, then why we are guiding so conservatively 
when we also have a capacity. 
 
V. Balaji 
So if you recollect the Chairman’s speech, he said that our USP is on the children's 
product, where the entry barriers are on the higher side. Since we are in the niche 
segment, the skilled labor force is a challenge, which we are managing. And we have 
already climbed with couple of skill development agencies to increase our capacity 
utilization, which, as Ms. Jeeva spoke about a couple of questions before about 
increasing the capacity going forward. 
 
P. Sundararajan 
So as always, the getting the business is not as challenge as getting the capacity 
increased, because it's a labor-intensive unit where we need mostly women 
employees. So that is a challenge in this industry. So, our growth plans based on our 
capacity, always. The more the machines running, we can grow our dispatch. So 
that's the model. 
 
Abhilasha Satari 
Okay. Sure. So, 10% to 15% is more like a sustainable volume over a longer period 
of time. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka with White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Yes. Thank you. Mr. Sundararajan, I think the question is on the capacity. How 
many machines do we have right to installed in your current locations? 
 
V. Balaji 
All our location, we have 5,000 machines and the utilization level is at 72%. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Right. So, when you say utilization, you do not use the second shift. It's just a single 
shift being utilized. And of that, 72% machines are being used. Is it the right way, to 
look at? 
 
V. Balaji 
Correct. Your understanding is right. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
And how many employees are there at the end of the year, last year? 
 
V. Balaji 
Last year, we had close to around 12,000 employees on roll. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Okay. But if I see the numbers, on a December quarter call, you had said 12,500 and 
the number of March, you’re talking about 12,000. So has there been a fall in the 
employees in the company? 
 
V. Balaji 
No. Actually, because of COVID so many people didn't turn up. And this January, 
we did the cleanup in terms of settlements, having taken to people who did not return 
for longer term. So, the numbers are now looking at 12,000. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Okay. But our company has been struggling to get the number of employees 
addition? So how do you see this addition? I understand you have done contacting 
with agencies to get you employees. How do you see the employees increasing over 
the period of next six months or a year from now? 
 
V. Balaji 
So don't get into number of employees. For us, every machine must be supported by 
2.25 employees. So, if I'm running 100 machines in one factory, then I should 
effectively have 225 people working in that factory because you have the ironing 

 
SP Apparels Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
work to be done, you have the helper cutting work to be done, you have to do the 
buttoning work. So, you have to have the complete process in-house. So, for us for 
every machine, you should have 2.25 people working. And moreover, we are 
backward integrated. We have a facility with employees, we have with sewing 
people with employees, which all contributing to the number of 12,000. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
No, but the reason I'm asking is only one. I'm just coming to the same thing that you 
have do you see your utilization going to 85% with 12,000 employees? 
 
V. Balaji 
No. See, utilization is only because of the presence of the operator on the sewing 
machine. So, my utilization only says for example, if I am having a 100 sewing 
machine factory, and I have 200 employees on roll, and I have sewing operators 
coming, then only 10 machines can run. So, my utilization level and number of 
employees on roll doesn't matter. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Okay. So then if -- so coming to the same question, if it is not matching, then what is 
stopping you from getting 85% utilization despite you having…  
 
P. Sundararajan 
We need operators. See if I have to run one machine, at first, I need one operator and 
helpers another 1.2. So, if I don't have an operator, then I cannot use that helper also. 
So, the greater number of machines… 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
So I have the same question again, are the shortage of operators and how do you see 
the number of operators increasing over the next one year? 
 
P. Sundararajan 
Yes, that's what they told. We have to do addressing sourcing. Manpower sourcing, 
we have to train them. And that's the major thing, you know. That's the damage. I 
mean, your question is how can we grow if we don't have the operating? Correct. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
Exactly, exactly. I'm trying to understand that… 
 
P. Sundararajan  
So, I never said I don’t have an operator. No. I said, I am going to recruit. That’s a 
continuous process. 
 
Niraj Mansingka 
So the question is what is a visibility that you'll be able to hire? I know you have 
done contracting with skill people, skill agencies. So how much confidence do you 
have that you can hire employees? So, the use utilization can go up much beyond 
85%. 
 
P. Sundararajan  
That an ongoing thing. Gradually only we can do it because there are lot of, ifs and 
buts. So, I think it's a continuous process. I cannot give you any clear visibility. 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this was the last question for today. 
And now I would like to hand the conference back over to the Management for 
closing remarks. 
 
 
P. Sundararajan  
So I think we have been able to answer to most of the questions. If anything, still not 
clarified still, if you have any queries, please do not hesitate to call anyone of us, or 
email us. We'll be able to explain in detail. Otherwise, thanks for your support. 
Thanks for the time you spent. Thanks for showing interest in our organization and 
investing in our organization. Please, touchwood, as I always say that these company 
is not fully growth more, and we are looking for great numbers in the next five 
years’ time. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala and Karani Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
