@) 
Divi 's Laboratories Limited 
To 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Stock Code: DIVISLAB 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Date: May 26, 2022 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Stock Code: 532488 
Sub: 
Transcript of earnings conference call held on May 23, 2022 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 
We are herewith enclosing copy of the transcript of the Company's earnings conference call 
for Q4 and full year FY22, held on May 23, 2022. This transcript is also uploaded on our 
website www.divislabs.com under Investor Relations section. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
7/?ttoratories Limited 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Complianc 
Regd. Off.: Divi Towers, 1-72/23(P)/DIVIS/303, Cyber Hills, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, INDIA. 
Tel : +91-40-6696 6300/400, Fax : 91-40-6696 6460., GIN : L24110TG1990PLC011854 
E-mail: mail@divislabs.com, Website: www.divislabs.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Divi’s Laboratories Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. MURALI K. DIVI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, DIVI’S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
(COMMERCIAL), DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. L. KISHORE BABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
DIVI’S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU – GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE & ACCOUNTS, DIVI’S LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. M. SATISH CHOUDHURY – COMPANY SECRETARY 
& CHIEF INVESTMENT RELATIONS OFFICER, DIVI’S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of Divi’s 
Laboratories Limited for Q4 and full year FY2022. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish Choudhury. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I'm M. Satish Choudhury – Company Secretary and Chief Investor 
Relations Officer of Divi's Laboratories Limited. 
I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2022. From Divi's Labs, we have with us today, Dr. Murali K. Divi – Managing Director; 
Ms. Nilima Prasad Divi – Whole-Time Director (Commercial); Mr. L. Kishore Babu – Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu – General Manager (Finance & Accounts). 
During the day, our Board has approved the results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2022, and we have released the same to the stock exchanges as well as updated the same in our 
website. Please note that this conference call is being recorded and a transcript of the same will 
be made available on the website of the company. Please also note that the audio of the 
conference call is the copyright material of Divi’s Laboratories Limited and cannot be copied, 
rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without specific and written consent of the 
company. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include certain 
forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future 
events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations of future performance of the 
company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause 
our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Divi's Laboratories or 
its officials does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of future events or otherwise. 
Now I hand over the conference to Dr. Murali K. Divi – Managing Director for opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Good afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us at our Q4 Financial Year '22 Earnings 
Conference. I hope that all of you, your families and friends are safe. 
The current situation of COVID-19 is significantly improving with more people recovering and 
less hospitalization. We shall appreciate our government bodies, who have made tremendous 
efforts by conducting mass vaccination drive to tackle COVID-19.  

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Divi’s continues to mitigate the uncertainties tactically and get up to everchanging customer 
requirements and business needs. At this moment, I would like to applaud the dedication of all 
employees across the organization for achieving a milestone revenue of $1 billion with decent 
profitability despite the hurdles faced during the pandemic. 
During the year 2021, apart from creating additional capacities for our pipeline products as well 
as new capacities for emerging custom synthesis projects, we have also augmented and upgraded 
our utility infrastructure, which also includes environment management. 
I would like to inform you that our core investment from the last 2 years on debottlenecking, 
capacity expansion and backward integration have started to help us achieve scale and derisk 
external supply dependence.  
Due to the pandemic, there is much more focus on development of oral small molecules for 
complex therapeutics segments for ease of administration. With high competency in handling a 
wide range of complex chemistry as well as rapid commercialization capabilities, Divi’s has 
capacities and capabilities to take on the opportunities that lie ahead. 
Divi's as a responsible pharmaceutical firm, has engaged in a number of CSR activity, and we 
have spent about Rs. 42 crore during financial year '21, '22. Our initiatives are mostly focused 
in the surrounding communities around our manufacturing units. These include enabling vital 
services like providing clean drinking water, empowering women, promoting education to 
children, encouraging skill development to name a few. 
I would now ask Nilima Divi to brief on operations and financials. Thank you. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Hello. Good afternoon. I welcome everyone to Divi's Laboratories Earnings Call to discuss the 
results of our Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference. I hope that each one of you, along with your friends 
and family, are safe. 
Supply and cost challenges on procurement side persist given the geopolitical tension and 
lockdown in China due to COVID-19. We are actively monitoring the development and 
managing our inventory based on the product criticality. We are making a huge effort in 
encouraging and developing domestic Indian sources for some of our material requirements. The 
risks are mitigated to a large extent thereby minimizing the impact. Shipping costs and timelines 
continue to increase. Container shortages, rising oil prices and port congestions are causing great 
disruptions across regions. Our logistics teams are proactively planning shipments, with timely 
communication to customers, creating a clear supply visibility. 
Overall, FY22 has been quite a challenging year for the pharma industry as a whole. Supply 
continuity despite various disruptions across the supply chain speaks volumes about our abilities 
as a reliable supplier. Globally, pharma companies are diversifying their supply network, 
focusing on stable supply partners with sustainable business model and strong supply chain 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
control. Divi's is ready to capitalize on all these opportunities with ready capacity. Moving on 
to financial performance for the year 2021-’22. 
I'm happy to state we have achieved a consolidated total revenue of Rs. 9,074 crore for the year, 
reflecting a growth of 29% over the corresponding previous year. Profit before tax for the year 
amounted to Rs. 3,684 crore, a growth of 38%. We earned a profit after tax of Rs. 2,960 crore 
during the year, reflecting a growth of 49%. Our EBITDA margin for the year accounted to 44%. 
We have been able to contain our material consumption in the range of 34% to 35% based on 
product mix, despite supply constraints and price volatility. 
Product mix for generics to custom synthesis is 41% and 59% for the full year. For the quarter 
ended March 31, 2022, we have achieved a consolidated total revenue of Rs. 2,571 crore, 
reflecting a growth of 42% over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Profit before tax 
for the quarter amounted to Rs. 1,076 crore, with a growth of 61% year-on-year. We earned a 
profit after tax of Rs. 897 crore during the quarter, reflecting a growth of 78% year-on-year. 
Exports for the year accounted to 90%. Exports to Europe and America accounted to 77% of our 
revenue. Constant currency growth for the quarter has been 39%, while for the year, it has been 
34%. 
Our nutraceutical business for the quarter amounted to Rs. 157 crore and Rs. 629 crore for the 
year. We have capitalized assets worth Rs. 172 crore during the quarter and Rs. 935 crore during 
the year. We have a capital work in progress of Rs. 470 crore. We have a FOREX gain of Rs. 
29 crore for the quarter and for the year, the FOREX gain has been Rs. 38 crore. As of March 
31, 2022, we have cash on book of Rs. 2,804 crore, receivables of Rs. 2,570 crore and inventories 
of Rs. 2,644 crore. Our networth now is Rs. 11,691 crore. Thank you. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you, madam. With this, we would request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Tushar 
Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just would like to understand, given that we continue to have a steady state sales growth of 13% 
to 15% and against that FY21-22 has been a phenomenal year, so would that growth continue 
even in FY23? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I used to project every year 5% to 10% growth year-on-year on the regular business. It is so 
dynamic situation right now which we are in, as some of the volumes that came from custom 
synthesis projects for the innovator is a very unique situation. Lots of dynamic changes in the 
therapeutic segments, we need to be resilient and quickly respond to the dynamic changes. Yes, 
it's a wishful thinking that we would like to maintain, but we also have to look at the reality and 
the dynamic situation. What I can say is we created capacity with multipurpose blocks. We are 
ready to produce volumes in a short notice. Divi’s model has speed of delivery. And I think, 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
what we are saying is we are fulfilling all contracts, the future is good; but at the same time with 
so many things happening in the world on energy, on various fronts and pandemic situation or 
pandemic, how it is going to behave in the coming year, not knowing, it's very difficult to give 
projections at this moment. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
On the receivables that have been sharply increased over the past 6 months, if you could explain 
that? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
There are no bad receivables. All receivables are as per the contracts. And what is reflecting is 
the increase in sales that has happened in the fourth quarter. That's what is reflecting. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly, if I may, just an update on Kakinada’s CAPEX? Has that started? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We are still waiting for the government clearance to go ahead, though we have all the licenses 
received. And as soon as it comes, we'll be investing. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, it's been almost 3 months where documentation is very much in place, but clearance is not 
coming yet. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We are waiting for it, expecting it any day to happen. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Just wanted to understand what our current capacity utilization is given the capacity expansion 
and debottlenecking? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The capacity is around 80% right now, and it varies quarter-on-quarter 80%, 85%. But what I 
want you to understand, that the 15% of capacity is available. It’s a quite large volume to 
accommodate anywhere from 5 to 10 projects in large volume, it can accommodate. We also 
have 2 buildings that are ready now to take up new product constructed already. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, the 15% available capacity includes these 2 new buildings? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The 15% doesn't include the 2 new buildings because the equipment has to still go in into the 2 
new buildings. The building that are running right now, we are operating about 85%. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And sir, given that Kakinada is yet to start construction and our growth rate, do you see a risk, 
let's say, in FY24, '25, where our growth becomes flattish because of inability to add capacity? 
Do you run into that risk, not immediately, but let's say, 18 to 24 months down the line? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think I did mention last time that both Unit 1 and Unit 2 at both sites, we have more than 100 
acres of land. At Unit 1, 200-plus acres, and at unit 2, 150 acres land available with all 
infrastructure, so that we could start construction of additional building immediately without 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
waiting, to take very large volume product, where we can accommodate 5 to 10 projects without 
buildings and equipment available right now. I don't see that Kakinada delay has anything to do 
with we being unable to fulfill any new opportunities that may arise in the coming 2 to 4 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, 3 questions. The first question is on this antiviral drug opportunity. So, if I remember correct, 
last quarter that you had mentioned, you are working on multiple molecules on this front, so 
which could be considered as a limited period opportunity, but you were mentioning about 1 to 
2 years of opportunity on those fronts. And more to that is that on the calendar '22 is likely to 
see a kind of oversupply of this antiviral drugs. The global estimates suggest that $32 billion 
worth of antiviral drugs will be supplied by 3 players. And if that is the case, then API supply 
opportunity possibly will be $1 billion plus. So, given our executional track record for 
molnupiravir and all that, so how do you see really this opportunity really panning out 
throughout calendar '22 for the industry and Divi's particularly in FY23? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
There are multiple opportunities for the pandemic, for the COVID-19. As you have seen, the 
earlier ones favipiravir, ivermectin, dexamethasone, chloroquine, acyclovir, remdesvir, several 
of them, people thought they were highly active and with the virus changing its course or 
changing its activity, I think they became inactive or they are being less used. Now you 
mentioned the newer ones with the 3 big pharmas coming up, another 2 or 3 biopharmas, they're 
also developing. But what is going to be the billion-dollar question or multibillion dollar question 
is how the pandemic behavior is going to be in the next 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 1 year. 
What kind of changes that will take place in its behavior, that is the real issue. What I am saying 
is we are in touch with every big pharma. Every big pharma knows that if they want 100, 500, 
1000 tons of an antiviral drug, usually antiviral drugs especially the oral ones are not just 50 
milligrams, 100 milligrams, these are in grams per day. So, if they need, if the product is 
successful, they need no less than 100 to 1,000 tons or higher; and there are not many companies 
that could handle such volumes in a very short notice. We are prepared to do that and we have 
the equipment, trained employees and analytical equipment available to handle all such. We will 
not lose any opportunities what ever comes to us from these big pharmas. That much I can tell 
you. Instead, quantifying is difficult because it’s very, very difficult to quantify. 
Surya Patra: 
My second question is at least on the new product additions. So, if I see, sir, in the recent past 
or after a meaningful gap that we have added products like Orlistat, Brilinta, Lacosamide. So, 
these are the kind of DMF filings that we have done. So, possibly Lacosamide is not possibly 
much larger product compared to our normal product basket, what it used to be. And in case of 
Orlistat and Brilinta, possibility it is a China replacement strategy that you would be looking for. 
So, sure, what is the thought process in selecting these 3 products in the recent past for filing 
with the U.S. FDA? Some sense will give a better clarity, sir. 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It's not just 3 products. I did mention that there are products going out of patent between '23 and 
'25, about $20 billion worth. These products are our real targets for making the nextgen generics 
to give us good volumes. And for these, I think this is one of the growth engine I have mentioned, 
the future generic opportunities where the products are developed, sample shipped from pilot 
studies and validations are under the progress. So, we are gearing up for supplies between '23 
and '25 for these good volume products. 
Surya Patra: 
Just last one question, sir, from my side. Generally, I wanted to have a kind of a big picture view 
from your side. Let's say, what is our aspiration over the next 5 years? Considering these couple 
of facts, we know that this China replacement is a much bigger opportunity for particularly in 
the APIs and intermediate space, that is one. Secondly, the old concern, the old and standing 
concern of rising cost, which has been a key factor for outsourcing of manufacturing activity. 
So, that is becoming more and more serious only. And third is that your dominant position in 
that API and intermediate space for both patented molecules as well as generic one, India's 
favored position in the current timeframe. And also, your non-presence in the biologics which 
is likely to be one of the key growth driver. Considering these 4 factors, what 5-year goal and 
aspirations that you are having, sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It's unlimited. Goals are unlimited; because sky is the limit if one wants to dream. I think I always 
say dream high but make sure that your feet are on the ground. I repeat again, aim high, dream 
high, but keep the feet on the ground, live in reality. The reality is we are a debt-free company, 
we have Rs. 3,000 crore of cash in the bank, and we have a lot of investments done, already have 
capacities and we are further investing. Now in the small molecules, I think we are probably one 
of the first ones to reach $1 billion sales in the small molecules, APIs and intermediates. And 
how soon we can grow from there to the next level. To become a $1 billion company is one 
thing, growing from there within the space where we have chosen, as you said is an opportunity, 
the China replacement, and also there are several new molecules coming out, they're not coming 
from the big pharmas, they are coming from small biotech companies or small companies which 
are being funded. So, the big pharmas are buying these companies when they are in Phase-I, 
Phase-II. And all of a sudden, they need capacity to manufacture these products in large volumes. 
We are evaluating some of those or few of those and we see great opportunity in the coming 3 
to 5 years in those, as big pharmas don't own chemical plants anymore. Those who say make in 
Europe, make in U.S., but there are no big API manufacturing facilities. The maximum they can 
do is maybe take N minus 1 and finish the APIs for the requirement of only in U.S. or for Europe, 
at least certain quantum to say that it is made in U.S. or made in Europe. So, we are ready to 
take all the opportunities that are arising from these areas. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jiten Doshi from ENAM Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Jiten Doshi: 
Sir, I have just one question. If you look out about 4, 5 years, where do you believe are the 
sustainable growth rates and the sustainable margins? I'm not discussing quarter 2 or 1 year, the 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
coming year. But let's say, if you look at 5 years ahead, where do you see sustainable growth 
rates and sustainable margins? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It's not an easy question to answer, because we are getting the surprises of pandemic, which ate 
3 years straight in terms of several issues. Fortunately, Divi's did not get impacted. Now looking 
at the energies, the logistics, I think the main one is the logistics in the world right from 
containers to transportation to ports being blocked or being into trouble. I'm not talking about 
Ukraine and I'm not talking about Sri Lanka or China ports. Overall, I think there's a lot of 
problem in the transportation also. But as a company, making APIs and intermediates, sky is the 
limit and we are prepared, we are gearing up with all the capacity requirements and as you know, 
the big pharmas are looking at more and more small molecules, because it is easy to administer. 
When the pandemic came, people tried the Remdesivir and few other things as injectable. But 
again, that will limit, to take care of the people. Whereas in the oral form, it is much easier to 
administer to millions of people. So, several companies are looking at APIs, which are 
administered orally. These are mostly small molecules. And I think we expect a good growth. 
And as you said, in 5 years, I think we can expect good growth. 
Jiten Doshi: 
And sir, can I take 40% as your base margin without which you don't want to work? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I won't say that I don't want to work. We will work towards it. If somebody is getting 20% or 
30% on a product, we know what to do, The Kaizen that is the continuous improvement in terms 
of cost savings, improving yields, increasing productivity, recycling solvent, work on atom 
efficiency, where people think that to make a 10% margin is difficult, I can say that we'll make 
50% margin in that product. We're doing that in some of our generics. It's not that difficult. We 
will always choose a product that will grow, that will be required for a long time. We are not 
looking at immediately, whether there is a 30% margin or 60% margin. It doesn't matter to us. 
We know we can work on it, and we see the opportunity on atom efficiency and we go after it. 
This is where we have the 500 people in research who are dedicated to work. 
Jiten Doshi: 
So, sir, next 5 years, you would be spending what, about Rs. 7,000 crore, Rs. 8,000 crore of 
CAPEX to accomplish your vision? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The planning is about in the next 2, 3 years to spend about Rs. 2,000 crore, Rs. 3,000 crore. But 
if opportunities require, we don’t mind spending Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore because, we 
do accumulate and our reserves do permit such expansion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just the first one on custom versus generic versus nutraceutical. So, I just want to understand, 
and this is again disclosure you put out in the annual report, but I'm just preempting it here. What 
is the largest product? And what is the concentration or how much does it contribute to your 
total sales for fiscal '22? 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We don't disclose by product, by company or by customer. We have been saying from the 
beginning that custom synthesis, generic, a ratio of anywhere from 40%, 60% or 60%, 40%, 
which keeps changing by quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year. 40:60, 60:40, generic and custom 
synthesis. I think right now, the exports are about 90%, 94%. And it happened to be this year is 
about 60% custom synthesis and 40% generic. Again, my wishful thinking is that we maintain 
50:50. I've been saying all the time. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
I'm just referring to your fiscal '21, naproxen you've given in your annual report is 20%. I'm not 
going to push you there, but maybe we will wait for the disclosure in terms of what the largest 
product is and if it has changed this year versus last year. My second question is, if I were to use 
the disclosure of 41% generic, which includes nutraceuticals and 59% for custom for the full 
year, I'm getting pretty weak numbers for generic API. This is excluding nutraceuticals for the 
fourth quarter, like a 25% decline. Maybe some of the numbers are rounded and I appreciate 
that. But just the decline in the generic API piece over last year. Clearly, the ratio has moved 
from 60:40 to 40:60. I get that. But how should we look at it on the go forward? Do we now 
have either demand visibility or capacity for the new molecules, plus the '23 to '25 expiries of 
patents? How should we look at the genetic APIs, please? I'm coming from a point where people 
are worried about like many other participants, of our sustainability of the revenue momentum. 
Since we don't know what some of these products are contributing, we're trying to strip off and 
look at what is the base business, excluding, say, any onetime opportunity that may be there. So, 
that's the context. It's a long question, but I hope you can give us some clarity there. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Well, Generics, as such is under a lot of price pressures. Generic as such, the customers, because 
of the pandemic behavior, either they want adjusting time or the way they used to sell directly 
to the stores, now is going to the big guys are purchasing in mass volume at local distribution 
center. Now looking at yes, generics are going through price pressures, not volume pressure. 
The volumes are still there. We did not lose a customer. We did not lose volumes to anybody 
else. In fact, the opportunities are coming. Based on the pandemic, the therapeutic segment 
demands have changed some of them. Some of them came down, very few went up. Everybody 
is looking at just to use what is required for the pandemic and just postpone purchases of the 
generic, that is anti-inflammatory whether it’s anti-infectives or pain killers are all being delayed, 
I wouldn't say neglected, postponed, less consumed. That's where it starts at the end user. When 
it comes to the stores, it comes to the wholesaler and finally to the formulator who directly buys 
from us. So, the feeling is that once the pandemic settles, I think it will come back to normal, as 
we are seeing now. Many hospitals have started out therapeutic areas treatment, surgeries. So, I 
think it will take another 6 months to 1 year to stabilize if the pandemic doesn't change its course 
again. Now coming back to the 41/59 and generics, how Divi's is going to get benefited? Or are 
we looking at the future? If you recall our growth engines what we discussed, we have expanded 
on the existing generics. The contracts are signed and we don't see any issue with that. And then 
we have done a lot of increase in capacities for the existing generics, where we were playing 
only a 20% role. Now we have increased that by 60% to 80%, and we signed the contracts and 
they were being implemented slowly because they had earlier contracts signed. They cannot stop 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
purchasing from existing earlier supplier, whether it is China or some other suppliers, and we 
need to make sure that the switch is taking place. And also, I mentioned about sartans, sartans is 
one of the good growth engines to us where we were strong. In 1 sartan where our nitrosamine 
impurities are excellent compared to several other companies which had to close down. Now we 
have created capacity for the sartans. At least 3 sartans, the validations are going on, and we are 
geared up to take the volumes in the coming years. Then I mentioned about contrast media. This 
is another growth engine. This contrast media now is a very, very important situation because 
there are not many people, there are only 2 in the world other than Divi's. And Iodine what used 
to be $20, $25 is now $65 to $70. So, how efficiently you can consume iodine, how you can 
recover recycle with minimum loss is important, where we are excellent, that's the winning 
situation where we can get as much business as possible in the Contrast Media. And I think you 
will see in the next 2, 3 years a good improvement in Contrast Media with good numbers. We 
also mentioned as one of the growth engines that 2 large custom synthesis projects, they are 
progressing well. Qualification quantity is already supplied. Commercial quantity will be 
starting in the next 1, 2 years. Again, these are all long-term projects. They are not disappearing 
molecules. These are growing molecules. The future generics where I said between '23 and '25 
going out of patent and $20 billion. Again, we have the capacity, products are developed, 
samples are supplied from the pilot plant and validations under progress. And as and when patent 
expired, we are ready to supply. So, we don't see any reason that we will be having issues in the 
generics. Yes, the custom synthesis opportunities, where we were in a unique situation in the 
anti-COVID drugs or others gave us a boost. But that doesn't mean that we are not doing well in 
the generics, yes, generics are in price pressures, and I think we will come out in the next few 
months to a year. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Maybe last question. I'll keep it very brief. If I were to look at when any company does, like a 
big pharma does an expedited CAPEX with you or announces it, let's take the case of Merck, 
where you did a Rs. 400 crore CAPEX, I think a year before. Once this opportunity goes away, 
how should we look at the turns on that CAPEX? You said in the opening remarks about 
multipurpose. Should that be how we should look at it? Or do you think that is dedicated and 
once that opportunity goes away that CAPEX is not productive? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Good question. We never build plants or blocks dedicated to a product. We build always 
multipurpose blocks. If the customer wants it, we can use that block only to make his product. 
But if customers says he wants only now instead of 1,000 tons, 500 tons, we can use the 
remaining 50% of the time to make any other products either generic or for any other custom 
synthesis project. If in case I want only 30%, 300 tons, we can use it for the next 6, 7 or 8 months 
for any other product because all these equipments are multipurpose and can be switched within 
a matter of 30 to 45 days. The question is regulatory bodies. What time it takes for the regulators 
to get an approval for an additional molecule? That’s the only one. Whereas, we can switch and 
manufacture any other product. But one thing I wanted to say is any product; they won't die. 
What will happen is instead of 100%, maybe they'll stay at 70%, 60%, 40%, that is our 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
experience. And what seems to be less active or more active may become more active and less 
active. So, the molecules behave differently while the pandemic is bringing its variations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Cyndrella from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Dr. Divi, if we look at our inventory number at Rs. 2,800 crore for the full year, should this be 
considered as a visibility for next year growth? Or is there any raw material inventory built into 
it? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Could you please repeat the question again? 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
So, Rs. 2,800 crore number, if we look at the inventory number, should we consider this as a 
visibility for our growth in FY23? Or is there any inventory like risk that we should consider 
when you're looking at this number? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
No, the inventory is related to the actual products we are manufacturing and there is no risk to 
the inventory account. The reason probably the inventory looks whether it is average or medium 
or high besides the management takes decisions to stock enough product where we may have 
problems, either with solvents or catalysts or some of the raw materials. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, if we look at the overall scenario on the supply situation on the entire logistical situation, do 
you think FY22 would have some of the impact and if we can quantify the same? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I think it would have a similar impact as what it was last year, considering we have some other 
additional factors that are hitting the market. It could be the port situation that's happening 
currently even with the Colombo port, along with the Shanghai port, or it could be the war that's 
happening where the effect is seen slightly in Europe. So, it is very difficult to quantify at this 
point of time considering where the things are going to head and how they're going to mould 
into. But also, we need to see how the pandemic is going to play because we're again listening 
to cases where it's increasing across the country and other nations. So, it's quite difficult to 
quantify. But yes, we would be slightly conservative, and we would think that we need to operate 
with stringent practices as we did this previous financial year. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Nilima, any risk to the 45% EBITDA margin level that you envisage in the future? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Pardon me. Can you repeat that? 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Any risk to the EBITDA margin of 44% that you envisage in the future? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We don't see any risks on the EBITDA. I think this is where I always say, bottom line, that's 
where we concentrate, not on the top line. The top line automatically happens as we introduce 
new products, new generics and new custom synthesis opportunities. The bottom line depends 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
on our efficiency and productivity, because of our process development work. And it varies but 
we try to maintain at that what you said, 40%. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Dr. Divi, if I may, the last one. We've been talking about immense opportunity for our custom 
synthesis business. There are a lot of products as per your commentary on the generics side of 
the business which we’ll commercialize. So, is there any visibility that you can provide? I know 
I might be asking this question again. But any kind of a broad number that if we will be able to 
at least maintain the FY22 number and grow over it at the top line. If any sense that you could 
help us would be very helpful. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
No. As I mentioned that we are in a peculiar situation. I used to project very well year-on-year. 
But I think with the current situation in the business, we would like to make sure that it’s better 
not to project, at least and wait and watch the pandemic situation, the war situation, the port 
condition situation and also the various molecules coming out of their patent situation, I think I 
would rather not project. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alankar from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, my question is on the Contrast Media segment. It's a pretty consolidated segment with high 
entry barriers. And you just now alluded to your cost competitiveness given higher iodine 
recovery. And you have, I think, alluded to that in the past as well. Can you elaborate on how 
has been the early progress in gaining market share in this highly competitive or rather pretty 
consolidated Contrast Media segment? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The Contrast Media segment is growing at the rate of 15%, 20% year-on-year. And you're talking 
about if there's 4,000 tons Iopamidol at 20%, you need another 800 tons of Iopamidol. And 
companies are not geared up to expand immediately to that kind of volume in these unpredicted 
times. Yes, there are only 2 or 3 big players in this Contrast Media. But the opportunity is very 
high. Entry is difficult, we already entered. And we are seeing more and more when iodine was 
$15 or $12, people did not mind without investing into heavy recoveries, the Contrast Media. 
Finally, when it goes as injectable to the end user, the contribution was very less. Today, the 
iodine is $65 to $70 a kilograms, I think people need to make sure that they are conserved and 
recycled, recovered to the best. So, this is where we are good at. We have already installed plants 
to recover in doing it and we're doing it. So, we are seeing good growth in this business. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, just one follow-up on this because most of the key players in the market right now also 
control the end consumer channel. I mean they also are present on the devices front. So, to that 
extent, is that an additional entry barrier for someone like us who is not present into devices? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
You also want to see the growth of it in every market. The people whom you are referring to, 
probably they are linking it to the equipment supplier. And the same thing is being generalized 
because people are looking at price pressure. They are putting price pressure on the existing 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
suppliers. And they finally understood that unless you bring down the price to x we will not be 
able to sharpen the pencil what we should be charging to the patient, it’s coming to that. That 
the Contrast Media plus whatever is the imaging cost of the equipment in the hospital, the total 
package is to x, x number of rupees or x number of dollars. That is fixed. So, if the Contrast 
Media price goes up, they cannot afford that. This is where the generic player now is having a 
role or requirement, and we are seeing the encouragement from the wholesalers and whoever all 
the companies that are coming to play the generic role. 
Alankar Garude: 
And just a quick second question. Any possibility of getting into biologics anytime in the near 
future? Or you would be ruling out that possibility altogether? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think we mentioned again and again, we are not averse to biologics. We looked at it long time 
ago. But we have looked at peptides. We are very strong in the peptide building block. We 
looked at oligo nucleotides. We made all the building blocks or even the sugar molecules. But 
we were not in the monoclonal antibodies and we were not looking at that as an opportunity 
now; because there are good opportunities with the volumes we have built, with the multipurpose 
equipment we created, I think there is still enough opportunities in our field. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Damayanti from HSBC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sir, my question is on generic pricing challenges you mentioned for your customers. So, in 
current inflationary environment where, on one hand, we are seeing higher raw material prices. 
And at the same time, your customers are also getting squeezed on prices. So, as an API supplier, 
do you have any scope to pass on cost of higher raw material prices to your customers? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Yes. In the long-term contracts, what we have or even generic customers, there is an in-built 
mechanism for the compensation. But of course, there is also 10%, 15%, 20% business. They 
just would like to see whatever is the best price they can get if they switch. So, yes, there is 
competition and there will be price pressures. But again, they are short lived. Tomorrow when 
the raw material price goes up in 10%, they’ll be out of business. Whereas people know that 
whoever wants to be in the dosage forms, they want an assured supplier, reliable supplier 
shipping on time. This is where we have a lot of capability in the products that we play. So, yes, 
we are seeing price pressures because of, as Nilima mentioned on the transportation costs, energy 
costs, port congestion, the containers not being available, and all this is one thing. Second thing, 
what is the demand by the end user, that’s the patient? So, with the pandemic we have seen in 
the last 2, 3 years, that certain therapeutic segments, they did suffer. People did not use pain 
killers. People did not use ‘not life-threatening’ therapies. People spend money on what is 
required to go through the pandemic. But now we are seeing again, lifestyle medicines demand 
going up. So, I think it will be positive in the next 1, 2 years, it should be in line. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
 And sir, my second question is you mentioned most of the capacity or all of the capacity which 
you've built is multipurpose and then the products which we generally target have long shelf life, 

 
Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
maybe the COVID-related products might be exception. But just a clarity, are you still supplying 
Molnupiravir API or Paxlovid API or these have dried up? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
First of all, we are bound by confidentiality agreements, both by the big Pharma. Neither we can 
talk about the volumes nor talk about the product. This product has so happened, the innovator 
announced are the 2 products in the anti COVID, they announced that Divi’s is going to be one 
of the supplier. We will supply as long as they need, yes. We will manufacture as long as they 
need the anti-COVID products. I think I mentioned that it will never become 0. There will be 
manufacturing and there will be supplies.  is it going to be a 20% or is it 100% or 10%. But you 
are right, what I said was that the equipment where we made these anti-COVID drugs or where 
we are making the anti-COVID drugs even now or produced in multipurpose equipment. And if 
the campaign doesn't need any more for 3 months, 6 months, we will immediately switch to 
another product either for the big pharma or for our own generics. Equipment capacity will never 
be wasted. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharmil Shah from Marcellus Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Most of the questions have been answered. I just have 1 question left on the tax rate. So, if you 
see Y-o-Y, tax rate has come down to around 21 from 25 in FY '21. So, any specific reason for 
the same, sir? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
The 2 new SEZs that we have been expanding has come in operational, so the majority of the 
tax benefits that we have is from there. 
Dharmil Shah: 
This is mainly because of the incremental sales from the 2 new SEZ limits? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish Choudhury for closing comments. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call of Divi's Laboratories Limited. In case 
you need any further clarification, please reach out to our Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of the Divi's Laboratories Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
