 
 
 
 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earning Conference Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated May 17, 2022, intimating scheduling of the Earnings Conference Call on May 
23, 2022 to discuss the Company’s Q4 FY22 Earnings, we are forwarding herewith the transcript of the said 
Conference Call. The said Transcript is also available on the Company’s website on the URL: https://s3.ap-
south-1.amazonaws.com/cgcorpweb1.capriglobal.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/26182725/CGCL-
Q4FY22-Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf 
 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited  
 
 
 
Yashesh Bhatt 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 20491 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
PRIGLOBAL 
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Registered Office: 
CIN: L65921 MH1994PLC173469 Regd. Off: 502, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013. 
\. +9122 4088 8100/4354 8200 [':'] contact@capriglobal.in@www.capriglobal.in 
YASHESH 
PANKAJ 
BHATT
Digitally signed 
by YASHESH 
PANKAJ BHATT 
Date: 2022.05.26 
18:40:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
INR 10 Lakhs  
 
= INR 1Mn 
INR 1 Crore  
 
= INR 10Mn 
INR Rs100 Crores  
= INR 1Bn 
INR 1 Lakh Crore  
= INR 1Tn  
 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 22, 2022 
 
Management 
Mr. Rajesh Sharma  
Founder & Managing Director, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 
Mr. Ravikant Bhat 
Sr. VP - Investor Relations, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravikant Bhat from Capri 
Global Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Capri Global’s Q4 FY22 Results Call. 
Before we begin with the opening comments by the MD, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, I 
will read out a brief disclaimer. ‘Certain statements in the call would contain 
words or phrases that are forward-looking statements and all these forward-
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could 
actual results to defer materially from those contemplated by the forward looking 
statement. Any opinion, estimate or projection herein constitutes the judgment 
as of the date of this call and therefore there can be no assurance that future 
results or events will be consistent with any such opinion, estimate or projection. 
The full disclaimer can be accessed on the slide of our Q4 FY22 investor deck.’ 
With that I now hand over the call to our MD, Mr. Rajesh Sharma to present his 
opening comments. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good afternoon friends and hearty welcome to Capri Global’s Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Call. It is a pleasure to once again discuss our quarterly earnings performance 
with you all. We announced our audited consolidated results for Q4 and FY22 on 
Saturday May 22, 2022. I hope you had an opportunity to go through our 
investor deck. In my opening comments, I shall focus on three aspects: a) 
business and earning performance, b) asset quality and credit cost, and c) our 
growth guidance. 
 
During Q4 FY22 the operating environment was largely smooth with hardly any 
disruption during the short lived third COVID-19 wave. On business side, we 
delivered a 37% year-on-year growth in AUM including the Rs1.2 billion we 
booked under co-lending mechanism, which is a new initiative for us. This 
compares with our 20% year-on-year target we thought we would deliver in FY22 
while maintaining a 22% to 27% medium term CAGR target. Clearly the 
performance has been much above our guided path. Performance across all 
verticals was strong including in construction finance where we consciously peg 
growth to the retail AUM performance to keep its share under 20% of 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 12 
consolidated AUM. The co-lending mechanism was activated for MSME. We 
achieved Rs1.15 billion AUM under this mechanism, the first full quarter of 
operations. Although we are not sharing an explicit target yet for this AUM it will 
be fair to consider Rs1 billion to Rs1.5 billion as base quarterly momentum for 
the MSME product under core lending. Core lending for affordable housing has 
been activated in Q1 FY23 for which we tied up with the State Bank of India in 
March 2022. We are gearing up for the formal launch of 20 gold loan branches in 
June. I had shared in the Q3 FY22 earnings call we have some ambitious plan 
here with AUM target of Rs80 billion and an exclusive network of 1,500 branches 
in the five years to 2028. We aim to open 100 gold loan branches in H1 FY23. 
The top and middle rank leadership has already been on boarded. The lower 
level recruitments are on fast track. 
 
Though the disbursals growth for Q4 FY22 appears a bit tepid at 12% year-on-
year, it should be noted that Q4 FY21 disbursals were also an outcome of pent-
up demand following normalization post second lock down. In fact, we did 68% 
of FY21 disbursals in Q4 FY21 alone. Hence a better comparison would be the 
full year disbursal performance which was Rs28.4 billion over Rs15 billion in 
FY21. This signifies a 90% year-on-year growth. 
 
Our car loan distribution business had the first full year of operation. The vertical 
originated Rs17.4 billion in new car loan origination for our partner banks. The 
business performance progressively improved during the year peaking at Rs7.8 
billion on Q4 FY22. We are confident of doing upwards of Rs30 billion in car loan 
origination in FY23. The vertical contributed Rs467 million in gross fee income. It 
has been profitable since Q3 FY22. 
 
I shall now briefly comment on earnings. Our spreads and NIMs after showing 
resilience and expansion in nine months FY22 exhibited weakness in Q4 FY22. 
This is after adjusting for some one-off effect. The chart on Slide 14 is self-
explanatory. We had held back rate increases. But after the emphatic RBI rate 
action earlier this month and quick general acceptance of a tighter rate scenario, 
we are in the process of resetting yields on all the loans where such resets are 
due or overdue. This is a meaningful portfolio that can be repriced in both 
Affordable Housing and MSME segment. We expect to stabilize and effect trend 
reversal on NIMs going ahead. We have already made the beginning in 
affordable housing loan where incremental yields were better in Q4 FY22. Please 
refer to Slide 13 in this regard. Our expansion both people and network is 
reflected in the inflated operating cost as well as the bumped up cost ratios as 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 12 
illustrated in Slide 15. We have had the strongest expansion since FY19, some of 
it front loaded. 
 
Slide 29 shows our head count increase which is up by 1.7 times year-on-year 
basis. We also added 32 branches during the year. Our business model places 
network and people in the centre of growth plan and is essential for our 
business. To that extent we shall stay course on expansion. We are confident 
some of the course correction our earnings that I discussed earlier shall 
eventually nudge our cost ratios lower.  
 
On asset quality I would say we are satisfied overall although the quarter may be 
somewhat forgettable, showing elevated credit costs. In absolute terms, our 
Stage-3 assets have shown a decline. Collection efficiency especially in MSME, 
which was lagging, has caught up strongly to touch 100%. Other parameters like 
CBR are exhibiting improvement and our closer to pre pandemic level. 
Qualitatively we can say we are more optimistic about asset quality turning out 
better than the year before. The write-off too has been higher than in any year 
after FY16. In other words, elevated write-offs are that much rare for us. 
Cumulatively. we wrote off Rs413 million in FY22, of which, 25% was in 
Construction Finance. It was purely technical in nature and shall be fully 
recovered. The rest in retail portfolio had a sticky element and has been but 
prudently written off. Despite the spreads and cost moving adversely, we have 
delivered a good performance at operating profit level which increased 84% 
year-on-year in Q4 FY22 and 20% year-on-year in FY22. Our net profit registered 
a 54% year-on-year growth in Q4 FY22 and healthy 16% year-on-year growth in 
FY23. 
 
Finally on the outlook, I would consider optimism on the growth a given. We 
have much going for us - a strong retail sales team that can deliver both on and 
off-balance growth and healthy appetite on wholesale lending. We consider 25% 
year-on-year AUM growth achievable in FY23. On earnings, we expect to report 
a much better performance when compared to Q4 FY22. In other words, Q4 
FY22 could be a considered a bottoming out level for our earnings. Certain line 
items like credit cost for were one-offs, so there was no sustained trend over 
there. Such items will simply reverse to a better level going ahead. Fee 
contribution from the car loan distribution business is yet to achieve maturity and 
hence shall be a growth contributor to the net income. So overall, our earnings 
should exhibit a healthy growth trend. With that, I conclude my opening remarks. 
We shall now take questions. Thank you. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Our first question is from the line of Ashwin Agrawal from Akash 
Ganga Investments Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Agrawal: 
Sir first of all, congratulations for a good set of results. So, my question was that 
due to rising interest rates how do you see the borrowing cost moving forward as 
the interest rates are going to rise further and how should the same be passed 
on to the borrowers? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So a majority of the portfolio under MSME and Affordable Housing is semi-fixed 
level and there, it is possible to pass on the hike to the customers. Our customers 
are from low-income proof category - the smaller customers - they care more for 
the availability of funds than the cost of funds. So passing on 30 to 40 basis 
points to the customer will not be difficult. So, I think that cost of fund - whatever 
the increases - we are going to have our ALCO meeting during the month end. 
By this time we will be able to consider the effect of all the banks and determine 
our hike* and on the basis of formula which has been given by the RBI, will pass 
on the entire cost to the customers. 
 
(*increase in CGCL’s Cost of Funds)  
Ashwin Agrawal: 
So the spreads would be largely be maintained in 6.3% to 6.5% kind of range 
only? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Ashwin Agrawal: 
Okay so that range? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We will be able to maintain the spreads. 
Ashwin Agrawal: 
And my next question was that when we see our growth targets, our major 
contributors are going to come from the gold and MSMEs. How do you see the 
MSME sector like shaping up in terms of growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So MSME segment is going to be a key contributor for us. I think going forward 
on a consolidated basis, MSME segment will continue to remain the biggest 
contributor. Currently the AUM is about 50% and with the gold loan inclusive it 
may come down to about 35%, but still, it is going to be the majority of it. 
Ashwin Agrawal: 
Thank you Sir. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the cost-to-income ratio 
which has been slightly inching upwards. Is it attributed majorly to branch 
expansion and what sort of guidance do we have here for FY23 given that we will 
continue to add new branches? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, I would like to say that our cost-to-income ratio also comprises the cost of car 
loans segment where we have almost 400 employees. In the current context, 
Cost/Average AUM would be a more robust way of tracking our cost efficiency. 
Please note our employee and non-employee operating expenses now include 
the opex incurred on our Car Loan Distribution team, which is almost 1/6th of our 
headcount and on our payrolls. The AUM this team creates is a one-time fee 
generating AUM and not a spread generating AUM that sits on our balance 
sheet. While looking at the quarterly Cost / Average AUM ratio, one should 
include the car loan AUM in denominator. This would deflate the Cost / Average 
AUM ratio by 50 to 60 basis points. So, if you look at our Opex / Average AUM 
ratio, it will decline by 50 to 60 basis points that way. I think while we have given 
a 40% cost to income ratio guidance in FY22, I think we should be able to keep 
our cost to income ratio in the range of about 40%. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay and my second question is that could you please talk a bit on the housing 
finance business like have the things improved and how have they increased and 
anything on how we see that on the business environment front? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If you look at our housing business AUM, it has grown almost 51% during this 
year. We have already increased about 32 branches during the year. Our 
expansion is continuing and funds in the housing finance company are available 
from NHB. It is about 4%. So, there is a big cushion available in the margins 
because of the low cost fund availability from the NHB. And demand is there. We 
see on the ground the business is growing well. Next year also we will continue 
with the case of 30% plus onwards in this segment. So, because of low cost 
funds, because of the demand, and because of increase in the branch, I think 
growth will be there and margins will be better. 
Naman Bhansali: 
That helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amrish Kumar from Geosphere 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Amrish Kumar: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask you something on your gold 
loan business. In the past you have explained that this is a very good opportunity 
and this is a very good business. You get high single digits to double digits 
margins, then there is hardly any cost of delinquency. So, this is indeed a good 
business. But in the past, can you can explain why there have been such only few 
players in this business? I will give you another observation of mine. The State 
Bank of India which increased its gold loan business by about 5x in the last two to 
three years has also gone slow. The last two to three quarters, I am not seeing its 
AUM growing that fast. So can you explain what is stopping everyone else to 
come into this? Just your observation? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So gold loan business requires a deep penetration and large number of 
branches. It is a very high operating cost business in the segment where NBFCs 
operate. The customers of the banks are different and NBFC customers are 
entirely different. Banks would lend at about 9% rate of interest whereas the 
NBFCs do lend in the range of about 15% to 20%. So, there is a distinctly 
different customer segment. To operate in the gold loan segment is a high opex 
business as I said, and it requires a large branch network. If you see our plan, we 
are also planning to open 1,500 branches. You have to deeply penetrate, your 
branches have to be at the ground floor level where the rentals are high, you 
have to put up the strong room, take the insurance, keep a well-trained gold 
valuer, and then do the business. So, it is a business which requires a particular 
size. Without that this business will not be able to be profitable. Hence any NBFC 
will either plan for a deep branch network – 1,000 plus or it will not turn out to be 
profitable and this could be one deterrent. Barring that, I think there is a good 
appetite more in the North and West. South is already well covered by Muthoot, 
Manappuram and other players but North and West still has a lot of scope. If you 
see other competition in the gold loan, 80% of their newer expansion is 
happening in the North and West. We had engaged the Boston Consulting 
Group and a couple of credit bureaus to get the data and I think this business still 
has a lot of scope. And what we are talking is only creating a book in the next five 
years of Rs8,000 Crores which in the Indian context and looking at the overall 
size of Rs3 Lakh Crores, is still very small. So, while in the overall context it is 
doable, it is going to be profitable for us and it will give us a cross sell 
opportunity. Now our customer segment is the same. The kind of customer we 
deal in MSME are same, housing finance is the same and the same customer will 
be in the gold loan. So, this is also going to help in the cross-sell as well. 
Amrish Kumar: 
So, my question on this will be if banks are giving gold loan at 9% to 10% and 
NBFC like you giving gold loan at 15% to 16% and I understand that banks have 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 12 
higher cost of operations and all. So, do you think that 10% them giving their 
ROA in this business or ROE in this business would be similar to us? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I have not tracked what the bank ROAs are in this business. But I would say the 
banks deal with customers who are their existing customers, whose data is 
available with them whereas we have to just see the value of their gold, take their 
KYC, and give the money. The same is finished in 10 minutes whereas the banks 
take much longer time. So, the customer segment is different. Now what will be 
the banks’ ROAs on this, I have not really tracked. 
Amrish Kumar: 
Sir the second question is on your asset quality. In the last quarter did it vary from 
what you had expected at the beginning of the quarter or was it in-line with your 
expectations and what do you expect now for the next quarter or two where your 
asset quality would be in terms of new stress formation? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, in the last quarter we have seen the collection trend of one particular 
segment of the customer and based on the feedback by our collection team and 
their track record, we have chosen to write-off those accounts where we 
estimated that money is not going to come and it is better to clean up rather than 
continuing with those accounts. While technically the collection is for reporting 
to CIBIL and recovery efforts by Section 113, other measures will continue. But as 
a prudent measure to clean up the balance sheet of such accounts, we have 
decided to write-off those accounts. And if you see our write-off, which on a 
consolidated level is about Rs22 Crores* that we have done. Similarly, we have 
also taken additional provisions that has resulted in a higher PCR and 
strengthened the balance sheet. Going forward, this is a one-off. This is not 
going to be repeated and we feel in the coming year, our delinquencies will be 
lower, our GNPA level will be lower. If you see the delinquencies trend, it is 
healthy. Our GNPA has come down, Net NPA has come down. GNPA has come 
down when compared to 2.99% in Q2, it has come down to 2.40% at a 
consolidated level. If you talk about housing finance company, it has come down 
to 1.5% and if you talk about CGCL** where the GNPA has come from 3.5% to 
2.7%. So there, drastically GNPA has come down. Our collection efficiency as I 
said is nearly at pre-COVID level and in housing finance segment, it has almost 
crossed about 99%. So, collection efficiency is good and major write-off has 
taken place. In the future, we do not see any trend coming up which will give us 
surprises. 
 
(* for Q4FY22, **CGCL Standalone) 
Amrish Kumar: 
Got it. So I assume that this was your clean up quarter…the last quarter? 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Amrish Kumar: 
My last question would be Sir on the progress of your co-lending business with 
SBI. I assume this is a very exciting and a very big opportunity for you. So can you 
just expand a little bit more on this? Where have we reached in the last one 
quarter and where we are right now and where are you seeing this going forward 
in the next few quarters? Any guidance or any kind of color would be very good 
for us. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Currently co-lending is still happening manually because all PSU banks follow a 
very strong system of technology and firewall. They have given to some vendor 
where technology module will be developed where we will put up the file in our 
system and that through some intervening system will go and sit in their system. 
They will then approve or decline based on their underwriting parameters and 
that will happen online. Currently all is happening manually. With that also we 
were able to achieve in the last quarter Rs1.15 billion in co-lending. And with this 
pace, we are hopeful to do about Rs6 billion co-lending in the next year 
minimum. I think this is a very conservative target. Hoping that the latest 
technology platform will be built in the next three to four months then only this 
will take off. Here the advantage is 80% money is going to be given by the banks 
and 20% is by us and that 20% also indirectly we will get funding. So, our ability 
to leverage will become almost 25 times and this can be a real game changer. 
Another aspect over here is every year we see about 10% to 12% of foreclosures. 
And those customers go to lower rate of interest for other NBFCs or preferably 
with the banks. Those customers are our best or cream portfolio. With co-
lending, we will be able to hold those customers with us rather than they leaving 
us and that will bring a big change in our foreclosure trend. If you look at the last 
year, almost Rs600 Crores plus amount of customers we lost under foreclosure. 
Their income has gone for the subsequent years and if you are able to retain 
even 60% to 70% of that in the co-lending, this is going to make our profitability 
better. So, under the co-lending arrangement, any customer coming for 
foreclosure, we can reduce the rate and shift to co-lending. Because in housing 
finance, our co-lending tie up is at about 6.8% and our MSME co-lending tie up is 
about 8.5%. So, customer will not be given a loan at 14% because after 12 
months record or some other progress some bank or some NBFC or rather bank 
is willing to give a low rate at 11% or 10.5% or 10%. Under the co-lending we will 
be to retain him by offering the lower rate of interest and by this a major chunk of 
the customer and best of the customer who leave us we will be able to retain and 
it is going to significantly change our income. Those customers we can do cross 
sell also later. So I think co-lending is going to be a big game changer for us and 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 12 
we are hoping that technology will be built very soon. The banks have already 
given that mandate through their open tender system and whatever mechanism 
is and we hope that next three to four months that should be in place. But 
without that also we on a conservative basis will be able to achieve about Rs600 
Crores under the co-lending. 
Amrish Kumar: 
Got it Sir. That is very helpful. Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dr. Ajit Kaushal an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
This is Dr. Ajit Kaushal. I am a Professor of Law. First of all I would like to 
congratulate you for a very good result once again and under your leadership 
the company is doing well. I would like to ask the question which really concerns 
me as a shareholder. You are already a Managing Director and now you are 
Chief Financial Officer of the company as well. So, what message would you like 
to give by making such kind of changes? Do you foresee to a plan hire another 
CFO in the near future who could work full time in the company? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, CFO is the KMP position which cannot be kept vacant for more than six 
months and that is the reason to fill that the Board has given the additional 
charge to me especially as it cannot be kept open for more than six months. 
While we were looking out for a CFO, we had finalized somebody but because of 
some reason he could not join us and that has delayed the process. So, the 
search is on. We hope that in the next two to three months we should be able to 
onboard the CFO. We have already given that mandate to a large search firm so 
it should be filled very soon. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Sir we have a firm belief in your leadership and I am sure that Capri Global is 
going to set a very good example as far as the corporate governance is 
concerned. My second question is Sir, Deloitte was our auditor and now in place 
of Deloitte another auditor has come. Deloitte has very good reputation in the 
market. May I know as a shareholder what would be the frame of mind and what 
would be the circumstances under which the key auditors have changed? What 
may be the reason behind it? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Last year, the Reserve Bank of India had come out with a circular stating that any 
auditor who is continuing in any NBFC cannot keep more than eight number of 
audits. Deloitte was with us in the fourth year and they had to limit that under the 
circular. So we had to choose another auditor. The current auditor MM Nissim & 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Co has been selected very carefully after talking to many. MM Nissim & Co also 
happened to be the auditor of HDFC Bank, Kotak Prime and many other reputed 
large corporates. So based on their strength we selected them. And I think they 
are equally good as compared to Deloitte. It is a very high quality audit firm. 
Deloitte had to go because of the limitation RBI put on them, not that we asked 
them to go. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Thank you so much for your answer. It is really helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vineet Agarwal from Edelweiss 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers Just one question - how much of your 
restructured books are still under moratorium and what is the collection 
efficiency under the restructured books? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
As far as our NBFC is concerned, we have about 3.3% book still under the 
restructuring and in NBFC the moratorium period is over. However, in housing 
finance, it is still continuing. So, moratorium on about Rs13.14 Crores portfolio in 
housing finance is still continuing. 
Vineet Agarwal: 
And how is the collection efficiency in restructured books? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Restructured book collection efficiency is slightly lower than the normal pool. It is 
about 80%. But collection efforts are all going on and all these are secured. So, 
the moment money does not come they fall in the NPA category and there we 
are able to initiate this SARFAESI action and start the recoveries. So, anything 
which goes into SARFAESI, we are able to recover the amount within nine 
months’ time. So I do not think there is any major concern on that side. The 
amount is also small and the moment it becomes NPA, it entitles us to take over 
their secured assets under SARFAESI and recover the amount. 
Vineet Agarwal: 
Thank you Sir. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing remarks. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you all for joining the call. As I said we will continue to grow in the path of 
the stated strategy of lending in the secured segment where banks are not 
catering and serving to those customers be it MSME, be it affordable housing 
and now be it the gold loan. So same kind of customer in the common 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
May 23, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 12 
geography we will continue to operate and I think it is a business which requires 
the ground / local understanding, has entry barriers. Having been in these 
businesses for more than about nine years, we are quite confident to grow about 
25% for the next four to five years. As a promoter, we are committed to infuse 
more money as and when needed by the way of rights issue or any other mode. 
We are committed to this business and we see there is a golden opportunity 
because of co-lending where our ROE will be better because once this co-
lending takes off, we won’t not require much of capital and this can be a 
complete change in the business. In our new car loan origination business, we do 
not require any capital but use our banking relationship leverage and our branch 
network leverage. Next year, we will continue to do about Rs3,000 Crores of 
average new car loan origination. That means almost Rs75 Crores worth of fee 
income we will be able to generate and it will be a very good profitability 
contributor. So collectively, looking at co-lending profit and looking at the profit 
from the new car loan vertical, it should improve our profitability although on the 
gold loan branches next year we will be spending money and gold loan 
branches will take about 15 to 18 months to deliver profit. They will remain under 
initially the process of setup and removing some of the losses. But from 18th 
month onwards they will become profitable. But the profit generated from car 
loan, co-lending, and then the high AUM growth I think should be able to take 
care of it. So overall we are quite optimistic for the next year with all these 
positive developments. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
