 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 80 69134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
 
Date: May 25, 2022 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Q4 FY22 Earnings Call held on May 18, 2022 
In continuation to our intimation dated May 17, 2022 & May 18, 2022 and pursuant to 
provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, we hereby enclose herewith the transcript 
of Earnings Call held on May 18, 2022 at 4:00 PM (IST), post announcement of financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022. The audio 
recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript have been uploaded on the Company’s 
website at www.barbequenation.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
M. No.: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q4 FY2022 
 
May 18, 2022 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani - Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal - Chief Executive Officer  
Amit Betala - Chief Financial Officer  
 
Moderator: 
 
Ashish Kanodia – Ambit Capital 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Barbeque Nation Hospitality Limited 
4Q FY2022 conference call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce the management for today. We 
have with us Mr. Kayum Dhanani, Managing Director, Mr. Rahul Agrawal, CEO and 
Whole Time Director, Mr. Amit Betala, Chief Financial Officer. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you very much. A very good evening ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in 
welcoming you to 4Q FY2022 conference call of Barbeque Nation. We are happy to 
announce yet another remarkable quarterly operating performance at Barbeque Nation. The 
quarter started with a strong Omicron wave leading to dine-in operation restrictions, 
however recovery post the third wave was equally steep, leading to a strong revenue growth 
during the quarter. For the last two-and-a-half years the business has effectively sailed 
through three COVID waves led by strong resilience of the brand and the team. We have 
seen diminishing impact of these waves in our business. Despite the third wave the 
company reported a Q4 Y-o-Y revenue growth of 11% and an SSSG of 5.5%, and EBITDA 
margin of 20.1%. Even though FY2022 was impacted by two COVID waves, the company 
has crossed pre-COVID FY2020 revenues, with Y-o-Y revenue growth of 70% and SSSG 
of 64.7% and an EBITDA margin of 18.6%. The business has structurally become more 
robust led by a young and professional management team, a strong balance sheet, 
diversified revenue streams and profitable presence across multiple geographies and brands. 
The company has a proven track record of diversified growth engines like UBQ, Toscano 
and Barbeque International. We have continued our growth in store count and added 12 new 
restaurants during the quarter, taking the overall store count to 185 restaurants. We have 
also upgraded our restaurant designs with newer look and feel, thereby further enhancing 
guest experience. With this momentum, we are confident of growing our restaurant strength 
by 35 to 40 restaurants in FY2023. Over the medium term, we plan to take our network to 
300 restaurants by FY2025. While COVID related worry seems to be subsiding as of now, 
the current operating environment has been challenged by multi-year high inflations. While 
the input cost inflation has been significantly higher, the impact on our gross margins was 
limited due to improved operational efficiency. We will continue to take required measures 
to maintain our gross margins and profitability. 
With this I will now hand it over to Rahul to take you through the performance of the 
company during the quarter. Thank you. 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you Kayum. Good evening, everyone. I hope you and your loved ones are safe and 
healthy. We took the impact of two COVID waves in FY2022 despite which the recovery 
has been strong. In FY2022, we recorded 70% growth in revenue and 73% growth in 
EBITDA. Our delivery business has grown by 157% over FY2021 and dine-in business 
has grown by 54% over FY2021. Notwithstanding the impact of third COVID wave 
during the initial period of the quarter, the recovery in the second half of the quarter was 
quick and steep. 
Our operating revenues for Q4 FY2022 were Rs.251 Crores as compared to Rs.226 
Crores in Q4 FY2021, thereby registering a growth of 11% over the previous year. The 
reported SSSG was of 5.5% in the quarter and approximately 65% for the full year 
FY2022. During Q4 FY2022, our dine-in business has grown by 4% on Y-o-Y basis. 
Dine-in business was impacted in first half of the quarter by the Omicron wave but 
recovered well during the second half of the quarter, which led to a Y-o-Y growth of 32% 
in the month of March 2022 versus March 2021. The share of delivery revenues to total 
revenues increased to 18% as against 13% in Q4 FY2021. The delivery business has 
stabilized well and we have not seen any noticeable cannibalization despite ramp up of 
the dine-in business. Our restaurant network expansion has ramped up during the quarter 
with 12 new stores opening in Q4, taking the overall store count to 185 as on March 
2022. We further added three new stores in April 2022 and have a robust under 
construction pipeline of 14 restaurants and an equally strong pipeline of work-in-progress 
stores. Our reported EBITDA was Rs. 50.4 Crores in Q4 FY2022 versus Rs. 56.1 Crores 
in Q4 FY2021. Without the impact of Ind AS 116, the Q4 FY2022 EBITDA was Rs. 22.8 
Crores which is 9.1% EBITDA margin as against Rs. 31.3 Crores which is 13.8% 
EBITDA margin in Q4 FY2021. The reduction in the EBITDA margins during the 
quarter were predominantly due to the impact of COVID wave 3 and inflationary 
pressures on input cost. With strong recovery in the business in the month of March 
2022, the EBITDA margins have also recovered to normalized levels. 
With this will now open the floor for interactive Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi Sir, first question on capex. In your cash flow, the capex is about Rs.93 Crores. If I 
adjust for the capex on the cloud kitchens, which might be about Rs.3 Crores to Rs.4 Crores 
and increase in the capital work-in-progress which is another Rs.15 Crores, we should see a 
capex of about Rs. 75 Crores approximately adjusted for this and on the basis of 21-22 
restaurants that we have added on a net basis, that works out to close to about Rs. 3.5 
Crores per restaurant capex. Our understanding was that this number would be in the region 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
of Rs. 2.7 crores or Rs. 2.8 crores. So can you just explain what is the reason for the higher 
capex per store? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, Percy. So the numbers that you mentioned are correct. So Rs. 93 crores from the cash 
flow statement, Rs. 15 Crores from capital work-in-progress - that makes around Rs. 75 
Crores as the capex incurred during the year. On these Rs. 75 Crores, we have around Rs. 3 
Crores for extension kitchens which leaves Rs. 72 Crores. We have another Rs. 8 to Rs. 10 
Crores on maintenance capex (which is what we normally do around Rs. 5 lakhs per 
restaurant), so that leaves around Rs. 62 Crores and we have added 21 new restaurants in 
the year and we have two closures right, so the new additions are 23. So on these 23 stores 
at Rs. 2.7 Crore per outlet we have around Rs. 62 Crores capex. So broadly Rs. 62 crores on 
new restaurants, around Rs 8 to 10 crores on maintenance capex and around Rs. 3 crores on 
extension kitchens - that makes it around Rs. 75 crores. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, despite the inflation also on the capex side, we have managed to maintain the average 
capex of Rs. 2.7 crore per outlet. 
Percy Panthaki: 
How would this trend be in FY2023 given the inflation in commodities etc., the capex per 
store? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We will try and maintain the same number. I do not think we will breach that. Yes, there 
has been inflation even on the capex side, but we have also been, very strategically, passing 
on some of the capex on the landlords and taking up the of the buildings wherein some 
scope of work is going on - so that helps us to manage this. And some more work done on 
value engineering side in terms of the project; we have some rationalization on the unit 
space at times, we are very strategically taken smaller space, not taking the entire space to 
just manage this number at Rs.2.7 crores and I do not see even with the current inflation, 
this number should not get hit. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, in terms of store openings this year we had a very back ended store opening, so do 
you think the same kind of phenomenon will repeat next year or it will be evenly based out 
across the quarters? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, it should be evenly based out. The reason for the current year back-ended is that we 
closed our fund-raise around end of last year, and then immediately after the close of 
fundraising we entered into COVID second wave - to that extent a lot of other disruptions in 
terms of how the BD team or the project team operated; should not have happened but yes it 
happened. And a typical cycle of a restaurant or a site coming inside the system to launch is 
approximately 150 days. So, even during the second quarter we were very comfortable with 
the pipeline of new stores and that is why you will see as and when they started coming on 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
board, we saw around 7 sites in Q3 and 12 sites in Q4. This quarter onwards I see a steady 
opening of around three to four sites every month. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Recently RBL bank has sold off some of the shares which was pledged, so what was the 
reason that they had to sell this off, was there any kind of default on the loan covenants or 
servicing and if so what was the reason behind the same? 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Basically RBL was part of the consortium or rather is part of the consortium of bankers, 
where in my other company, other business operations, where they had the Barbeque 
Nation shares as security and during this COVID, we have had some issues with the other 
business and whereby while the restructuring process was going on, they have taken a call, 
they have decided to offload the shares in the market and recover their part of the loan 
because their committee wanted to come out of this association. So this is what they have 
done, it was definitely not in our control and this is what has happened. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay Sir, just a lot of investors have been asking what is the sort of end game for this as far 
as resolution of the promoter debt is concerned. Would it be possible for you to share any 
kind of insight on this? 
Kayum Dhanani: 
As far as the debt is concerned, post COVID there were issues with the other businesses and 
just like Barbeque Nation, we have deleveraged ourselves in multiple ways and the 
restructuring process is also almost through with other banks and businesses improved a lot 
post COVID. I do not see any such events happening in future and I can assure you and of 
course these pledges were of course disclosed even before the IPO and there is hardly any 
pledge of shares of Barbeque Nation pending with any bank now. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right Sir that is all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Trilok from Dymon Asia. Please go 
ahead. 
Trilok: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So obviously when I look at the numbers now, we are doing 
nearly Rs.50 Crores EBITDA quarterly basis. So basis on the initial comment that you had 
about 300 stores in next three years and is my understanding correct when you said, what is 
the FY2023 addition number that you are targeting in total stores? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So we are planning to add around 35 to 40 restaurants; so we will reach anywhere between 
220 to 225 restaurants in total. 
Trilok: 
Okay, obviously the first question was, is it fair to assume that from revenue per restaurant 
perspective and the total addition, that you will end up doing the next two years, that at least 
till FY2024 we actually have a probability of saying in a normalized year let us say in 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
FY2023, at least the possibility of EBITDA doubling in two-and-a-half years from hereon 
because in assuming FY2024 there is no external disruption. Is that thought process correct 
or do you think there is something else that we are missing, some other points? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Based on our model like we have always also mentioned, we believe we should do around 
Rs. 7 Crores of revenue per outlet, with the store margin of approximately 21% and a 
corporate level EBITDA margin of approximately 15%. The numbers that you will see in 
FY2022 would have at least two occasions impacted by COVID - wave two and three, to 
that extent, there is some disruption, but otherwise in our month to month numbers that we 
see, like we also mentioned in the month of March which was a pretty normalized month 
for us, the business has pretty much performed at the same level. So our priorities today are 
to continue to expand the network in a thoughtful manner, try and maintain our rent 
percentages as a discipline we’ve maintained over the last 15 years, and keep the guest 
excitement on, so that this run rate of Rs 7 Crores should maintain right and on a 
normalized basis, we expect a SSSG of around 5%-7% on the existing portfolio. Obviously 
for FY2023 given that FY2022 numbers were slightly impacted by second and third waves, 
FY2023 strictly on the SSSG basis would be far higher.  
Trilok: 
So just to add further when you say 21%, this is pre Ind AS margins. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so all the numbers that I mentioned are pre Ind-AS. 
Trilok: 
From a delivery perspective, we had started as an experiment and now we are seeing this 
kind of numbers, Rs.45 Crores you guys did this quarter as well. So where do you see that 
settling or do you think this delivery probably will phase out once normalization returns or 
any thoughts, because this quarter also in some manner you had some benefit of wave three 
also impacting. If you can give your thoughts or color on how should we think about 
delivery revenues going forward?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
So first of all delivery was not an experiment, delivery was a very thoughtful exercise that 
we wanted to do. We actually started it in November 2018, so we ran it almost one and a 
half years pre-COVID also but the real attraction in this business came in post COVID. It 
got accelerated and also pre-COVID we did not have Barbeque-in-a-box, during COVID 
time we launched Barbeque-in-a-box which has got phenomenal response from our guests 
and that is why you see almost 7 to 8x growth in delivery over FY2020 base. It has always 
been a priority for us and as the industry delivery volumes are going up, we also benefiting 
from that, on the smaller base obviously our growth rates are far higher. So our plans on 
delivery would be to keep growing it at almost 20% CAGR over the next few years and I do 
not think it is a substitute for dine in like you see over the last four quarters, despite the fact 
that the dine in ramp up has been extremely strong, our momentum on delivery side has 
been continuing extremely well. So even if you look at as compared to previous quarter 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
which is a seasonally better quarter, our delivery revenues have been holding up pretty well. 
I do not see that that there is any risk of cannibalization from this. If at all, we would plan to 
only grow it higher. 
Trilok: 
Understood and if I may ask, there is a lot of inflation that we have seen across food items 
and you would also be facing, it is across other items apart from food as well. What sort of 
gross margins or what kind of price hikes do you plan to take or have already taken. Any 
initiative addressed to mitigate gross margins and how do you plan to tackle inflation in the 
near term or at least in the medium term? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, it has definitely impacted us also. In Q4 we did not take any price hike, we actually 
entered Q4 with the Omicron wave and then in the month of March the priority was to get 
as much volume as you can and I am happy to see the volume numbers that we saw in the 
month of March. In the month of April and May both the months put together we have 
taken approximately 5% price hike which should help us to reclaim the gross margins that 
we used to do earlier. Also during Q4, while the impact of inflation was far higher and a lot 
of work on the ground done on managing the consumption per pax of various high 
commodity items - menu engineering, tracking of wastages, trying and having as much 
decision on forecasting as possible. So those measures were taken and that is why the 
impact that we see in gross margin is far better than actual inflation. Having said that, this 
quarter we have taken price hike and we are already seeing that the gross margin should 
revert back to what it was earlier. 
Trilok: 
So whatever price that you have already initiated will be sufficient to take the gross margin 
back to maybe your previous level? And intuitively obviously it is very, it is not a price 
sensitive segment but have you seen any impact or what kind of has the price hikes been 
well accepted by the customers. If you can give some quantitative sense in how the April 
has been or trend as good as March or it is like lower than that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So yes, it has been well. April month had two seasonal impact - Navarathri and Ramzan. So 
in both these months there is some impact on non-veg consumption. So barring that impact, 
I think the volumes have not been impacted by the price hike. Also our value proposition is 
that we are a value for money brand, so we want to maintain that. But having said that, we 
are also a celebration driven brand, which means that if somebody is coming in a group of 4 
or 5 and spending approximately Rs.4,000 for a meal of four or five - that is Rs. 4,000 
going up to Rs. 4,500 also does not pinch that strongly to the customer base that we address 
to. So I think the business has got flexibility to take price hike in the range of plus / minus 
5% to 10% but it has to be done in a calibrated manner so that the value for money 
perception of the brand should not go off-the-track. So that’s the tactical balance between 
the two that we keep taking; and like I said, the price hike that we have taken in Q1 is good 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
enough. In case the inflation further goes out of whack, I think the business has head room 
to make some more price hike to maintain the gross margins. 
Trilok: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now invite Mr. Harit Kapoor from Investec to address the management. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good evening, so the first question was again on the gross margin side, you said that this 
200 bps contraction is largely due to the cost side you are not able to kind of offset it with 
the pricing. So assuming that you have passed it on and things are normalized, you should 
kind of get back to your erstwhile level. My question was more on fiscal year 2024 if you 
have a normalized commodity cost environment, some of these on ground benefits, on 
ground initiatives that you have taken, could some of those fructify into gross margin 
improvement maybe even the last few months these initiatives are not fructified because of 
the high inflation. I just wanted to get your sense on gross margin cycle longer out, apart 
from the next six to nine months. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That will be, and barring inflation, if I just look at the same consumption level that used to 
have in FY2020 versus now, there is benefit on the gross margin level. So I think in longer 
term if you look at three to four years, we would endeavor to take this gross margin 
percentage from anywhere between 65% to 66% that we currently have, to a band of at least 
67%-68% ,so those measures will keep impacting the business. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The follow-up on this, so you said about the 5% price hike, have you seen that across dine-
in formats this year and seatings, so across dine-in formats price increases would have been 
kind of taken place and so to that extent you are kind of competitively neutral? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I tend to believe that. Based on my checks in the industry – yes, this inflation bit is pretty 
much impacting everyone and I would assume that they would have taken that increase. Our 
industry is highly unorganized, so what you see in one local trade area and metro markets 
cannot be very clearly brushed up across the country but as a brand having presence across 
82 cities, close to 185 restaurants, the price hike impact on volumes - we have not seen that. 
Plus one of the other important metrics to track in this case is – cancellations. So the 
moment you have price hikes and the customer feels that the overall cost is going to be 
higher you, will see a spike in cancellations which we have not seen between pre-price hike 
level and the post price hike level. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it and last thing was on the March performance, so you mentioned that EBITDA level 
margins are kind of back to erstwhile level and from Y-o-Y basis also you spoke about 30% 
odd growth, I think March last year would have partly been impacted due to or the last 
week maybe would have been impacted due to the second wave, so, of this 30% odd and 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
then also you had incremental restaurant additions and so what would be your estimate of 
kind of SSSG for March? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Just for the month of March must be around upwards of 20%, so overall the topline for the 
month of March basically was around Rs. 95 Crores and I do not off-hand remember the 
SSSG number for the month of March, but should be around 20% plus. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it that is it for me thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please 
go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Thanks a lot. My question was again on inflation, first was essentially which inputs have 
seen the most inflation and what would be the rough quantum if you could kind of give us a 
sense of where is it that we are seeing that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So largely, our meat basket is approximately 40% to 45% of our total food cost and during 
the entire quarter and months we have seen varying rates, prawns were slightly higher in the 
month of January, it actually came down a bit in subsequent months and then subsequent 
months chicken prices went up in early double digits. So it is pretty much a mix of both the 
commodities. Fish also is largely imported, so we have some impact due to maybe the 
supply chain disruption that is actually continuing for a long period of time now, so it is all 
put together. One advantage that we have is that given that we do not have a fixed menu and 
we offer all you can eat, we do also have flexibility to juggle between these commodities 
and add extra dishes of maybe more affordable items and lesser on the high cost items, so 
that menu engineering is again a very operating call which we will take on the ground by 
tracking the food cost per cover very closely. And our purchases are extremely strong so 
that is why in Q4 despite the price hike that we have seen in our input cost despite not 
taking price hikes, we have actually managed very good gross margins. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it Rahul, so essentially about half of the input basket which is meat is in a double digit 
inflation which is what you are now going to pass with that 5% price increase. And last 
question essentially was to kind of just understand the historical context last time when you 
would have seen this food inflation, could you give us a sense on how was our brand 
performance because we do not have that data but maybe you could kind of give us some 
understanding. How was that then and how are things different versus then, just to kind of 
have some context around where inflation is, how have we responded earlier and what are 
the levers that we have traditionally? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Without talking about any specific period, but if you look at last eight year history of 
Barbeque Nation’s performance, CAGR on inflation is what we know, the food cost per 
cover CAGR would not have been more than 2 or 3%. In fact, on a per cover basis it would 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
be lower because of various efficiencies that have been coming to the system as the scale 
has grown, so if I compare a period of 2014-15, the gross margins would be 61%-62% 
which has moved up to around 66% now, and the price hike, barring the current price hike, 
if you look at the average per check CAGR over last five years it would come to around a 
CAGR of 2% to 3% only. So I think overall margin improvement that has happened, has 
happened both from internal efficiencies and benefits of scale and not requiring to take the 
price hike. I think in the current operating environment, good thing is that in the past we 
were going to take these price hikes, and we will utilize that in the current quarter. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay perfect that is all from my side. Thank you very much and wish you luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ashish Kanodia. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia:  
When we look at your operating margins, when we look at your PPT so even for the fully 
operational stores the margin was 15.5% and I see the disclosure that there was some 
restricts even for fully operational store there were a few constraints, so is it possible to give 
some color on where this margins have been say in March or April?   
Rahul Agrawal: 
Recovered in March to normalized levels. Also in Q4, full ops has operating restrictions 
like sitting restrictions and dine-in restrictions. Unfortunately, operating leverage obviously 
takes negatively when your base topline is not achieved and as a team we have taken a 
conscious call of not cutting down costs so significantly and I will tell you what I mean by 
that. In our industry and like any other industry, we are seeing attrition a lot. We are in a 
phase of the company wherein we are looking to expand more restaurants, so at that point of 
time, managing your employee cost by reducing your manpower does not make any sense, 
so we have actually carried the entire manpower and that is helping us now when we are 
expanding very well and those sort of things have impacted the month of March. Rental 
waivers which we used to get during previous Covid periods have been very minimum in 
the third wave largely because most of these landlords have supported us very well during 
the first two waves and that percentage has actually come down in the third wave. So the 
dual impact of both these high fixed cost which is manpower and rentals, the margins in the 
third wave were actually low. As compared to the previous Covid periods they were far 
better, but as compared to a non-COVID normalized month it was low. But in the month of 
March, now we have seen store level margins coming back to close to 20% that we used to 
have and this I am talking about the portfolio level. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure that is very helpful and secondly on the extension kitchen side now you have around 
15 extension kitchens, so what is the thought process on that maybe more from a two year-
three year perspective do you see this 15 extension kitchens becoming say around 50-55 or 
even higher than that in the next two to three years and once you ramp up those extension 
kitchen where do you see your delivery revenue kind of stacking up? 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
Rahul Agrawal: 
On the extension kitchen side, their contribution to overall business is very low, we have 
tried those as an extension to reach to our guest more closer to where they are and with 15 
on board we do not expect to add more than maybe two to three in the short term. I think we 
will wait for the revenues to also start cracking up in a manner that these extension kitchens 
reach to at least a 15% store level margins. Right now they are not, they are at early single 
digit in EBITDA margins, they do give us kitchen infrastructure which can be actually 
utilized to further leverage our delivery portfolio and that is the thought process there. I 
would say it is still a work in progress strategy, it is very difficult to give a firm number on 
number of extension kitchens, it is a small capital outlay, we are very nimble in terms of 
deciding that, if we find that some of our nearby Barbeque Nation outlets are doing very 
good on delivery they are actually also leading to some metrics not being at par with what it 
should be because of huge volumes required to open an extension kitchen. So I would wait 
for maybe two more quarters to see how this unfolds, we also not in a hurry to prove that, 
we will just take it very cautiously.  
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure Rahul that is very helpful and thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon India 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Just one question, I heard you talked about 30% Y-o-Y growth in the month of March, just 
a bit puzzled when you said that margins would have normalized in the month of March, 
with 30% growth Y-on-Y basis and last year Market was fairly normalized if I am not 
wrong, your ROM should have gone up right? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
If you look at the Rs. 95 Crores, Q3 also we did approximately similar numbers, we did 
around Rs. 285 Crores which is the average of Rs. 95 Crores. We did similar numbers in the 
month of March and in Q3 also our restaurant operating margins were around 21%, so it is 
pretty much the same level. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Okay and second question was, if you could talk a bit about your delivery business because 
since you are not taking any price hikes, I am assuming that the sequential decline is all 
volume decline. Anything to read into this because we had the wave, so I would have 
thought this should have gone up or was it that this time the wave had a negative impact on 
delivery business? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think I did not notice any significant increase in the delivery volumes because of the third 
wave, not for our business also. And in the third wave what has actually happened is that 
the overall transaction volumes have gone up, the average per check has come down, and 
this in our case is actually more because of the shift from more items per order, or earlier, 
the consumption per order was done by groups of between two to four and now that has 
gone to single consumption orders. So even though the order volumes have gone up, 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
because of the decline in the average per volume, overall sales volume has come down. 
Also Q3 was a seasonally better quarter. So on a like-to-like basis sales are same. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Given that you have had experience around delivery now, what is the repeat percentage? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We do not have all the data because large portion of our business comes through 
aggregators. 
Prateek Poddar: 
In your PPT, you have talked about 25% of the business but I am assuming that would also 
be on dine-in side, where people will be reserving online on the app, but this app 
anecdotally if you were to see, is there a recent repeat customer base who are coming in and 
having frequent usage. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, a large potion. Also, a large portion of our delivery orders on apps have the Barbeque 
loyalty points applied, which is Smile points, and we are slowly and steadily seeing very 
good adoption of the Barbeque loyalty points also. So the repeat business on our app is very 
high which is driven by the mix of both loyalty points and repeat customers on the platform. 
Prateek Poddar: 
And lastly just wanted to check, at least when I was doing this anecdotally I see a pricing 
difference between aggregators and your own app for UBQ or Barbeque in a box like those 
formats, any specific reason or how should I think about that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, there should not be on the MRP side, but maybe because of some promotions being 
running on different platforms or some from our side, some from other side, you might see 
a price difference, but otherwise on MRP level both are same. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it, really helpful and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manish Poddar from Motilal Oswal 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just two questions, first one is would you be able to help me understand the new store 
which you are signing, what is the rent to the percentage of sales? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The sales ramp up has to happen, so if you look at the new stores they are not in last quarter 
would not have run for more than three months. So as the sales normalize based on our 
projections, these would not go beyond 10% in the year to sales. 
Manish Poddar: 
Because when I look at other expenses, let us say divide by the store just a crude way and 
not taking average, when I compared to the base quarter versus this quarter there has not 
been any inflation as such and this would number of roughly about Rs 4 million other 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
13 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
expenses per store. So what are the savings which are getting here or is it largely to do with 
the January month being not there? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It was largely January month, but otherwise on the rental side - are the new leases better 
than the averages? No, but one difference on the new lease also is that it is more skewed 
towards metro markets, so technically they may have higher rentals, but despite that, our 
rentals on new ones would be at same level of around 10% to 10.5%. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay one thing, so we have not seen normal quarter for quite some time and we do not have 
the trading history, so is there any seasonality in the business as such, let us say should one 
look at numbers sequentially or do you look at numbers Y-o-Y generally? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, there is. So typically in the entire year, Q3 is pretty much the best because of the 
festive season, followed by Q4 because of a good January that you normally see, the initial 
days of January also help you a lot. Then Q1, some school holidays that you see, Q2 is 
typically the worst because of rains, Shraad and Shravan (some of these impact non-veg 
consumption), so that is the way it is. But broadly H1 should give you approximately 45% 
to 47% topline and H2 gives us around 53% odd topline. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay fair enough thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Varun Singh from IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is on Toscano, La Terrace and Collage - so 
how is the business over here? Because now it has been close to two odd years since we 
acquired Red Apple and so now I just wanted to understand how the business is tracking, 
how the health of the business is and how we are thinking about expansion in these three 
franchisees in future? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So just one clarification - Toscano, Collage and La Terrace. Both La Terrace and Collage 
are sub-brands of Toscano only, so all three are part of the same Toscano brands - those two 
are not different franchisees. We have taken a call to move to a multicusine in one 
restaurant only by the name of Collage. So as a strategy in the long-term, only brand that 
we want to grow is Toscano and not spend bandwidth on multiple brands - so that’s 
Toscano. It has grown extremely well between last year and this year, the revenues have 
actually doubled and despite in FY2022 there were impact of obviously two waves which 
also impacted Toscano and it is stepping up pretty well. The margins are very strong there. 
We have closed one restaurant this year in Toscano and we have opened one more 
restaurant this year, so the net number did not change from 11, but subsequently we are 
open one in the month of April one more is opening up in the month of May and the plan is 
to take this store count from 11 to approximately 16 to 17 by end of this financial year, so 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
14 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
almost 50% addition on the existing base. Run rate revenue-wise it is doing extremely well 
and in fact both the Toscano and International business, both of these businesses have 
moved to a current monthly run rate of upwards of Rs.6 Crores per month, each 
individually. So, I think both of these are very strong profitable franchisees and in a good 
path to grow. Our long term on Toscano is that, we want to take it to 100 outlets and if I 
look at Barbeque Nation in 2013 also was around 18 outlets and now we are close to 168 
outlets in Barbeque Nation. That is the growth story which I believe Toscano should also 
take, the brands have all the attributes to the same story. 
Varun Singh: 
My second question is on the delivery business, what are the metrics that we are tracking to 
understand the robustness, like I understand one of the participants has asked about the 
repeat customers data, in case if we are tracking into that category but if not repeat 
customers are how we are kind of making measurement of how strongly we are able to 
drive growth, not just growth in numeric terms but the quality of the delivery business and 
so if you can share some view over there, that will be very helpful? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So we do not have a customer data, there is a lot of operating data that flows on each side. 
We obviously track a daily ADS and delivery by store, we track KPT which is kitchen prep 
time by store, there is something called MFR which is marked-food-ready for our guests, 
timing between marked-food-ready and the actual ordered being picked up. So there are a 
lot of operating metrics, the overall delivery time to the guest. There are also data on how 
many customers were satisfied with your food, so there is something called IGCC. So these 
data flow to almost all the brand and we have organized this in our own internal MIS 
platform and we track it across all our restaurants. So these are on the operating side. And 
obviously ratings, which has, like I said earlier, have improved significantly, so those are all 
working extremely fine. A lot of data on menu - which product is working, which is not 
working, what needs to be done, what can you add to the basket, how many customers order 
the box and then also order additional items say breads. So these data are all available and 
there is a lot of data crunching that is happening at the back-end on all of these metrics and 
that is why we see delivery business reaching where it is today. So there is a focus team 
who look after the delivery business in our company and is growing that. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood Sir that is very helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Riken Gopani from Capri Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Riken Gopani: 
Hi Sir thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions, firstly on the expansion of stores, 
you now target about 35 stores to be opened if you could share some color in terms of, have 
you accelerated this expansion plan and if so, what are the kind of geographies that you 
intend to expand this, in terms of tier 1 or tier 2, how do you intend to accelerate this? 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
15 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So we would like to maintain the current mix, we have around 70% in metro and tier 1 and 
around 30% in tier 2 and tier 3. If you look at this year, we are more skewed towards metro 
and tier 1 markets, I think the rentals in some of these markets are also thinkable and we 
actually do not just look at geography. We are very conscious about what kind of sites we 
sign, so at any point of time we would have a pipeline of almost 2x of the number of stores 
that you want to do, and one thing that we have learned over the last so many years in this 
business is that you cannot overpay in your rental commitments, otherwise your economics 
will just get distorted and having put in the capex to grow that store, it is very difficult to 
actually come back to the profit margin. So, my broader sense is that we will maintain 
pretty much the same ratio that we have today. 
Riken Gopani: 
Right just one follow-up there, so if I have seen through some of your communications in 
the last two to three quarters, it was about 20 stores what you were sort of guiding and this 
sort of is now getting accelerated to about 35 stores. So any color in terms of what is 
driving the acceleration of store count here? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
About 20 store guidance that was given to FY2022 was keeping in mind extremely well that 
Q1, Q2 will not see more stores because of the fact that the funding was complete, I also 
mentioned it just before in this call. So your question that the timeline for pipeline to mature 
is slightly larger and we knew that our pipeline in Q3 and Q4 as in the stores hitting the 
ground in Q3 and Q4 will be higher. Today, we have built capability inside the system to 
open anywhere between three to five outlets every month, we have that capability, if we 
find good sites - can we cross more than 40 in the year? Yes, we can. 
Riken Gopani: 
All right understood and the second question that I have is on the delivery again, one of the 
metrics I want to understand is incrementally the stores that you are opening, what are the 
ADS levels for delivery that you are seeing in the newer stores. Are they sort of matching 
what you are seeing in the stores which were there for more than one year incrementally, 
are the new stores also seeing traction on delivery is what I want to understand? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes they are, barring the fact that some of these stores which are new on the platform also, 
take more time for discoverability. This is not a Barbeque specific phenomenon, this is a 
general industry phenomenon, so as and when more customers hit that store, it gets 
discovered more and more. So barring that, I think we are launching at a pretty decent ADS 
and then the growth in the initial months was also very good, so we have not noticed any 
special or any different dynamics of new stores on delivery side. 
Riken Gopani: 
All right Sir. Thank you so much for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Trilok from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead. 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
16 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
Trilok: 
I just wanted to check on again going back to delivery questions with couple of participants 
already asking that, I am sure you must have thought about sustaining the momentum, is 
there a meaningful innovation or thought process going on how to build that business going 
forward because that is A, obviously higher margin business and B, obviously gives you 
higher support and extension kitchen can also give a medium term opportunity, could you 
just help us understand on that part? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So yes, thought process yes, no doubt about it. I am not sure about higher margin business, 
because the food costs, packaging costs that you put together make it a slightly lower 
contribution margin business and if you keep on adding more and more distinct kitchens, 
you have other operating costs like rents and manpower operating cost. So beyond a 
particular ADS level, yes it will do that. For example, in our case what we do from our own 
Barbeque set up are higher margins, what we do for extension kitchens even at same ADS 
level are lower margins. But having said that, and that is why they are very conscious about 
the extension kitchen, we track margin by unit, by month. So that is there, but having said 
that, yes, new product innovations have been thought of, there are some in pipeline also. I 
will not talk about it right now, we do not know when this will hit the ground, but by and 
large delivery is a focus area. Delivery is also a growing market, we want to capitalize on 
the kitchen infrastructure we’ve already built in this country and use that for delivery, so 
that is what I can say Trilok. 
Trilok: 
Okay and when you initially commented about Rs. 7 Crores restaurant business, so that is 
excluding delivery or is it including delivery? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, that is including delivery. 
Trilok: 
Okay understood thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa & Co. 
Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
How much is the contribution of top 20 restaurants to our revenue, this for Barbeque Nation 
alone and secondly how are we leveraging the various social media platforms that are 
available to us as an advertising and particularly when most of our customers do come there 
for birthdays and anniversaries? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Contribution of top 20 restaurants which is approximately 12% of our total restaurant 
network would be anywhere between 18% and 20% of the entire revenue. So not that there 
is concentration towards top 20. In terms of social media and digital media, we have a very 
strong in-house marketing team. There’s this gentleman who joined us almost six months 
back as Chief Marketing Officer, a lot of performance marketing initiatives have been 
taken. We do some spend on digital media on Facebook and Instagram. We have a lot of 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
17 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
blogger activities that keep happening on YouTube and Instagram, so the data that we get, 
our data collection of dine-in guests is approximately 98% which means that we get 98% of 
customers’ mobile numbers for the table obviously, for the group numbers we also call back 
them for feedback. We also send them promotional vouchers in case the repeat customers 
are not coming in. We also work with few of the external agencies to help us in these 
programs. So it is pretty, I would say, well-oiled department, we have been doing it now for 
a few years. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So just like delivery came in as a huge revenue contributor to us, is there any thought 
process within the team to develop more such revenue contributors, some different formats 
which could emerge as big revenue contributors in the future? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, Faisal we can. So two to three points. One, capability is there in the system, it is about 
bandwidth and focus. So last two years, we obviously had a tough period because of 
COVID, it is very erratic and over two years, what we have done is stabilized the dine-in 
business, in a very I would say commendable manner. There is also a pretty much playbook 
for any subsequent waves that come in, we have built a very strong delivery business which 
is approximately 18%-20% topline. We have stabilized our international business in a 
manner that today it is one of the best margin business for us, three years back you would 
remember that our international business was dragging, and today it is contributing very 
handsomely. Toscano we acquired two years back, the journey with Toscano has been along 
with COVID, so the integration and the growth that was going to happen with Toscano has 
been slightly delayed, but that is also now doing very well. So in terms of diversified 
revenue streams, the company has already created just before COVID versus now, we have 
got the four revenue streams – one is core India Barbeque Nation, we have Barbeque 
International, we have delivery business and Toscano business. I think all of these are in a 
very strong footing today and this year if it was a normalized year I would see the benefit of 
all of these that is my expectation. Adding something more, would be in a very methodical 
and thoughtful manner, we are not in hurry to do it, but if a good opportunity comes in we 
also have both bandwidth and resources to take it up. 
Faisal Hawa: 
How is our equity participation with Jubilant helped us in terms of best practices  exchange 
with them, that is one, and secondly would it be a right statement to make if I say that we 
would definitely grow around 15% in same store as well as new store terms for the next 
four years? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So Jubilant obviously is a great partner, one of the very well-run food services company and 
there has been no operating level interferences or discussions between both the companies 
but at a strategic level we obviously talk and we sound them off. Apart from that, I think 
they are one of the great partners and lot to learn from them. In terms of your second 
question on 15% growth, we should do that. So if you look at our current base we are at 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
18 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
around 185 restaurants today and we are expecting to add another 35 to 40 restaurants, so 
while the number is around 20% growth on the existing base, at least even though we 
assume five to six months of operation for the full month for all these stores at least 10% 
should come from these and another 5% to 7% should come from SSSG. The other impact 
that you will see at least in FY2023 is the impact of normalized month so Q1 in this 
financial year and Q4 financial year is slightly impacted by COVID as we move into 
normalized month the net SSSG obviously will be far higher. So over a period of next four 
to five years, CAGR upwards of 15% I think we should be able to do and if we do not do 
then I think we have not done a good job. I think the country provides that opportunity there 
is no doubt about that. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Correct and this would be mainly tier 2 towns, tier 3 or you are agnostic to that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, it is not tier 2 and 3, it is also metro and tier 1 markets. In Bombay itself, including the 
greater Mumbai region, Thane region all put together we only have I think 18-20 outlets, I 
think the city has much more potential; same goes for Delhi. Delhi also NCR put together 
we have around 23 outlets just for Delhi without NCR we only have I guess 11 odd outlets, 
Delhi itself has potential to take higher than that. So the growth will be driven both by 
metro / tier-1 and tier-2 / tier-3.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand it over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you all for joining this call. We will connect in the next quarter with further updates. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
19 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2022 
 
For further information, please contact 
Anurag Mittal 
Chief Financial Officer 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Bijay Sharma / Anvita Raghuram 
Churchgate Partners 
+91 080 6913 4900 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
+91 22 6169 5988 
bbqn@churchgatepartners.com 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the 
proceedings.  
 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, 
but without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements 
relating to barbeque Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While these 
forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of 
our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments 
and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general 
market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and 
interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of 
third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
