® 
ROSSARI 
May 27, 2022 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
making you more competitive 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 023 
Plot No.C/1, 'G'Block, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East Mumbai 400 051 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
Stock Code: 543213 
Stock Code: ROSSARI 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 23, 2022 for Q4 & FY22 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and with reference to our intimation dated May 18, 2022, regarding Earnings Conference call with 
Analyst(s) /Investor(s) held on Monday, May 23, 2022, we would like to inform that the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call is attached herewith and the same is also available on the website of the Company 
at www.rossari.com/announcement/ under the head 'Investor Call' 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Rossari Biotech Limited 
Parul Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A38895 
ROSSARI BIOTECH LIMITED 
(An ISO 9001:201S & 14001:2015 Certified Company), CIN: L24100MH2009PLC194818 
Regd. Office : 201 A - B, 2"" Floor, Akruti Corporate Park, L.B.S Marg, Next to GE Gardens, Kanjurmarg (W) Mumbai - 400078, India. T : +91-22-6123 3800 F : +91-22-2579 6982 
Factory : Plot No. 10 & 11, Survey No. 90/1/10/ & 90/1/11/1, Khumbharwadi, Village Naroli, Silvassa - 396235, Dadra & Nagar Haveli (U.T.), India. T : 0260-669 3000 
: Plot No. D3/24/3, Opposite ATC Tyre Phase Ill, G.I.D.C Dahej, Village Galanda, Taluka Vagra, Bharuch-Gujarat - 392130, India. T : +91 2641-3505 03 
~ 
info@rossari.com 
@) www.rossari.com 
0 HOME, PERSONAL CARE AND PERFORMANCE CHEMICALS 0 TEXTILE SPECIALITY CHEMICALS e ANIMAL HEAL TH AND NUTRITION 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
    
         
Rossari Biotech Limited  
Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 23, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Rossari Biotech Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Aesha Shah from CDR India. Thank you. 
Aesha Shah: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rossari Biotech Q4 & 
FY22  earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Edward Menezes, 
Promoter and Executive Chairman; Mr. Sunil Chari, Promoter and Managing 
Director; Mr. Ketan Sablok, Group Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Manasi Nisal, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
                                              We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management following 
which we have the forum open for question-and-answer session. Before we 
start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature and disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earning presentation shared with you earlier. 
                                              I would now like to invite Mr. Edward Menezes to make his opening remarks.  
Edward Menezes: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q4 & FY22 
earnings call to discuss the operating and financial performance for the quarter. 
I hope you all had the opportunity to go through our results presentation, which 
provides details of our operational and financial performance.  
I'm happy to share that we have delivered an encouraging performance during 
the year despite macro challenges. Fiscal 2022 was in fact a milestone year for 
us on the business front. We successfully acquired and integrated three high 
potential companies Unitop Chemicals Private Limited, Tristar Intermediates 
Private Limited, and Romakk Chemicals Private Limited.  
In the HPPC segment, with the synergy of polymers and surfactants, we have 
introduced a novel ingredient that not only enhances cleaning performance, but 
also provides the value addition to the customer. Then, under our Buzil Rossari 
banner we have launched Dr. Nanoxa brand, thus marking our foray into the 
nanotechnology space. This range of products offers a 30-day antimicrobial and 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 2 of 13                     
                                 
antiviral protection and is based on unique nanotechnology that stays fixed to 
any surface. 
                                              Coming to the TSC segment , a new range of products based  on polyester 
chemistry was developed and scaled up at our Dahej site. This will fill a major 
product gap in our TSC portfolio for the sizing market in polyester and cotton 
fabric. Additionally, the application team at Rossari worked jointly with Unitop to 
develop a range of products for the spin finish market, which  have already been 
approved by key global customers. 
In sync with our DNA to work with green chemistries’, Rossari's R&D team has 
successfully introduced green products in newer segments to reduce high TDS 
and save energy by designing products that work at lower temperatures. The 
state-of-the-art “Sustainable dying program” for blacks using Green Chemistry 
has been successful on knit fabric and is generating good interest from big 
brands. 
                                              In AHN segment, a new range of esters and glycerides have been successfully 
tested to enhance gut health in poultry and reduce the use of antibiotics and 
artificial growth promoters. In the pet care space, we have launched exciting 
new brands based on Bio-surfactants and green surfactants. Overall, we have 
received an excellent response from pet parents for this.  
Our teams are also together developing environmentally friendly silicones and 
next-generation preservative ingredients. Using Rossari Dahej’s state-of-the-art 
production facility and Romakk’s technical expertise, a new range of silicone oils 
with low volatile cyclic  compounds were manufactured with the focus on 
sustainability credentials. 
                                              The year also saw a joint development exercise between Tristar and Unitop’s R 
& D teams at Unitop’s state-of-the-art pilot plant that led to the development of 
a next-generation of preservative ingredients, which has major potential in the 
export market. So these are just some of the innovations that were launched 
over the last fiscal.  
In addition, our R&D has worked coherently to improve formulation recipes and 
the sales teams are focused on higher margin product sales to improve margins 
across our businesses. 
                                              As we look ahead, we foresee an array of growth opportunities across all our 
business segments. We remain well poised to cater to these growth prospects 
on the back of our diversified product portfolio, strong innovation capabilities, 
increasing customer base and agile manufacturing establishments. 
                                              With this, I would like to conclude my address and I now hand it over to Mr. Chari 
for his comments. 
Sunil Chari: 
Good evening and warm Namaste to everyone. We have reported a healthy 
performance during the year driven by strong momentum in all our business 
lines. Increased client  engagements with new and existing customers across 
various industries and steady demand translated to healthy offtake  during the 
year. In addition, demand in the export markets aided sales in the TSC division. 
Even our acquired companies, namely Unitop, Tristar and Romakk Chemicals 
delivered strong and promising growth during the year under review, which 
assisted our overall performance. 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 3 of 13                     
                                 
                                              The integration of these three acquisitions continues to bring in several 
promising growth prospect for us. It has enhanced Rossari’s technical capacities 
in our two key chemistries, namely surfactants and silicones, and has also 
presented strategic cross-selling opportunities across domains and markets . 
The coming together of related technologies of Unitop, Tristar and Romakk 
along with Rossari’s deep application expertise and fungible manufacturing 
capabilities has enabled us to introduce several innovations during the year. 
                                              On the raw materials front, the industry globally continues to witness severe 
pricing and availability issues in key raw materials. The ongoing geopolitical 
conflict has further affected the supply chain network. So, while the inflationary 
pressures had an impact on our margin performance during the year, we've 
been working alongside our customers and have started undertaking price 
hikes. 
                                              Coming to the business front, in addition to our new product launches that were 
covered by Edwardji, we have also been seeding new business lines across 
various industries, like water treatment,   paper, ceramic, cement, and have 
been actively working on new product innovations. Thus far we have seen a 
strong and favorable response to all our innovations and new launches. 
Additionally, we are also witnessing robust momentum in Unitop’s agro-
chemicals business and our emphasis  is on further strengthening the segment 
on a global scale going forward. 
                                              To summarize, we have reported an encouraging performance in FY2022. As 
we look ahead, we are seeing ample growth opportunities in the domestic 
market for all of our business verticals. Our diversified product portfolio, fungible 
manufacturing capabilities and our focus on constant innovation, position us well 
to tap upon this multidimensional growth prospects. Additionally, the 
stabilization of the RM environment and demand scenario in the country will 
further support business momentum in the quarters ahead. 
                                              On this note, I would now request Ketan to share his perspectives. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Thank you, Chari sir and good evening to everyone. We’ve closed the fiscal year 
2022 on a positive note. The year saw major operating challenges for Rossari 
on account of COVID impact, supply chain constraints,  inflation in key input 
prices, and more recently, the geopolitical conflict. Despite these issues we are 
encouraged with how Rossari has been able to navigate through these 
challenges and delivered a healthy performance. 
                                              On a consolidated basis, our revenue has grown 109% and on a standalone 
basis we grew a solid 55% year-on-year in FY22. Our key strategy during FY22 
was to push sales in Rossari during these volatile times so as to maintain our 
absolute margins, and  secondly, to ensure seamless integration of all the 
acquisitions. I think on both these fronts, we have been quite successful. Our 
Dahej plant has become fully operational towards FY21 and this additional 
capacity helped us push higher volumes during the year leading to stronger 
revenue growth. 
                                              Also, the acquisitions happened at the right time and their effective integration 
helped us navigate successfully during this challenging year. If we see over the 
last three years, that is if we compare from FY20, we were able to more than 
double our revenue and increase our EBITDA by almost 75% on consolidated 
basis .  
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 4 of 13                     
                                 
On the balance sheet front, we continued to remain very strong. Even after 
undertaking organic and inorganic expansions during the year, our balance 
sheet profile remains very healthy. We continued to be net cash positive and our 
net cash position at Rs.52 crore at a Group level. Our working capital position 
remains strong in spite of substantial revenue growth. Overall, our working 
capital cycle continues to be below 60-days, which I think given the current 
situation and the way we've grown is commendable.  
In line with our company guidelines on dividend policy, we are pleased to share 
that Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of Rs.0.5 per share 
during FY22. So, overall, the company's financial position remains healthy. Over 
a longer term, we will pursue our defined strategic initiatives, while always 
maintaining financial discipline. In a normalized environment, we look forward to 
delivering a strong and sustainable growth. 
                                              On this note, I would now request Manasi to take you through the financial for 
the year and the quarter and post that we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Manasi Nisal: 
Thank you, Ketan sir. Good evening, everyone. Let me provide you with a brief 
overview of financial performance for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2022.  
During the quarter, we have delivered steady performance driven by the 
improved demand and traction across businesses. On a consolidated basis, 
revenues came in at Rs.439 crore as against Rs.218 crore in Q4 FY21. On 
standalone basis, we registered an exceptional organic revenue growth of 30% 
on Y-o-Y basis in Q4 FY22. Revenues from HPPC stood at Rs.304 crore, 
contributing to 69% of revenues, followed by textile business at Rs.110 crore, 
contributing 25% and AHN at Rs.25 crore, contributing 6% to total revenues. 
                                             On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at Rs.52 crore as against Rs.35 crore in 
Q4 FY21. EBITDA margin stood at 12% as against 16% in Q4 FY21. As 
indicated, gross profit and margins during the quarter were impacted on account 
of raw material challenges. PAT during the quarter stood at Rs.24 crore as 
against Rs.22 crore in Q4 FY21. On a full year basis, our consolidated total 
revenue from operations in FY22 stood at Rs.1,483 crore, up by 109% on Y-o-
Y basis. On a standalone basis, we marked 55% Y-o-Y growth in FY22 owing 
to strong client wins.  
                                              Revenue from HPPC stood at Rs.966 crore, contributing to 65% of revenue 
followed by textile business at Rs.405 crore, contributing to 27% and AHN at 
Rs.112 crore, contributing 8% of total revenue. On the profitability front, EBITDA 
stood at Rs.183 crore as against Rs.124 crore in FY21. EBITDA margin stood 
at 12%. Depreciation was higher at Rs.48 crore, owing to amortization of fair 
valuation on account of consolidation of subsidiaries. Interest costs during the 
year stood at Rs.13 crore. PAT during the year stood at Rs.98 crore as against 
Rs.80 crore in FY21. From a balance sheet perspective, cash and cash 
equivalents during the fiscal stood at Rs.52 crore. Net cash flows from operating 
activities during the year stood healthy at Rs.29 crore. 
                                              On that note, I come to the end of our opening remarks and would request the 
moderator to open the forum for operational and strategic clarifications that you 
may have. Thank you. 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 5 of 13                     
                                 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We’ll now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Anshul Verdia from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Verdia: 
First one on the standalone entity, I think we noted that there's a slide 
moderation in the revenue in the Q4. So just want to know which segment led 
to this moderation.  Could you give us the run rate for both Unitop and the Tristar 
for the Q4 in terms of revenue and EBITDA? 
Ketan Sablok: 
In Q4 yes, its slightly about 2%- 3% below the last quarter. The growth over last 
Q4 FY21 is about 30%. I think the overall volumes have been same across all 
our three business segments. This year or this quarter what we had strategized 
was to look at our overall product basket and try to ease out of products where 
the margins are not really competitive or on the lower side. So that's something 
we looked at during this quarter. Secondly, your question on Unitop and Tristar, 
so Unitop this quarter had a revenue of about Rs.124 crore, so 4% growth 
quarter-on-quarter. And Tristar was at about Rs.49.5 crore, that’s about a 15% 
growth quarter-on-quarter. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Anything on the EBITDA number sir. 
Ketan Sablok: 
EBITDA usually we don't give an absolute number, but in both Unitop and Tristar 
we had healthy EBITDA. Unitop was around 15% and Tristar was at about 12%, 
similar to what they were or probably slightly higher than what they were in the 
last quarter. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Sir just one follow-up, in terms of margin, we are seeing that the quarter-on-
quarter we have gone a good improvement in the margins of EBITDA and it 
gives me a sense that we are able to do the price pass through. So could you 
just give us a detail, was we able to do partially or there is a more prominent 
impact which will be coming in the following quarters? And secondly, on the 
volatility of the raw material, so how is the situation has been in the first quarter 
of FY23?  
Ketan Sablok: 
So, yes, Anshul, as you rightly said, and I also told you that this quarter apart 
from pushing in some price increases, we also looked at our product basket and 
where we realized that the margins are below or on the lower side we tried to 
moderate those sales in this quarter. So that also impacted slight improvement 
in the gross margins. Some price increases we have started taking from the 
month of March. We plan to keep up this momentum in this Q1 and again fairly 
looking at the basket of products from a margin point of view. And we hope that 
we'll see a more stable margin profile going forward. So maybe Q2 is when we 
expect the margins to look a little more stabilized. On the raw material front, I 
think we are seeing some softening happening on our major raw materials, but 
given the current situation like lockdown in China and geopolitical situation, it's 
actually a little difficult for us to really guess how the raw material situation is 
going to pan out going forward. So we are still taking calibrated view on the raw 
material front. We hope that the calls that we take on this front prove to be helpful 
for us but currently the trend looks towards softening. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
On the HPPC segment for the Rossari parent, which is ex of acquisition if I look 
at it, on the standalone basis, the revenue has sharply come down from Rs.190 
crore at the peak of Q2 FY22 to close to Rs.126 crore in Q4 while we were 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 6 of 13                     
                                 
anticipating that the new capacity which will unlock the ability to produce more 
as well as the seeding in the new industry would help us to drive a significant 
growth in the revenue. So what's bothering us in the HPPC segment for the 
Rossari and why 35% drop in the revenue from the peak? And in the times when 
the raw material inflations are significantly high, that means underlying volume 
decline looks much cheaper, can you help us explain the HPPC segment for the 
parent Rossari? 
Sunil Chari: 
As we’d told in the earlier quarter, Q2 was an exceptional quarter and Q2 sales, 
if you see also for all the divisions and if you compare Q2 sales to Q4 sales of 
all the divisions, you'll find it much lesser. But if you compare the HPPC Q4 with 
HPPC Q4 last year, you'll still find growth in HPPC. I would request to consider 
Q2 as exceptional because pipelines were empty, which we already told in Q2 
earnings call and even Q3 earnings call and we had to push in and also Q2 was 
the height for supply chain logistic mismatch in the system and we had lot of 
customers coming to us who were buying small quantities from us, but they did 
not get material from our competitors and we were able to supply. So this year 
in spite of we growing 50% in top line on a consolidated basis, we have grown 
50% in EBITDA from nearly Rs.120 crore to Rs.180 crore, I’m saying 
approximate figures, and still being debt free, making this integration successful, 
we are very happy with what we have done in HPPC also in the Q4 quarter. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
.Just wanted to understand, even from Q3 to Q2 we have fallen from Rs.146 
crore to Rs.126 crore. So, the decline continues again as I understand that 
Ketan sir told that we are looking at rationalization and it look like most of the 
rationalization is happening on the HPPC side on the parent basis, is that of fair 
understanding? 
Sunil Chari: 
No, this is across divisions in TSC we saw very high rise in exports which 
contributed well. As a company, if you can see our exports has grown from Rs.64 
crore last year to consolidated Rs.264 crore this year so the export also has 
shown healthy growth. We have, of course, cut down on customers where we 
don't have margins on products. But if you compare Rs.126 crore standalone 
HPPC to the last year with quarter two and quarter three we also had higher 
prices in FG, because of higher prices of raw materials and this would normalize 
at certain extent. So I think there is not too much of a fall in HPPC that way. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
To understand when we say that we are cutting down on the sales or moderating 
the sales to the product or the customer where margins are lower, can you help 
us understand what is causing not to take the price hike, because raw material 
inflation is across players, right, it’s not just for Rossari, and they wouldn't get 
the material anywhere at the historical prices. So what is such that we are not 
able to take the price increase and still manage to convince the customer, so 
what are the product category or a customer category, which we are fighting to 
or we are doing the moderation? 
Edward Menezes: 
So, you'll understand that we have two categories of products our trademark 
formulation black box and the other is the ingredients. So what is happening is, 
with the formulation background, since the ingredients are a kind of a black box 
for the customer, it becomes very difficult to go to the customer with multiple 
price increases. So we've been increasing our prizes from the quarter of March 
this year and it is becoming impossible to pass on price increases to customers 
without them knowing what are the ingredients inside. So this is a trade off that 
we have to play now. Wherever it's a formulation black box, we are cautious and 
we don't want to revel all the raw materials. However, wherever there are 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 7 of 13                     
                                 
ingredient sales, like many of our peers do, in ingredient sales, the materials are 
open, and therefore, to pass on the raw material increase in prices is a little bit 
easier than what it is for the product range that we are working in. This we have 
experienced also with Unitop and Tristar, it is easier for us to pass on the raw 
material price increases, whereas with the specialty product range we have to 
be cautious keeping in mind our customers as well as keeping in mind the 
competition. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Sir, is it fair to assume that the white label business itself has slow down for 
everybody, because they don't want to increase the prices of the end product 
and they're also compromising on the sales and health. We are also seeing the 
lower volume. Is that the case? 
Sunil Chari: 
If you see our last year HPPC sale of Q4 FY21, it was Rs.108 crore. So 
compared to Rs.108 crore, we are at Rs.126 crore now. So, we have a 
significant jump. If you see Rossari on a standalone basis, it has grown from 
Rs.700 crore to nearly Rs.1,050 crore. So we have a 50% growth and which is 
because of abnormal pipeline being vacant in Q2 and Q3, but from Rs.108 crore, 
to  Rs.126 crore is already maybe 18% growth so even in Q4. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
My question was, what Edward sir said that we are not disclosing the ingredient 
of the white label, right, and hence the price increase becoming difficult. It's not 
that white label will be buying a new product from anywhere, right, because we 
do end-to-end manufacturing for that. Is that the white label themselves are not 
willing to sell too much because they are not able to take the price hike from 
their customer and hence their sale is falling and hence we are also impacting 
or they're buying that material from somebody else and supplying in the market. 
What is the situation? 
Edward Menezes: 
So as I already informed you that we are cautious both with what the customer 
sentiment is and how the competition is reacting. We don't want to lose business 
in white label because that is where the technology plays a bigger part. 
Therefore we have great strength in the white label business hence, like you 
said, you are very correct in saying that the customer who buys white label 
products from us really are unable to pass on their price increase to their 
customers. Not only that, but for the white label, for example, in textile, if you 
see the prices of cotton, they have gone through the roof. So it is becoming 
impossible for them to pass on the prices to the customer. And therefore, we are 
cautious we pushing them for price increases. So it's a trade-off kind of a thing. 
Having said that, we have still grown from last year. So if we had lost business 
from what we had done last year, then your argument could be correct, but that 
is not the case. The case here is that we are cautious because we have to go to 
the customer on multiple occasions for price increase. We've done that with our 
ingredients that we sell, but we are cautious and we find it little more difficult to 
do that. And like Ketan has already expressed that by the end of Q2, both things 
will kick into place that the material situation will normalize and therefore, we 
may not be required to do the price increase, and we can still keep the customer 
happy. So it's a trade-off kind of a situation for us now. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it, got it. Just couple of more follow-up question on that. If you can help us 
with what was the volume growth in the business for FY22. And Ketan sir told 
that we have been taking price high since March and we will continue even in 
the Q1. What is the quantum of price hike are we anticipating to or we have 
already started the process, so what is the quantum of price hike we anticipate 
to take during this entire exercise? 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 8 of 13                     
                                 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I'm just asking FY22, if we can provide that for the full year. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Full year, I think our overall volume growth is in excess of 40%. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, this includes acquisitions. I'm talking without acquisition. 
Ketan Sablok: 
No. I'm talking only about standalone  
Sanjesh Jain: 
 We have grown 40% in volume for FY22. 
Ketan Sablok: 
As I said in my opening remark, our Dahej plant became fully functional early 
this year or probably later it got capitalized towards the end of FY21. So that 
entire capacity came on stream. And as I said, lot of this additional capacity 
which came, it helped us in gaining this volume share and the revenue growth. 
Maybe quarter-to-quarter the volume growth would probably be steady, but on 
an annualized  basis the capacities have helped us to ramp up the revenues. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, assuming that our EBITDA per kg has fallen from x to y, what is the amount 
of price hike required for us to reach that EBITDA per kg again to the FY21 
level? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Sanjesh,  we’ve not looked at it that way. Our immediate target is to come back 
to our EBITDA margins of 14%-15%, which we are currently looking at. So we 
are at about 11.5% we close this year and we are working towards that, as I 
said, taking some price increases, expecting some further softening in the raw 
material front, rationalizing our product portfolio. I think all these should help us 
going forward to come back to our 15% on margins. 
Sunil Chari: 
We sell in tankers, we also sell in 1 ml sachets to measure quantity numbers or 
kilos, if not, and it defers products wise. Some products sell more in some 
quarters. So we have never been able to work out quantity-wise breakup, 
because we have different divisions, different products and, as I said, 1 ml, 2 ml, 
10 ml can not be compared with tanker sales product. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No. Just to understand. So, to reach the 14% -15% EBITDA margin from where 
we are today, how much percentage price hike will be required? 
Ketan Sablok: 
See I cannot tell you the price increase. It’s all a combination of products. And 
also, as I said, it's just not price hike, we are also looking at product 
rationalization and we are expecting the raw material prices to remain at the 
soften positions going forward. So we'll have to look at all the fronts. It's just not 
going to come only by pricing increases. 
Sunil Chari: 
We have given Rs.2,000 crore and Rs.250 crore as our target for this year. We 
are confident to achieve those numbers this year. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Rs. 2,000 crore revenue and Rs. 250 crore EBITDA, right? 
Sunil Chari: 
That is something which we are very confident that we’ve given in the past calls 
as well. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Great, sir. Just one bookkeeping question to Ketan sir. The tax rate in Q4 was 
high. What should be the steady state tax rate for us? And why was the tax rate 
higher in the Q4? 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 9 of 13                     
                                 
Ketan Sablok: 
Q4 tax rate on a consolidated basis was slightly higher because we had to do 
some tax recalculation for the two subsidiaries. So that's why the rates were 
higher. But I think if you see the annualized number, I think about 20% to 25%. 
So that's what the rate should be. We are at the 25% tax bracket. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the HPPC segment there, now, as you mentioned, there are 
certain products with specialty one, where therein the price hike has not been 
as aggressive, or let's say, the multiple price hikes are not there. So just thinking 
aloud, so how are we trying to scale up that business, because that is one 
product in the green part of our business. So, is there any change in strategy in 
terms of how you should price the contract, maybe not entering into an annual 
contract, but maybe more quarterly, or is it more like a current situation being 
volatile in terms of RM pricing available and hence we will probably reject the 
cost there again, your thoughts there. 
Edward Menezes: 
Of course, the customer knows what is going on in the marketplace, and 
therefore, he does not expect us to take a long-term strategy or a short-term 
strategy. It is to take one day at a time, basically, that is our idea. But from the 
product front, we are looking at being more innovative, trying to help the 
customer to rationalize his cost of finished product by giving him innovative 
solutions that is our focus rather than getting into contracts for long-term or 
short-term. Both the strategies today don't work out for us, because the situation 
is so volatile that even the customer is not willing to get into a contract with us 
basically, because everybody expects the price to come down in the future. If  
you fix the price today, in the future they might lose out. So, nobody wants to do 
it short-term or long-term. Our focus  is to give them innovative solutions in order 
that they get some idea of how to rationalize their pricing strategy. Especially in 
the HPPC, as you must have seen in my opening remark, the first was in HPPC 
we have been able to launch a unique novel product, which really gave them 
some value addition. So maybe the price of the product did not go down, but 
they were able to rationalize the quantities that they used in their formulation 
and we give them some tips for their formulations, which brought down the cost 
of their formulation. So that's the kind of synergy that we are working between a 
customer and us, so that both of us are benefited. Like Ketan sir said that, only 
price is not going to help anybody in this situation. Our R&D has been working 
forwardly to come up with better formulations. We've come up with applications  
formulations which work better in application. And therefore, you have to use 
lower quantities in the final finished product. So we are using different methods 
to bring down the final price of the product so that the end customer does not 
suffer. The approach here is not about price increase at all, price increase is the 
easiest way out and is also very easy way to lose your customer or give entry to 
competitor into the customer. So we are using all the three different methods to 
get in there. R&D is working, our sales teams are working to push products with 
higher margins. We are working with our raw materials suppliers to get the best 
prices that we can, and we are also trying to get some price hike logically with 
the customer. So it's a four-to-five-pronged effort that we are trying to get into 
so that the customer is not dissatisfied. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, probably, from that perspective, if I got it right, it will take some time for the 
full RM inflation to be pass through, especially for the white label part of the 
business 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 10 of 13                     
                                
Ketan Sablok: 
As I said, we’ve been working on this. We are expecting that probably by quarter 
two we should pass on the hike and get into our regular margin profile. 
Sunil Chari: 
To add to this, when we came for the IPO in 2020, just two years ago, we were 
at Rs. 600 crore sales and Rs. 80 crore EBITDA. And at this moment we are 
talking about Rs. 2,000 crore and Rs. 250 crore EBITDA. So in three years we've 
been able to grow more than three times. And in three years , even the EBITDA 
has grown three times. We still remain debt free. So, the focus is on a 
consolidated basis, on HPPC, even the Q2 AHN numbers which were at Rs .38 
crore and now it is Rs. 25 crore in this quarter. But if you compare with Q4 FY21, 
even AHN is gone from Rs. 21 crore to Rs. 25 crore. We have grown across 
division on a year-on-year basis, we have also grown on standalone basis, but 
on consolidated basis, we have grown bigger. The best part we remain a debt 
free company and our working capital cycles are also intact. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the overall volume growth front, which you mentioned 40% for the full year, 
we have grown on a standalone business. So, if I got the numbers right, broadly, 
there is only a 15-odd percent price hike that we have taken during the year, will 
that be a right understanding sir on the standalone basis only? 
Ketan Sablok: 
If you see the overall, the annual growth that has happened in the revenue of 
about 55%, it would be in the ratio of 70% to 30% , volume and price. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. 
Ketan Sablok: 
I don’t have the exact number, but it'll be around that. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And on a consol basis we are guiding for Rs. 2,000 crore odd revenue, 
which is another, let's say, 30%- 35% growth over FY22 base. What should be 
the volume growth that we are targeting here? And will HPPC be the bigger 
segment contributing to this growth? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, so the volume growth should be significant; one, because the subsidiaries 
will have the complete full year numbers; second, we are expecting raw material 
supplies in these subsidiaries. The key raw material of EO to  get stabilized from 
the second quarter. That'll help us push better capacity utilization. So the 
number for the volumes will definitely be much stronger going forward. 
Ankur Periwal: 
But any directional call, maybe a 20% plus will be the volume contribution. 
Where I'm coming from is basically if the current business and you mentioned 
we are getting 14%- 15% odd EBITDA, if I do some back of the envelop working 
probably, we need to take another, maybe minimum 10%- 15% price hike there 
itself, maybe around 20% price hike to be there, and if I take that 20% out of 
33%, that number comes outs to be 15% volume growth. So, is 15% the right 
number or maybe a higher end 
Ketan Sablok: 
We have at least about 15% volume growth coming next year. 
Ankur Periwal: 
We highlighted lot many initiatives in terms of new product innovation, not only 
at HPPC but also in textile chemicals, what are your thoughts in terms of the 
growth here in TSC, especially from the international market and domestic given 
there were certain portfolio gaps, which now are incrementally getting filled, will 
it take some time the products approval side and the revenue ramp ups and it is 
more FY24 rather than FY23 or how should one look at that? 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 11 of 13                     
                                
Edward Menezes: 
The new product impact definitely takes some time, but these ideas have 
already been floated in the marketplace, for example, the silicones with low 
cyclic content, the sustainable dying programs, as well as the low temperature 
washing  programs so all these have already been seeded in the marketplace. 
We expect very strong export growth, because we are focused on export in this 
year, as well as in the coming years, because if you see the export share in the 
standalone itself has gone from 9% to 11.5%. So there you can see that, even 
in the last quarters, we had been saying that we will be focusing on export. So, 
similarly, since the focus on export has increased and we've also increased 
some manpower in the export side, we are sure that there can be a 10% to 15% 
growth in the textile space as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So you mentioned that we have black box products plus ingredient product in 
HPPC segment. So can we have a rough percentage of like what is the 
percentage of black box products and what is the revenue percentage coming 
from ingredients? 
Ketan Sablok: 
So, Nitin we would not like to disclose these specific numbers. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
No, I'm not asking for specific sir, just rough indication would be enough. 
Ketan Sablok: 
We would like to keep that as confidential for us. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sir you just mentioned or you just talking about the volume growth with the 
previous participant, so like just to summarize, can we have sort of an overall 
picture in terms of volume growth we are targeting segment-wise. So, would it 
be right to understand that we have about 15% of volume growth in HPPC as 
well as in textile segment, especially how is it, if you can just give us some 
granular detail over there. 
Ketan Sablok: 
So, I think we could average out amongst the segments. We don't give specific 
volume-wise numbers for the segment. But as I said this, overall, our volume 
growth has been around the range of 40-odd percent. HPPC has grown very 
strongly and also in the current year AHN business has also grown quite 
strongly, so that two have played a good role in the overall volume increase. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sir that was for the FY22, I’m talking for the FY23, where the guidance is about 
15% growth, is that correct? 
Ketan Sablok: 
We don’t give specific guidance Nitin on specific division. The overall guidance 
should be good enough as of now. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, overall guidance is 15%, is it? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. For us, the overall guidance is Rs.2,000 crore in the top line on the consol 
basis. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Okay. No, I'm just trying to break that down and just trying to reconfirm the 
volume part and the pricing part.  
Ketan Sablok: 
To tell you, even I do not know that. 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 12 of 13                     
                                
Nitin Tiwari: 
I was asking that any updates on the new product segments that we were 
looking to like get into like esters and other products, so any updates on that 
front. 
Edward Menezes: 
So, as mentioned in my opening statement, all these new products are now at 
the introductory stage. So we have already introduced them. Some of them 
we've already introduced in this quarter. Some of them are stated to be 
introduced in the coming quarter. But interesting products are which will go into 
regenerated cellulose as additives. Then we have the black dying process, 
which we have already applied for a patent. Then we also have the new 
preservative that has been developed jointly between Unitop and Tristar that will 
also be one of the interesting products for the coming quarters. The most 
important one will be the synergy that we have between Unitop surfactants and 
Rossari polymers to bring in a new novel ingredient for enhanced cleaning 
performance, which will create an opportunity to partially replace traditional 
detergents in the HPPC segment, that is an important development and we 
promote that product very aggressively in the market. We have got some of the 
customer approvals already.  Another new development is a spin finish. Again, 
it's a synergy between Unitop and Rossari Biotech, where Unitop’s surfactants 
and Rossari Biotech’s application teams have developed the spin finishes for 
textile. This is the last segment in which Rossari is not present. So, I'm very sure 
that we will build sales in this segment as well. In the AHN  the esters and the 
glycerides that we are looking at for gut health improvement to reduce antibiotics 
and use of artificial growth promoters, these are very exciting products. 
However, there will be a challenge to introduce these products in India, because 
there is no regulation or there is no government intervention here. So we will 
have to create this market, and I think this would take us some time, but we'll 
definitely see some pick up in this year itself. Another very important thing that 
Rossari has taken up because of the integration with these three companies as 
well as two other smaller companies is the decision to implement SAP. So we 
have taken the decision to implement SAP across the organizations, which is a 
bold step for quicker integration. And I'm sure that by the end of this year we are 
going live with the SAP implementation. And definitely the operations will 
become more seamless, the synergies will be seen better and because we'll 
have more data, we'll be able to present more clearly or in a clearer way to you 
in the future. It's a big investment. I think Ketan can tell you what is the cost of 
that investment. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. So, the overall SAP across the group will cost us about Rs.3 crore- Rs.3.5 
crore, which will include not only the SAP software, but licenses, cost of 
hardware and the implementation cost, the cost of the effort etc. So that's what 
we are aiming at. Our target is to get these operations by the end of the current 
year. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Thanks for the answers. Just a last one, so there was a constraint on availability 
of ethylene oxide. So, I suppose that was supposed to get resolved by the Q1 
of this year. So, I suppose you just mentioned that in Q2, there a delay in that 
availability, can you throw some light on that please. 
Sunil Chari: 
Reliance has still not confirmed for June. So in all probabilities we will see 
enhanced availability from July onwards. This is subject to confirmation from 
Reliance. But with the expansion in Dahej we are hopeful that from July onwards 
we should get higher reallocation. 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 

                                                                       Page 13 of 13                     
                                
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar:         Just one question on the cash flow statement that has been given  on the Slide 
13 of the presentation. So, there's an item which says net gain loss rising on 
derivative instrument measure at fair value through profit and loss that's an item 
Rs. 192 crore, so just trying to know what’s the charge on the cash flows there.  
Ketan Sablok: 
I think there is a typo in the presentation. That line should actually have one 
below the operating profit before working capital. That should have been Rs. 
192.5 crore.  
Aashish Upganlawar:       The operating cash flow generated is Rs. 30 crore that’s the last number is 
correct Rs. 29.4 crore? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Edward Menezes: 
Thank you everyone for taking part in our investor call. I hope we have been 
able to answer all your questions satisfactory. Should you need any further 
clarifications or would like to know more about the company, please feel free to 
contact our team or CDR India. Thank you.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
® 
ROSSARI 
making you more competitive 
