THRU ONLINE FILING 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiro.ze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street. 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code - 524494 
Dear Sirs, 
May 27, 2022 
National Stock Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra - (East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code: IPCAL.AB 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of t~e Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of 
our Conference Call which was held on Wednesday, 251h May, 2022 to discuss the 
Company's Q4FY22 earnings and business update. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For lpca Laboratories Limited 
r~· 
Harish P.Kamath 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
lpca Laboratories Ltd. 
www.ipca.com 
12S, Kandivli Industrial Estate, CTS No. 328, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6210 SOOO F: +91 22 6210 SOOS 
Regd. Office: 48, Kandivli Industrial Estate, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6647 4444 
E: ipca@ipca.com CIN: L24239MH1949PLC007837 

“Ipca Labora
MANAGEMENT: MR. A
LABO
MR. H
COMP
MODERATOR: 
MR. N
Page 1 of 18 
atoriesLimited Q4 FY22 Ea
Conference Call” 
May 25, 2022 
A. K. JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRE
ORATORIES LIMITED 
HARISH KAMATH - CORPORATE CO
PANY SECRETARY, IPCA LABORATO
NITIN AGARWAL – DAM CAPITAL A
arnings 
ECTOR, IPCA 
OUNSEL & 
ORIES LIMITED 
ADVISORS 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to IPCA Laboratories Limited Q4 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from 
DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks Pranav. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to IPCA LabsQ4 FY22 
Earnings Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. On the call today, we have 
representingIPCA Lab management, Mr. A.K. Jain – Joint Managing Director and Mr. Harish 
Kamath – Corporate Counsel &Company Secretary. 
I will hand over the call to Mr. Jain to make some opening comments and then we will open 
the floor for questions. Mr. Jain, please go ahead,sir. 
A. K. Jain: 
Thanks Nitin and DAM Capital for organizing this call. Good afternoon to all participants and 
thanks for taking out time and joining us for Q4 FY22 earnings call. Today’s Earnings Call 
and discussions and answer given may include some forward-looking statements based on our 
current business expectations. That must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that 
pharmaceutical business faces. Our actual future financial performance may differ from what 
is projected and perceived. You may use your own judgment on the information given during 
the call. 
Domestic formulation business delivered 27% growth for the quarter from Rs. 433 crores to 
around Rs. 551 crores for Q4 FY22. Export formulation business recorded a growth of around 
3% from Rs. 338 crores to Rs. 346 crores for Q4 FY22. Branded promotional market in CIS 
market recorded a significant decline due to geopolitical issue in the region and we could not 
make shipments in the month of end February and March, both the months and did not go and 
overall promotional market achievement achieved a turnover of around Rs. 103 crores from 
Rs. 101 crores in Q4 FY22. 
Generic business in UK mainly impacted with much lower shipments for distributors in UK as 
we have started our own distribution army in that country. Building sustainable business on 
that will take some more time as we get the product approvals in that market. We were 
marketing almost around 43-44 products of our own. Right now, in our labels, we had just got 
around 7 registrations which are commercialized, we have got around 6-7 more registrations 
recently which will be commercialized now and as we get more and more registrations those 
products will get commercialized there and business will build. The UK business in this 
quarter declined from Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 20 crores in Q4 FY22. In spite of the above, the 
generic business excluding institutional business recorded a growth of around 2% for Q4 FY22 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
to Rs. 164 crores from Rs. 160 crores in last financial year.Institutional business is also 
impacted due to lower shipment in the quarter to around Rs. 80 crores from Rs. 76 crores in Q4 
FY22. 
Export API business recorded a decline in business of around 14% to around Rs. 181 crores 
from Rs. 209 crores. Domestic API business delivered 52% growth from Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 
77 crores in Q4 FY22. Overall, API business for the quarter has declined by 15 to Rs. 260 
crores to Rs. 258 crores for FY22. API business for Q4 FY22 is impacted due to issue of 
Azido impurity in certain API which is since resolved and there was certain sales return 
received during this quarter. 
Domestic formulation business has been very strong in this quarter. Our pain management 
segment has recorded 32% growth for whole of the year. It has recorded around 20% growth. 
Cardiovascular in this quarter has recorded 13% for whole of FY22, it has recorded 14% 
growth. Antibacterial in Q4 recorded 43% growth, FY22 almost around 55% growth. 
Similarly, Cough and Cold has recorded almost around 71% growth for the quarter as against 
72% for whole of the year. Derma business recorded 20% growth and for whole of the year, it 
has recorded almost around 41% growth and similarly Urology has recorded 36% as against 
40% for whole of the year, so domestic business in the quarter has been very strong. In MAT 
March 22, as per IQVIA, our renting has improved to 18 and overall our market share has gone 
up to around 1.79% of overall India market. The represent market share has also gone up to 
almost around 4.98%. The COVID-19 spread and broad-based treatment thereafter positively 
impacted for the year FY22 for Antibacterials, Antimalarials, Cough and Cold preparation and 
these therapies had delivered during the year very exceptional overall domestic business 
growth. 
Excluding the exceptional business in FY21 relating to Hydroxychloroquine and Chloroquine 
for COVID treatment, we had achieved a business growth of almost around 13% for FY22. 
Overall therapeutic contribution in some of the key therapy area for domestic market has been 
around, Pain is now almost around 49% of the business, Cardio and Antidiabetics around 17%, 
Antibacterials is around 7%, Antimalarial, Dermatology and Cough and Cold, each 
contributing around 5%, Urology, CNS are contributing almost around 3% each now. 
Impact of higher cost, overall the value addition for the quarter stood at almost around 70% for 
Q4 FY22 as against 72% in Q4 last financial year and for the full financial year FY22, our 
value additions have been almost around 68% as against 70% for the last financial year. The 
Q4 EBITDA got impacted due to impairment in the value of investment of almost around Rs. 
22.46 crores provided during the quarter and for whole of the year, we have provided almost 
around Rs. 39.14 crores as a provision for impairment in value of the investment. 
We almost recruited around 500 additional people in marketing in Q4 and that has also 
resulted in a higher cost and these additional marketing divisions are launched from 1st of 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
April in the current financial year. During the year, we are recruiting almost around 1,200 
additional medical reps and launching 4 more divisions in the domestic market in the current 
financial year. Higher incentive to field staff:for significant higher achievement of 27% 
business growth as against the budgeted growth of around 16% has also resulted in overall 
little higher provision for the incentives to the field staff. Significant higher fuel cost for the 
quarter, almost the cost has gone up for the quarter by almost around 60% as compared to last 
year and for the whole of the year, the fuel cost has increased by almost around 49% for the 
year. Similarly, shipping cost has also significantly gone up. During the quarter, even though 
our export business has not done a significant addition, but the freight cost has gone up from 
Rs. 13.7 crores to almost around Rs. 23 crores, Rs. 24 crores and overall, higher wholesale 
price inflation in economy has also increased overall cost. Having given the broad 
presentations, now I request participants to ask the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ranvir Singhfrom Sunidhi Securities& Finance. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sir, my question is related to that Sartan business, so in last quarter we mentioned that due to 
impurity,the shipment was lower and that normalization happened in last quarter itself, but yet 
in this quarter also in your commentary, it seems that it is not normal something, so please 
throw some light on it? 
A. K. Jain: 
Let us say, issue got resolved, we have filed the newer process, whatever with modifications 
and all, but lot of shipments which were made earlier to certain geographies, they have return 
back, so sales return was higher. These goods will be reprocessed and then reshipped and 
reshipment will also and therefore in this quarter because of sales return, some sales return 
may even come in the first quarter of the current financial year. So, for some more time, this 
will get impacted, but yes, newer shipments have already started and the business got disturbed 
for almost around 6 to 8 months because of this issue. So, we are also likely to lose some kind 
of market which will take some more time to regain back. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, what is the quantum of sales return in this quarter? 
A. K. Jain: 
I think overall, may be around more than Rs. 20 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And sales return is over now or some part remains to? 
A. K. Jain: 
I said some more may come in first quarter of the next financial year. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And secondly on institutional business, so that also in last quarter, you indicated full year 
revenue of Rs. 350 crores, this is the full year revenue is considerably lower, you mentioned 
that shipment was lower, but reason why shipment was lower, that I wanted to understand? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
A. K. Jain: 
Say, as against Rs. 50 crores what we have achieved is around Rs. 318 crores, so it is lower 
because order flow what we were expecting based on our discussions with various agencies 
that did not materialize. So, order flow itself is very low from institutions around that time 
because Artemisinin prices has gone up significantly higher and therefore there was a price 
increase and getting those kind of higher prices and overall flow was slow. Our Artemisinin 
price which is to exist around $150 has gone up to almost around $250, $260, and therefore 
consequently prices were also revised. So, what kind of flow was expected that did not happen. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay, so this is not a case of any part of sales being differed to? 
A. K. Jain: 
No, there is no deferment of shipment. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And what would you outlook on institutional business for FY23? 
A. K. Jain: 
I think FY23 we see, we will see a flat kind of business, may be around, we don’t expect much 
of growth in institutional business for whole of the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sir, my first question on Indian business, so obviously we have seen exceptional gain as you 
mentioned during your opening remarks in some of the therapies due to COVID, so on a high 
base for FY22, how should we look at FY23 growth and if you can split growth into volume 
growth and new launches contribution that will be helpful? 
A. K. Jain: 
Overall, I would say that all businesses have grown because of the COVID because our pain 
segment is significantly outperforming and it is continuously doing very well and there was no 
impact of COVID in that kind of segment except a small brand of Paracetamol of ours has 
shown a good growth of almost around 109%, but Zerodol continue to record almost around 
30% kind of growth in the last financial year and overall Pain segment for Q4 has also grown 
by 32% and overall, in spite of Hydroxychloroquine which was exceptional business last year 
and that declined, in spite of that Pain has given 20% kind of growth and other therapies like 
say let us say Derma for the year has grown almost around 41%, CNS 25%, Urology 40%, so 
these are the therapies which has outgrown significantly to the market, but as far as some of 
the therapies like Antibacterials, we had almost around 55% growth for the year, Antimalarials 
had 64% growth and Cough and Cold, we had almost 72% kind of growth. So, these are the 
segments which are impacted because of the higher businesses because of COVID also. The 
normal business has also grown, but because of COVID there was exceptional demand in the 
market for Antibacterials, Antimalarials and also Cough and Cold patients. As far as next 
financial year is concerned, I think overall domestic business for us may grow almost around 
12% to 13% for the whole of the year. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, 12% to 13% on the base of FY22 looked achievable for FY23? 
A. K. Jain: 
Yes. First quarter growth may be little lower because first quarter, in April and May, because 
of your delta variance spread and all and broad base treatments and all those significant higher 
offtake of Antibacterials and Cough and Cold, so on that base, the growth may be little slower, 
but for whole of the year we should be able to do a business growth of almost around 13%. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And sir, quickly on the price hike which was allowed to aniline portfolio that will be taken and 
if you can confirm that and whatever price increase for non-aniline portfolio, what kind of 
price hike you are anticipating or you have already taken? 
A. K. Jain: 
All in aniline product almost around 10.7% price increase was allowed and I think price 
increase was announced tactically as last date. Normally, we carry around 2 months inventory 
because first quarter business is higher, so we normally carry higher inventory around that time 
and therefore tactically this price increase in the current year will be only available in June 
because we will be selling the older inventory which is at a lower price. So, for this price 
increase will be available for at least around 10 months of whole of the year, not for 12 months 
as far as aniline are concerned.As far as other products are concerned, normally our price 
increases has been around 6% overall for the whole of the years, we used to have around 6% 
kind of, but looking at overall wholesale price and inflations which is currently in economy, 
probably we may be on an average around 8% kind of price increases during the current 
financial year. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question before I get back in the queue, given we continue to be high pressure on 
the input cost part, whether it is raw materials part or shipping and freight cost which you also 
touched upon, so in terms of margins for FY23, what kind of assumptions you are building in 
right now? 
A. K. Jain: 
Let us say, in spite of higher prices in the current FY22, we have been able to have a gross 
margins of almost around 68% for the year which has come down from 70% in last financial 
year. 70% was very exceptional because of an additional business on account of COVID, what 
we did on Chloroquine, Hydroxychloroquine that was at much higher prices, so in spite of 
your overall significant increase in raw material, I would say that we have been able to 
maintain the overall gross margin, value addition at almost around 68% and in the fourth 
quarter of the current year also we had 70% kind of value addition. That is what I said in the 
initial presentation. So, we don’t foresee that there will be any kind of reduction in that part 
and what I am seeing from market now is there is a significant resistance from the buyers in 
passing on the higher cost and normally buyers give one-year orders and all those kind of 
things for the APIs and all. Currently, what we are looking that buyers has apprehension that 
prices will come down and therefore they are also giving quarterly orders and not committing 
for the full year deliveries and all those kind of things and similarly it is happening for 
intermediates also that the intermediate producers are also facing the hit because their volumes 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
are going down and therefore there is indication of lowering the prices in spite of China 
lockdowns and so many issues and logistic issues and all that. We are seeing the softening of 
the prices of certain, the key intermediates in the recent time and probably that trend would 
continue. So, if that trend continues, then overall our gross margin will further restore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, first of all, can you give us an update on the ongoing projects, whether it is the Dewas or 
the debottlenecking activities in Ratlam, Aurangabad as well as conversion of Ramdev API to 
intermediate, on these projects what is the kind of status and in terms of utilization for Dewas, 
how should that we are building for the current year in terms of the utilization and all for both 
the units? 
A. K. Jain: 
At Dewas, we have started the commercial production for one intermediate, second 
intermediate productions would start right now, maybe in the next quarter. The major plant is 
the one which is under installations and overall I think that installations and validations would 
get completed. It is further delayed by 2 months, so maybe I think around July and or August 
that will get completed and thereafter say all the establishment and validations and the stability 
batches and all will be taken. It will take almost around thereafter to generate the 6 months 
stability data, then file with regulatory authorities for approval and regulatory authorities will 
take some time for approvals and visit the plants and all. So, we don’t foresee any kind of 
significant impact of Dewas coming in the current financial year. Dewas will start impacting 
our overall performance, may be from the second quarter of the next financial year. Nothing 
great would come, in fact it will contribute the initial losses because that is the pain in drug 
industry that you need to do all those kind of work and then, so mean time it will start 
producing some kind of _23.23__ just keep on supplying to Ratlam and from there we will 
increase the overall API output and all, but Dewas would not have significant impact in the 
current financial. As far as overall I think Aurangabad you had talked about, Aurangabad, 
there are no issues, it is a normal business, we have installed when one pilot plant is there and 
the few stages are tactically stabilized and their yields has gone up by almost around 20%. Few 
more products are under currently here, trials are going on and we expect significant 
improvement in that also, but some of the stages where there are high amount of tactically 
phosphorous oxychlorides were used, those we are facing a problem relating to your MOC 
issues and we are still not able to resolve in spite of taking up with all the kind of companies in 
domestic and international even so that issue is still there, but on the other reactions and all, we 
are seeing good amount of progress happening there and as far as Ratlam debottleneckings are 
concerned, yes, that has been completed and commercial productions has already started. 
Surya Patra: 
About Ramdev? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
A. K. Jain: 
Ramdev, that journey is going on almost around 5 to 6 products are validated there now and 
we have started filing those with the EDQM and other authorities that filings has already 
started, I think in current year we may do almost around 8 to 9 filings and once those kind of 
approval start, then European and other business will start from that plant. Meantime, right 
now it is serving to the domestic industry. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir then, overall in terms of annually what you generally mentioned about the integration 
levels for your activities with your captive operations, so can you share that what is the level of 
integration now currently? 
A. K. Jain: 
It is almost around 56%. 
Surya Patra: 
So, 56% is for formulation? 
A. K. Jain: 
Our turnover is coming from captively backed API. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, my second question is on the overall export performance, so you mentioned that you had 
shipment problems during the last 2 months of the quarter and hence there was a kind of 
impact, so that is clearly visible, so apart from the stronger growth in the domestic formulation 
which was severe, otherwise all other segments, whether it is API or export formulation or 
export API, so everywhere that we have seen some slippage to the normal expected levels, so 
do you think given the kind of concerns that we have there, on the shipment side or trade 
challenges front, so do you see any kind of softness or softer trend for the export that is 
continuing at least in the initial period of FY23 and hence kind of moderated growth on the 
overall export business? 
A. K. Jain: 
Let us say, first is promotional market, we were targeting almost around 20% growth 
excluding the exceptional business what we did in last financial year relating to COVID and if 
we exclude that part, then I think our promotional markets, we had achieved a growth of 
around 12%. In spite of 2 months shipment has not happened, if those would have happened 
which are for the CIS market, if the things would have been normalized, we could have 
achieved almost around 20% growth in promotional market. As far as current year is 
concerned, I think April got impacted because we didn’t make much shipment in that one, but 
from May onwards, I think overall things have normalized. In fact, we may gain more in 
particularly in Russia because one is Ruble rate has now stabilized around 57 and all, our 
pricing in that market was based on 70, so our overall dollar pricing in that market will 
improve and we have done, based on overall initial part in April, in February and March, we 
are looking at the depreciation, we have revised our pricing based on 70 to 90 in that market 
and therefore we have increased the local prices in that market and we had not reduced the 
prices right now. So, hopefully, there will be significant gain as far as Russia is concerned in 
dollar terms for us because our dollar prices will get revised there and not only those 
businesses, in Russia, even the API business we have very good business in Russia. That 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
business also got impacted and we have put all the customers on advanced list now that you 
sent the advance and then, so it took some time and now shipments have started going to that 
market. So, both on formulation front and as far as API front, both we have suffered in that 
market. As far as Ukraine is concerned, we don’t have significant business, but we were doing 
almost around Rs. 15 crores in that geography in a whole of year and some shipment was sent 
in earlier part of February, even that has not reached to Ukraine and therefore I think Ukraine 
business will definitely suffer because they are still finding difficult to have the logistics put in 
place for shipment to that market. As far as generics are concerned, let us say, all other 
geographies we are having good progress except UK because there we have now completely 
stopped shipping to our distributors in that market and as I said earlier that we had almost 
around 43 products with more numbers of SKUs put together was a very large list. We only 
got around 7 approvals and 7 products for commercialize, but recently we got almost around 6-
7 more approvals which will be commercialized in may be in the second quarter. All 
preparations are going on. So, overall that business will show a decline in the current year, but 
European business, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa, they all will grow, but I 
don’t foresee a significant growth in generics. Overall business growth in generics will be 
muted because of UK and overall growth in generics may remain around 5% or so overall and 
API business I foresee almost around 10% to 12% kind of overall growth once these issues are 
completely behind us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi Securities and 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sir, just on UK side, we have mentioned that change in distribution model has impacted, so 
wanted to understand what is the status currently, so we have already set up our own 
distribution channel there and so we expect sales to pick up in subsequent quarters, that 
process is still here going on and secondly, how that will impact our profitability in that 
region? 
A. K. Jain: 
Overall, if you look at UK, in FY21 we had almost around Rs. 152 crores business. Prior to 
that, UK was few years back, it was almost around Rs. 350 crores, so because of distribution 
issues this business has significantly got impacted and therefore we decided that yes, we want 
to be there in that market and have our own distribution. We have got during the year those 
kind of registrations what we had talked about almost around 7 registrations. During the year, 
in our own label, we had done almost around Rs. 23 crores business and on distributors 
business was almost around Rs. 61 crores, so overall almost around Rs. 84 crores business we 
have done in UK. Looking at the current basket of 13 products, the 7 which we are currently 
marketing and 6 approvals what we have received now, we would be almost around Rs. 60 to 
Rs. 65 crores kind of business. We are expecting more kind of approvals which if it comes 
during the year, then business could still be better and we could be at a breakeven may be 
around Rs. 84-Rs. 85 crores in the current year, but we have not factored in our budget so far 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
the fresh approvals, but we will certainly get more number of approvals during the year. So, 
UK business, we see that there would be some kind of decline during the year. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And that breakeven would be achieved? 
A. K. Jain: 
Let us say, we have now right now created our own warehousing and other things we are 
completely outsourcing, but we have marketing teams in place and we have all other people in 
place, the QPtesting’s are completely outsourced there and we are also setting up our ownQP 
testing facilities there and in fact business margins could improve there. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Just connect, you said Rs. 152 crores was from UK in FY22? 
A. K. Jain: 
FY21. FY22 was Rs. 84 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Rs. 84 crores was in FY22 for the full year. 
A. K. Jain: 
Business has significantly come down from Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 84 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Rs. 350 crores was in FY19? 
A. K. Jain: 
Before that FY18-19, yes. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And similarly in Russia, what is the contribution of Russia in FY21 and FY22 if you could 
highlight? 
A. K. Jain: 
I think overall we didalmost around Rs. 134 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
For FY22? 
A. K. Jain: 
FY22, yes. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And the majority would be from Russia only? 
A. K. Jain: 
Majority is with Russia, almost around Rs. 15 crores are from Ukraine and some from Belarus. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And what was that number in last year, just I wanted to understand the normalized number? 
A. K. Jain: 
It was almost around Rs. 164 crores. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And sometime, in a war like situation when the situation normalizes, the demand also some 
short of pent-up demand also comes up or there may be some opportunity there because some 
MNC, we saw some MNC has withdrawn from these, so do you see that the opportunity would 
be larger when that situation normalizes in Russia? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
A. K. Jain: 
In fact, we are sensing that business would definitely go up there. There are good 
opportunities, our team is working, the team is right now setting from India there to assess all 
those kind of things which are other dossiers, which are other markets on which we can get 
Russian approvals and all that, so those all preparations are going on and we see a good 
improvement in business and also you see earlier Ruble rate was to be almost 35, from 35 it 
went to 70, 70 it has come down to 57, so it is basically our dollar billings were getting 
impacted that because of currency depreciation there and since Ruble is again appreciating, our 
dollar billings will increase, so overall business in Russia will definitely go up and apart from 
that additional opportunities which are there relating to newer products approvals and all that 
also will be positively impacting Russian business. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, whether we have that forward contracts there to hit that currency fluctuation? 
A. K. Jain: 
No, we don’t have that, but our billings, we decide the prices in those markets, end prices and 
the distributor margins in that geographies are kept. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Renu: 
Just a follow-up from my side on the domestic market, so we have done exceptionally well in 
the domestic market last year, so obviously part of it came from the COVID upside, but you 
also said that part of it is not COVID related, like the pain, derma, etc., so I was wondering all 
these are businesses which used to grow 10% or 11% annually, what has suddenly changed 
that these are growing 30%, 40%, what are your thoughts around that? 
A. K. Jain: 
Last year, base was low because of the _37.26__. If you look at 2-yearCAGR, the business 
growth was almost around 14%-15%, so as again that because of all these uncertainties and the 
base last year of the exceptional business what we had more particularly in Antimalarials last 
year and also in the Antibacterial we are little _37.53__ let us say 15% kind of growth, we are 
projecting around 13% kind of growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, any update on US FDA inspection, any conversation you had with US FDA with regard to 
your plants? 
A. K. Jain: 
Let us say, all remedial actions are done, we are in regular touch with FDA. Hopefully, 
inspection should happen, but FDA doesn’t announce when they will come, but hopefully 
inspections would happen in current year because there is nothing pending, no pending 
requisition from FDA again on any kind of remedial actions or submissions we have made to 
the FDA. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, on the branded business, you sounded positive with Russia coming back and some of the 
other market, so what is the kind of growth expectation you have in fiscal 23 for branded 
formulation exports? 
A. K. Jain: 
It could be around 20%. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And sir, your API business has done very well, particularly last 2 years it has come up a little 
from FY21 levels, you mentioned about Sartans, so how should we think about, what are the 
kind of opportunities you have, you have guided for around 10% growth next year, but slightly 
on a longer term basis what is the kind of expectation, this 10% growth you see or there is 
additional opportunities that you expect on the API side? 
A. K. Jain: 
Business from 10%, I think overall API business may grow to around once this capacity 
becomes available and regulatory and inspections of Dewas site and all it happens and dossier 
filings happens from that side, I think overall business may grow around 15% for next 3 years 
thereafter. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, one final question on raw material prices, you mentioned prices have started to come 
down, I just wanted to understand is the worst behind and is it like the price inflation that you 
have seen or seeing is limited to specific products, any color if you can give and or is there a 
possibility of a material margin improvement in gross margin, is that something which you see 
is possible because some of the cost may be exceptionally high at this point or in fiscal 22 
which can come down? 
A. K. Jain: 
We are seeing the trend that overall, let us say, intermediate prices and they all started coming 
down now and even the buyers are facing it because the sellers are facing it because they are 
also not getting volumes because at higher prices, the buyers are not picking the shipments and 
those issues are there and company's manufacturers of APIs are also facing problem in passing 
on the prices because Europeans and other manufacturer, the buyers are hesitant to give these 
higher prices because somewhere they also have lot of insurances and other issues and there 
are pricing pressure there and they are not able to buy at those prices, so definitely these prices 
which has significantly gone up, it is not 10-20% somewhere it is 100%, 200% those kind of 
price increases happen on intermediates and all and those prices definitely are coming down 
and the trend will be seen in the current financial year, but at the same time because of higher 
petroleum prices, your solvent prices continue to remain high, we are seeing that excipient 
prices which are mainly used in the drugs for formulations purpose, those prices are recently 
are moving up, but they don’t contribute much to the overall cost, but overall we see that yes, 
the prices will definitely come down and that will positively impact, but how much that would 
happen, we have seen may be around 5%-10% replacement in the prices, but it has to come 
down much more and that could positively impact the margin, but right now it is very difficult 
to project that how much it will come down. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Sir, just one question on the US business, our acquisition of our stake in Lyka, can you sort of 
expand on the rationale and what is the progress? 
A. K. Jain: 
Lyka, current plant is having WHO GMP and certain authority's approvals there, but they 
don’t have any kind of approvals which are from the stringent authorities of the world, so no 
approval exists for the stringent authorities of the world. We have made an assessment there 
and probably some kind of modifications are required, that will be carried out during the year 
and then our internal teams are assessing their overall quality systems and other issues and 
then after those kind of things are done, then we will review their data and then after 
modifications and all, then filing process will start, first in ROW market and then in the 
stringent market all that kind of things, so that is may be around 2 years journey and 
injectables are, we have most of our businesses coming from oral therapies and we definitely 
wanted to go for injectables, we wanted to have those kind of presence and Lyka has a very 
good product range, so it is only the some kind of corrections and then and the regulatory 
approvals and we can go for those kind of businesses. ROW itself present very big opportunity 
as far as those injectables are concerned.So, that is the two years journey. 
Aditya Khemka: 
And sir, any outlook on the Sartan portfolio of APIs that we sell, so I know we have been 
seeing some pricing pressures in Sartan over the past 9 to 12 months, but do you think prices 
where they are now given the raw material inflation, Sartans will not see further price erosion 
impact, will we be able to take some price increases in that portfolio to pass on the cost? 
A. K. Jain: 
In fact, whatever the impurity issues which has come that has opened us an opportunity that we 
revise the processes for much higher yield and that would in fact reduce the cost and therefore 
margins would be better. 
Aditya Khemka: 
And you don’t see any further pressure of the end price of Sartan portfolio in the markets? 
A. K. Jain: 
No, in fact the intermediate prices were elevated, they have started coming down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, couple of question on the finance side, so compared to last year there is a debt addition of 
almost Rs. 550 odd crores, so what was the reason for that, although it is short term plus long 
term and couple of small acquisitions that we would have done, but if you can break that up in 
terms of our requirement and rationale for that? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
A. K. Jain: 
Debt is not utilized, let us say it is lying in the bank account, so we may at an appropriate time 
repay those kind of debt, it is only a commitment for 13 months. For a specific purpose, that 
debt was paid and that purpose has not materialized, so we have not utilized that debt. 
Surya Patra: 
So, then there are no major changes that we should build in our models? 
A. K. Jain: 
No, it is lying in cash, I have in the balance sheet almost around Rs. 1,300 cash right now. 
Surya Patra: 
Second question is on the cost, so although the elevated raw material cost and all that, so 
despite that we definitely has delivered a strong gross margin scenario, but the cost pressure 
what we are currently seeing it is not on the gross margin front or at the gross margin front, the 
cost pressure what we have seen in the fourth quarter at the employee cost front as well as 
more on the other expenses front, possibly it is fuel cost, it is the distribution cost, or shipping 
cost or freight cost and all that, so could you give some sense on that sir, do you think that is 
the other expenses are likely to be normalizing in the near term or given the trade challenges 
that is there, so your other expenses is likely to remain elevated for the entire of this year, 
while we take comfort from on the gross margin front, but the other two line items are looking 
relatively larger, so some sense on that front for FY23? 
A. K. Jain: 
As far as personal cost is concerned; I think overall raise during the year is around 14%. Out of 
14%, there are 8% is on account of general increments to the people and balance is, because 
my incentive provisions are significantly gone up because in our systems when somebody 
outperforms, the incentives are significantly higher and therefore incentive provisions has gone 
up by almost around more than double, it is almost around Rs. 60 crores additional provision 
for the whole of the year so that has pushed the overall personal cost during the year and also 
in the fourth quarter of the current year, we had decided to add four more marketing divisions 
in overall domestic marketing and we are increasing our field force size from 4800 medical 
reps to almost around 6000 medical reps. So, in current year, almost that will significantly 
impact and therefore personal cost will definitely remain on higher side during the year. We 
have seen that by and large we are able to do almost around breakeven in the 2 years’ time that 
whatever the reps are added, in two years they start recovering their entire cost and from third 
year onwards, they start contributing towards the margin, so we will see some pressure during 
the year because almost around 1200 more peoples are being added and in the last quarter 
number also almost around out of that 600 peoples were already added in the last quarter and 
they were under trainings and all that, so that has added to the additionalcost. We are 
continuously doing better in the domestic market and we see a good scope to further increase 
overall our market shares and all and therefore we are adding four more divisions in the high 
growth therapies for all and other cost has concerns, shipping cost will still take more time to 
normalize because your petroleum’s are at higher level and because of the China COVID 
situations and the overall logistic issues and that will continue to remain elevated, I think it is 
difficult to say that when that slightly to be normalized, but once I think China overall this 
situation start and becoming under control as far as COVID is concerned, then the logistic cost 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
will also come down. As far as the fuel costs are concerned, the coal is the real big issue now. 
In April last financial year, if the coal rate was 100, it is almost around 220 to 225 is the rate 
now, so it has almost gone up by 120% the coal cost has gone up. So, in spite of whatever 
efforts we have done to save the fuel cost and others by overall in spite of all that the overall 
fuel prices, the fuel cost to the company has gone up by almost around 49%. It is very difficult 
for me to say that when the fuel cost will get normalized. It has again lot to do with again 
China because they stopped mining coal from Australia and the coal which was coming from 
all that Indonesia and all that became very high and India also because of high heat suddenly 
power requirement went up and then the coal was not available to the industry to that extent 
and the prices, they started moderating in between, but again because of this high heat and all, 
the coal cost has gone up, but I think we will have to watch because if the rainy season is little 
extended then the coal price may continue to remain elevated, but if the season ends in time 
and all that, probably the coal cost may start moderating around that time and as far as 
electricity’s are concerned, overall I think there was a very big strain. This year electricity cost 
has not moved up very big way, it is only the fuel such as they have increased because all 
electricity boards were holding tariff hike and all, so we don’t know when the tariff hike goes 
up as far as and that could further increase the cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sir, the first question on the Dewas plant as we mentioned that there would be some formula, 
becausewhich would be baked into FY23 as the real commercialization would come in FY24, 
so can you quantify what kind of expense like that we are looking at from Dewas in FY23? 
A. K. Jain: 
Overall, I think the plants will be ready for say capitalization, the major part of the plant will 
get be ready for capitalization in the month of August and thereafter may be around one and a 
half crores rupeesper month for up to March that will be the cost and some cost will definitely 
get recovered, but major will remain unrecovered because it is basically all the dossier 
developments and filings and stability and all those will be done, data will be submitted to 
regulatory authority. Till the time, we can do is only businesses with the countries where those 
kind of approvals are not required and they are normally at a much lower prices. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And second question on the Sartan, so as far as I was aware, the newer process was having a 
lower yield, but I think earlier you alluded that the newer process is having higher yield? 
A. K. Jain: 
No lower yield, that was having lower output, higher time cycle, but that we have again 
revised that and with that revision it is a normal output and higher yield. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And on EBITDA margin, have we provided any broad guidance for FY23? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
A. K. Jain: 
I think overall our topline may remain around 10% to 12% for the whole of the year and 
EBITDA margins will be around 22 to 22.5 because we will have pressure of additional people 
recruitment in the year and overall elevated cost on account of overrates moreparticularly fuel, 
shipping’s and overall inflations in the economy, but our gross margin levels will remain 
around 68% and if the prices comes down little bit, gross margin may improve and that may 
impact positively the overall EBITDA. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And the tax rate still remains at 18% right? 
A. K. Jain: 
No, tax rate go to around 25% because we are adjusting most of our MAT credits and all and 
some credit will get lost. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
I think last quarter we said we had some Rs. 360 crores or something pending? 
A. K. Jain: 
Current year because of all the seconds, all those tax incentives are expiring and thereafter you 
can't take those kind of tax incentives once you are opting for 25%, so some of the credits will 
get lost. We will have to see that which is the better method, we will have some kind of credits 
will get lost. Since that credit is not recognized in book, so it will not impact the balance sheet, 
but yes, the tax rate will go up. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
For this year only? 
A. K. Jain: 
Yes, this year only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just clarity on the API growth outlook, you guided for 10% growth for FY23? 
Harish Kamath: 
Yes, that is correct, Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just going by the quarter run rate of Rs. 250 crores and Losartan issue may be taking a quarter 
or so, still attaining 10% on almost about Rs. 1340 crores in FY22, so incremental sales is 
going to be much higher in the remaining 3 quarters, is that assessment, right? 
Harish Kamath: 
Yes, that is correct because progress is slowing happening in capturing additional customers 
and business for Losartan volume. We were not servicing customer for 4-5 months because of 
this impurity problem, so getting all that business again is slowly progressing. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
But at the same time, I presume there would have been some competition would have already 
taken away that market share, so regaining the market share? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Harish Kamath: 
Yes, that is correct, but whatever benefit we have costing and other things, we are sure we will 
get back all our customers and all our volume, but it will a slow progress and this quarter Mr. 
Jain has already explained there could be some return of older shipment also. To give them the 
fresh material, so there is no loss of anything, but only that return will get replaced with fresh 
material to that extent there will be lower growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Edelweiss Financial 
Service. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sir, just want to understand, because when all these API price increases and API input cost 
increases, API contracts when they come up for renewal, how much of it are you able to pass it 
on? 
Harish Kamath: 
Mr. Jain has already said that is hesitancy in the buyer side to give increased pricing and earlier 
routinely, lot of long-term contracts used to get signed, but now buyers are preparing one 
quarter contracts and all, so there is lot of hesitancy in the market place also, so people are not 
sure whether the price will remain at elevated level or it will go down, so corresponding 
formulation demand, formulation pricing, those are also having some concern and issues.So, 
because of all that there is a disturbance in the API business, but it will stabilize and improve 
as we progress quarter-on-quarter. 
Kunal Randeria: 
And just one more, so while you did briefly touch upon this, I think your sales cost increases 
almost 30% if I understand correctly from around 5100 to almost 7000 by the end of this year, 
so where you could deploy this any particular division or any brands that you are looking to 
sort of invest in, a bit more color would be helpful? 
A. K. Jain: 
Almost around 350 people will be added to the existing divisions, because what we are filing 
that our service suggest that in cities, we need more representations and therefore we are 
adding more number of people in our multispecialty divisions more for cities, so around 350 
people will go in existing division. We are adding almost around 1200 people out of which 
may be 350 people are again getting added to the Pain segment, a newer divisions in pain. The 
existing Dermatology divisions where we have market leadership and around 60% market 
share that is getting bifurcated in two parts because it is becoming increasingly difficult to add 
products there and if you add products with the larger basket it becomes difficult to have kind 
of focus around the products and all that, so that we are splitting to get the higher market share 
from that kind of segment. We are creating another segment for Neuropsychiatry and 
anotheradditions are there and in Cardiology we are adding almost around 2 more marketing 
divisions there and almost around close to 400 kind of people will be added there, so broadly 
these are the areas where the deployments would happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Poddar from ADIA. Please go 
ahead. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Prashant Poddar: 
Just a quick question on the hesitancy that you talked about in price increases, so are you doing 
some risk mitigation at you end in terms of lower inventory cycles, etc.? 
A. K. Jain: 
It is very difficult to keep lower inventory because this is the time where there are lot of 
uncertainties are there as far as supplies are concerned because of China issues and all. In fact, 
our inventory in the current year has gone up by almost around Rs. 200 crores and we could 
have in fact reduced the inventory, but in fact the inventories have gone up because in order 
the maintain the business continuities and to avoid supply disturbances, in fact the inventories 
have gone up by around Rs. 200 crores. 
Prashant Poddar: 
So, could there be intermittent risk if the raw material prices were to correct? 
A. K. Jain: 
On that there will be lower realizations, but we can't have business disturbances. 
Prashant Poddar: 
And this risk is only in the API business? 
A. K. Jain: 
Yes, this risk is in API business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Harish Kamath: 
We have nothing more to add, thanks all the participant for taking your time out to attend this 
concall. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
