 
 
 
Ref. No.: PSL/2022-23/CS/SE/16 
Date: 28th May, 2022 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: DIAMONDYD 
 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code: 540724 
Security ID: DIAMONDYD 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor call held to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2022 
  
In continuation to our letter dated 21st May, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Investor 
call held on 23rd May, 2022 to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended 31st March, 2022, is enclosed herewith. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Prataap Snacks Limited 
 
 
 
Om Prakash Pandey 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
CIN : L15311 MP2009PLC021746 
 
Registered Office : Khasra No. 378/2, Nemawar Road, Near Makrand House, Palda, Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 452 020, India 
Telephone : 91-731-2439999 E-mail : info@yellowdiamond.in Website : www.yellowdiamond.in 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call 
Page 1 of 18 
 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Results Conference Call 
May 23, 2022 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Prataap Snacks Limited Q4 & FY22 earnings conference call. We have 
with us Mr. Amit Kumat, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Sumit 
Sharma, CFO of the company. We will begin this call with a brief 
opening remarks from the management following which will open 
the forum for an interactive Q&A session. 
 
                                               
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that certain 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature 
and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
                                               
I'd like to handover the call to Mr. Amit Kumat for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Thank you. Good evening to all the participants. And thank you for 
joining our Q4 & FY ‘22 earnings conference call. I trust all of you 
have gone through our presentation which was shared with you 
earlier. 
 
 I’m pleased to report that we have delivered a healthy all round 
performance during the quarter and full year despite the challenging 
macro environment. Our revenues during the quarter grew by 17%, 
significantly outgrowing the industry growth rate. On an annual basis 
revenues mark the healthy improvement of 19% Y-o-Y. The growth 
was primarily driven by an uptick in demand and consumption. The 
addition of new retail outlets to our distribution network and 
enhanced reach and effectiveness of our existing distribution. I'm 
also happy to share that we have recorded a strong addition of 
around 1.5 lakh new retail outlets during the year. As of March 31, 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 2 of 18 
2022, our total retail outlet were around 21.8 lakh against roughly 
20.3 lakh as on March 31, 2021. Further, our tele-calling initiatives 
implemented in key geographies had also supported the growth 
momentum. These initiatives helped us enhance the efficacy of our 
distribution network, resulting in better coverage of territories 
leading to higher volumes. Going forward, we will steadily extend it 
to additional geography. 
 
                                               
On the raw material for this quarter, there was continued increase in 
prices of palm oil and other commodities across the landscape. The 
combination of rising costs of palm oil and laminate for packaging 
have impacted EBITDA margins by almost 700 basis points during the 
year. While these prices were already rising from the start of the 
fiscal, the Russia and Ukraine war which broke out in February have 
further disrupted the global supply chain leading to a sharper and 
more severe price escalations in commodity prices during the month 
of March. 
 
                                               
However, we were able to partially mitigate some of these cost 
increases 
by 
our 
ongoing 
cost 
optimization 
initiatives, 
implementation of our direct distribution model, grammage 
rationalization along with higher price realizations. Additionally, we 
have also accelerated implementation of our direct distribution 
model strategy across all regions and completed it ahead of 
schedule. This, along with our cost mitigation measures, assisted us 
in restricting the impact on our margin during the quarter and full 
year. 
 
                                               
Let me now quickly take you through our financial performance 
during the quarter and financial yearended on  31st March 2022. In 
Q4 FY22, revenue grew by 17% year-on-year at Rs. 3,614.6 million. 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 49.4 million when compared to Rs. 139.2 million 
in Q4 FY21. PAT during the quarter was at Rs. (29.5) million as against 
Rs. 71.3 million. In the year, revenue grew by 19% year-on-year to  
Rs. 13,966.2 million. Operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 583.1 million, 
translating to a margin of 4.2%. PAT excluding the exceptional item 
due to loss by fire at Kolkata plant stood at Rs. 169.1 million.  
 
On the demand front, with normalization in activities, increase in 
travel and the reopening of economy, we are pleased to share that 
the footfall in our touch points have nearly touched pre-COVID 
levels. As I had alluded earlier, our existing Retail touch points have 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 3 of 18 
completely reopened and we continue to add newer touch points in 
key geographies. These new touch points have helped us significantly 
increased offtake. With the new academic year starting from June, 
we remain confident that the demand of our key products will 
surpass their previous benchmarks. 
 
                                               
In view of the resident performance, the Board of Directors has 
recommended a dividend of Rs. 0.5 per share on a face value of  
Rs. 5 per share.  
 
The Government has undertaken several initiatives to boost food 
manufacturing and local production within the country. In one such 
step in 2021 the Centre announced the PLI scheme for the food 
processing sector with an outlay of Rs. 10,900 crore. The scheme is 
aimed at augmenting domestic manufacturing capacity of the food 
processing industry and also attracting investments in the sector. 
The scheme covers four main segments such as ready to cook or 
ready to eat foods, processed fruits and vegetables, marine products 
and mozzarella cheese, with incentive linked to local production and 
sale of products. 
 
                                             
In December 2021, around 12 companies secured PLI approval under 
Ready to Eat/ Ready to Cook category  and I am happy to share that 
Prataap Snacks was one of them. We received approval under the 
ready to eat segment and currently, all our products are covered 
under the PLI scheme, except for Potato Chips. The Company will get 
incentive on the incremental sales of eligible products over base year 
sales. The base year for calculating the PLI benefit on-incremental 
sale is FY 19-20 for the first 4 years and FY 21-22 and FY 22-23 for the 
fifth and sixth years respectively. Also, the benefit available is 
including the growth in Avadh sales. 
 
On the CAPEX front the investment commitment aggregates to 
roughly around Rs. 105 crore of which we have already invested  
Rs. 20 crore. The balance of rupees Rs. 85 crore will be invested 
between us and our contract manufacturing partners by end of FY23.  
 
                                              
To summarize, we have delivered an encouraging performance in the 
fourth quarter and in FY22 given the backdrop of unprecedented 
macro challenges. With nearly year-on-year growth in the high teens, 
we've outpaced the growth of industry. We believe we can grow 
even faster in the quarters ahead with the onset of normalization as 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 4 of 18 
well as our strategic business initiatives to enhance our distribution 
network in terms of scale and effectiveness. 
 
                                              
However, the outlook for raw material prices remains challenging 
and we are seeing severe pressure on our margins due to unusual 
rise in prices of key inputs. The outlook for the immediate term 
remains constrained by the disruption in global supply chains, spike 
in several soft commodities and agri products due to Russia-Ukraine 
war, and the rising prices of palm oil falling the ban on export by 
Indonesia. As a result we see continued pressure in the immediate 
term. 
 
                                              
There is some improvement expected over the medium term as 
steps taken by the government to alleviate inflationary pressures are 
expected to contribute to cooling down in prices of soft 
commodities. Further, the reduction in excise duties on fuel 
announced should help alleviate some of the inflationary pressure. 
Further, Indonesia has lifted the export ban and there are also 
several steps being taken to develop alternative cooking oils, which 
are expected to lead to reduced prices of palm oil in the future. 
 
                                               
There has been a tremendous amount of effort to address the 
challenges and the structural changes that we have undertaken in 
the businesses have definitely elevated the margin profile of the 
business. This has helped to partially offset the severe impact of 
rising inputs, and we are working towards driving further gains even 
in the current scenario of unusually high input prices. We believe 
these efforts will be more visible over the medium term as the macro 
environment normalizes.  
 
                                               
We remain very confident of delivering high growth in the quarter to 
come, which supported by our efforts to structurally enhance margin 
should also enable us to accelerate shareholder value creation going 
ahead. 
 
                                               
On that note, I conclude my remarks and we can open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Ashutosh 
from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 5 of 18 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
My question is on direct distribution, so you mentioned that it has 
been implemented in all the regions ahead of schedule. So can you 
clarify on that as far as I know it was implemented in Delhi and I think 
the pilot run was going on in Mumbai. So, if you can highlight like 
how the plan has actually panned out. So I'm seeing that on direct 
distribution, the management has highlighted that it has 
implemented ahead of schedule. So if you can clearly highlight like in 
which all regions this has been implemented? And on the retail 
footprint, so the company has already added retail touchpoints what 
would we be the target for FY 23? And lastly on the palm oils, you 
highlighted that Indonesia has lifted the ban. So going forward, we 
expect some kind of moderation in the prices going ahead? So if you 
can highlight that what kind of margin range you expect going 
forward, that would be really nice? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Thanks, Ashutosh. Let me take the first question first. Basically, on 
the direct distribution side, we started with Madhya Pradesh first 
and then we did in Delhi. But with the spur in the raw material prices, 
we thought that we had to take some severe actions. So at one go 
we implemented across the country. There was some pressure from 
our super stockiest and the channel margin and the sales people. But 
eventually, we got everything done. 
 
                                              
So as of today 99% of our sales are through direct distribution or 
super distributors. So there is a difference between super distributor 
and super stockiest. So, like for you to take example of Delhi we used 
to have one super stockiest and 110 distributors under them. Now 
we have around 25 delivery points in Delhi. These all are our super 
distributors, they do the retailing on their own, and they supply to 
the smaller distributors if required. So our net channel margin which 
used to be around 14% for Delhi has come down to almost 10% now, 
and it has been implemented across the country. There are a few 
exceptions, but everything will get settled in probably next month or 
two months’ time. 
 
                                               
On the third question of palmoline prices, palm oil basically hit very 
hard because of the COVID period when labour was not available in 
Indonesia and Malaysia. And then the prices across the globe started 
going up. So if you see our last 5 years average price probably would 
be around Rs. 70 , which is currently at more than  
Rs. 150. But with the labour availability going up in Malaysia and 
Indonesia, and Indonesia is starting the export again. I personally feel 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 6 of 18 
that prices should go down considerably probably even 10% to 20% 
in next three months’ time. On the EBITDA front probably Sumit can 
take that question. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
On the EBITDA side, as you know it's a highly volatile situation as far 
as the raw material pricing are concerned. And it's really very difficult 
to predict as of now, how the prices will move in near terms. So 
short-term there may be some volatility, however, looks like the 
prices will definitely come down and Indonesia has also lifted the ban 
on exports. So medium to longer term, we are pretty much confident 
for expansion in the margin. However, in short term, there will be 
some pressure, which is being mitigated through various process 
initiatives. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from 
Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, this year you have ended with the top-line of around  
Rs. 1,383 crore on a consolidated level. Given that hopefully no 
further COVID waves and this will be like the two years after COVID 
that schools will also be starting for the entire year. So how do you 
think the growth will pan out for the company on a consolidated level 
for FY 23?  
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think we are targeting in high-teens, definitely should be much 
better than what we have been doing for last two, three years. Two, 
three year were exceptionally bad, probably the growth rate was 
bad. But this year, definitely it could be much, much better. It could 
be in the range of 20%.  
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Secondly, on the grammage front, the industry has been going 
through a very tough time, even the industry leaders are facing the 
challenges on the margins front. Has there been any initiatives taken 
for reduction of grammage, especially in an Rs. 5 and Rs. 10 pack? 
And how do you see the competitive intensity going forward given 
such high raw material price increase? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
If you see the overall impact on the EBITDA margin is probably very, 
very bad, it should be close to 10% to 12%. So, we have done many 
changes out of that one change has been the grammages changes, 
the impact of that is not much, we have reduced by one or two grams 
in the Rs. 5 pack in most of the categories. But the major impact by 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 7 of 18 
which we could mitigate these higher prices was through the channel 
margin and through the PTR. We have increased the price to the 
retailer and reduced the channel margin. And we have also done 
some optimization at the factory level, which has also given us 1% 
extra margin. So, there were three main levers, optimization at the 
plant level, second, increasing the PTR (price to retailers), reducing 
channel margin and for grammages reduction. So we have done a 
little bit of grammage reduction across the categories. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And when was this grammage reduction done? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
That was doneprobably in last 30 to 45 days. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir last six months, how much grammage has been reduced on 
an average let's say in an Rs. 5 package? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think it should be in the range of 5% to 6%. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
But the palm oil prices have more than doubled in FY 22, so do you 
think there is further scope for reduction in grammage in coming two 
months? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think with all the changes what we have done, we have almost come 
to our past pre-COVID levels as far as margins are concerned. 
Though, it will take some time to implement, because we have 
reduced the pack size, we have reduced the grammage, it will take 
some time. But I think going forward, raw material prices can only 
come down from here it is very difficult for the prices to go further 
up. At least we're assuming that. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And sir, with all the measures that we have taken on channel 
front, and at the plant level, when the raw material prices stabilize 
or come down, what can be the steady state EBITDA margin that you 
can target over the next two, three years? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Definitely we are targeting double digit margins. With all the changes 
we have done, it would be very difficult for us not to get a double 
digit EBITDA margin if the raw material prices improve a little bit also. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, when do you think the gross margin compression that we 
have seen in the past two, three quarters, given the prices currently 
and some of the steps from the Indonesian Government as well, as 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 8 of 18 
hopefully some reduction in prices should happen over the next few 
days or in coming months. When do you think that we can come back 
to our original earlier gross margin level of around 28%-30% which 
quarter do you think we expect that to be happening? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, certainly with a bit increase in the margin and better realization 
definitely there'll be expansion in the gross margin. However, it also 
depends on the reversal of the raw material pricing. So, any reversal 
in the raw material pricing definitely will help us to improve our gross 
margins and we can reach to the previous range of gross margin, 
which was somewhere between 30% to 32%. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, can we expect that hopefully the prices have stabilized now, 
there should be some improvement in gross margins from Q2 or you 
think the first half itself has been badly impacted, because Q1 we 
know that there has been significant pressure on the gross margins. 
Do you think there can be some improvement from Q2 onwards? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, we hope for this. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir lastly on Avadh, the growth that we have seen in Avadh post 
acquisition hasn't been that much. Last year also if we look at it the 
growth in Avadh has been less than 10%, it has hardly grown in high 
single digits. So how do you see Avadh growth going forward? And I 
think we have made some management changes as well in Avadh. So 
do think how can we grow at higher growth rates in Avadh going 
forward? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
If you see Avadh was a super value brand compared to all other value 
brand in the country. With the higher raw material pricing, the 
impact in Avadh much, much higher than compared to all other 
companies. So we were forced to reduce the weight considerably in 
Avadh compared to our Yellow Diamond products. So there were 
definitely hit in the market. But going forward we have changed the 
complete strategy in Avadh  as far as sales is concerned. We 
appointed a full sales staff who have taken a new team onboard and 
we definitely expect it to grow in the line of Yellow Diamond only. 
We are looking at high teens growth in Avadh also this year. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. So Avadh will also grow in line with overall company growth of, 
let's say, high-teens or 20% that we are expecting. 
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 9 of 18 
Amit Kumat: 
Definitely. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Singh, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Rishabh Singh: 
So, you mentioned that you've had to cut channel margins and 
increase PTR ahead of schedule to manage increase in high input 
costs. So I just wanted to understand if there has been any negative 
impact on sales because of this? And if it has been how long would 
you see it continue?  
 
Amit Kumat: 
There were some impact in few places, where the distributor 
basically, they decided not to work with us. There was some impact 
where we could not supply to the distributor directly. But if you see 
the major sales come from supplying to the retailer and offtake from 
the retail point. So there was no problem in that point. So most of 
the places there was no problem. There were some problem at one 
or two places, and few places the sales have increased because of 
this. I don't see any problem in direct distribution as far as sales is 
concerned. There's a temporarily impact of supplying the stock 
directly to the distributors. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Parikh from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for the progress 
that we have made so far. My first question is on the contribution 
from Rs. 5 pack, where do we stand at the end of FY22? And what 
are the steps we're taking basically to move away from impulse 
purchases? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think our contribution from Rs. 5 is close to 90% today and our 
target is to take this 10% to 25% in next two to three years’ time. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
Okay. And what are the concrete steps we are taking basically to 
move away from this Rs. 5 pack?  
 
Amit Kumat: 
There are two things we have done. Basically, we have appointed 
sales staff will directly go on A and B class outlets which primarily 
sales only Rs. 10 product. And secondary we have forced all the 
distributors to take minimum Rs. 10 inventory. Some percentage 
somewhere where it was 5% we have forced them to get to 10% so 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 10 of 18 
that the sales can increase. So these are the two steps we have taken 
to increase sales beyond Rs. 5 MRP. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
And any numbers you can highlight like in terms of our penetration 
in Class A and Class B outlets, where do we stand right now?  
 
Amit Kumat: 
I don't think we have that exact number. On the urban and rural 
graph, we have a number of around almost 50% urban and 50% in 
rural. In A and B Class outlets in urban, it is very difficult to give the 
number. But I think our presence have much better scope to improve 
in A and B Class outlets. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
And secondly, Avadh Snacks, Avadh is very strong in Gujarat, how has 
it done in terms of increasing the reach in terms of the nearby 
geographies basically? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
So, Avadh basically we have started in parts of Maharashtra and 
parts of Rajasthan and parts of Madhya Pradesh due to higher logistic 
costs and the bigger pack it becomes very difficult with the increased 
raw material pricing. So, we have made different packets for outside 
region of Gujarat and we are relaunching Maharashtra, Rajasthan 
and Madhya Pradesh again in Avadh. But we hope that at least we 
can get 30% to 35% sales outside of Gujarat in probably a year or 
two. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
Okay. And right now, it would be at? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
15%, 17%. 
 
Atul Parikh: 
And any qualitative feedback you can share about the product in the 
new geographies which we are trying it like Maharashtra, Rajasthan 
and Madhya Pradesh? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Basically Avadh is primarily in Namkeen and Pellet only. We are also 
putting Extruded Snacks line in Avadh’s Rajkot plant. So I think all the 
products will be similar, but basically when you go outside the 
geography of Gujarat and you have to supply in 500-600 kilometer 
radius, the transportation costs is very high. So we are trying to cut 
down a little bit grammages and on the pack sizes so that we can 
supply widely to all these places.  
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Vaswani 
from CDR India. Please go ahead. 
 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Margaret. Sir more of a suggestion than a question. Sir, 
in Amit-ji’s opening remarks, there was a bit of unclear line, so we 
couldn't hear the comments on the PLI scheme. So I would request if 
the management could just share some comments on the PLI scheme 
and related CAPEX over the next year or so? Thank you. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Thanks, Mayank for highlighting this PLI-related stuff. So we got the 
approval under the PLI scheme from the Ministry of Food Processing. 
As per the PLI scheme, there is a base year which is FY ‘19-20. And 
whatever incremental sales we have over the base year, we'll be 
getting incentive as per the PLI policy. The PLI scheme is for six years 
from FY ‘22 to FY ‘27. For first four years, the base year will be FY ‘19-
20. For FY ‘26 the base year would be FY ‘22. For FY ‘27 base year 
would be FY ‘23. The incentive rate for first four year is 7.5% of the 
incremental sales, for fifth year it's a 6.75%, seventh year it’s 6%.  
 
                                               
We are committed to invest almost Rs. 105 crore under the PLI 
scheme for capacity expansion. We already invested Rs. 20 crore in  
FY ‘22 and around Rs. 85 crore, we are going to invest in the current 
financial year in the combination of exclusive 3P operations and our 
own investments. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from 
Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
My question is on the growth outlook, how do we see demand really 
playing out on the ground? I mean, given that there are inflationary 
pressures, which is impacting consumer sentiment, do you think this 
is impacting a category like ours? I understand it's like a low price 
category and a slightly more value pack and it does not require large 
amounts in terms of spending. But do we think that in any way 
consumer demand is impacted because there are media reports, 
which suggests that the overall FMCG sector has got impacted. So 
just want to understand your experience in recent times in terms of 
consumer demand? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Till date we haven't seen any impact of the inflationary pressure on 
our demand. Our demand basically only comes down when the 
schools are closed, probably people can't move around. With the 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 12 of 18 
current scenario when the schools are open and there is no 
shutdown, hopefully, there is no other shutdown in the country. I 
don't see any problem in demand in our category at least. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Just to just to add on Amit-ji, in this inflationary scenario, we are 
getting the advantage of down trading. So since it's a lower price 
point, the Rs. 5 and Rs. 10. So we are although getting the advantage 
of downgrading. So we are not seeing any negative impact on the 
demand side specifically for our kind of product and price points. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
The second question is on our margin. So I understand in the short 
term, of course, margins can be under the pressure, but we seem to 
be confident of getting into double digit EBITDA margins when the 
situation normalizes. Now, if I were to kind of historically, look at our 
EBITDA margins, they've been in a range of 5% to 9% for several 
years. And given that our category is competitive, what gives us the 
confidence that we can break out of this range of single digit EBITDA 
margin to whatever the low double digit EBITDA margin? I 
understand we have taken certain productivity measures, efficiency 
measures, rationalized distribution, all of that. But given that we are 
in a competitive category, don't you think at some point of time 
competitive pressures will catch up, which will in a way somewhere 
cap our EBITDA margins, even over the medium term? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
That's a good question. But if you see I have said in my remarks also, 
basically, we have done four changes to improve our margin. The 
first and the second changes were reducing the channel margin and 
increasing the PTR. So these two margins have nothing to do with the 
competition, because if we remove the super stockiest and if you can 
save, let's say, 2% to 3% from the channel margin and 1% or 2% from 
the PTR, that doesn't affect the competitiveness in the market. Any 
other changes, like reducing the weight probably will have impact on 
the competition. But these two changes by reducing the channel 
margin and increasing the price to retailer has no impact on 
competition. So I believe these were the inefficiencies for last many 
years, which we have been able to remove now. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Patel from 
Equilligence Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
So, my first question is regarding our distribution model again. So by 
when can we streamline our distribution model completely like we 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 13 of 18 
have done in Delhi? Is it possible to replicate it in other states? And 
do you see overall this will add up to around 200-300 basis points to 
our margins? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think as I said earlier also, we have implemented this across the 
country, with exception of few places, this has already been done. 
There's so much pressure because of the raw material pricing. One 
fine day we decided two months back, that there is no way going 
back and we have to implement it across the country and we did it. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
That was done in a phased manner. So, initially, we started with 
North India and Western market and then we have rolled it out to 
Eastern and Southern market. The expansion of the direct 
distribution in Eastern and Southern market was done in Q4 FY22, 
more precisely, somewhere around March month. So the full benefit 
of that saving will reflect in Q1FY23 onwards. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is regarding newer geographies. So, 
how has been the response in some of our newer geographies that 
we have entered in last couple of quarters? Also, are we seeing any 
success there and how are we planning to scale up the business in 
those areas? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, as we said probably in our earlier conversation, that we are 
trying to expand market in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and South India. So 
Uttar Pradesh we are seeing very good results, especially in Eastern 
UP region. Still, we are trying to figure our way out in Western up 
and did some good work in Punjab. With all the distribution changes 
what we have done in South India, it will take another one or two 
months to stabilize. So the three target markets are basically Uttar 
Pradesh, Punjab and Southern India. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
Any newer geographies apart from these three states that you are 
planning to enter? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
There are few smaller geographies, which we are also doing right 
now like with Uttarakhand, but the main concentration is on Uttar 
Pradesh, Punjab and Southern India. 
 
Kunal Patel: 
And finally sir, any status on the Kolkata plant fire insurance claim 
anything on that? 
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 14 of 18 
Sumit Sharma: 
With respect to Kolkata fire, we are expecting surveyor to submit 
their report by the end of this month to the insurance company. And 
then we'll get the communication from insurance company.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up from the line of Ankit 
Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
On the tele-calling front we have seen decent success in some of the 
geographies where we had implemented this. So has it been 
implemented it across geographies or it is still implementing in some 
of the areas? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
We have implemented in very few geographies, probably around 10 
cities in the country right now, hardly 10% of the sales come through 
tele-calling, with all the changes in the distribution model and leaving 
the super stockiest that activity has been put on hold for some time. 
We will restart it probably after one or two months. But they are 
currently operating only almost 10 cities in the country. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, just wanted to reconfirm that the additional saving that we 
can get by eliminating super stockiest. I think that will say that we 
can save at least 2% to 3% on the margin front. Is that the right 
statement to make?  
 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, definitely, yes. From channel margin and by increasing our PTR 
we should be able to save anywhere between 2% to 3%. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, on the grammage reduction front how are you seeing some 
of our larger competitors like Lays and some of the large regional 
competitors like Balaji, how have they reacted to such 
unprecedented rise in raw material prices? How much reduction 
have they done on the grammage front? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
The grammage reduction has been done in line of the competition 
only, it is very difficult to reduce grammages on your own, but 
because of the high raw material prices, everyone has reduced the 
grammages and we have also done that. And it is in line with the 
competition, not aggressive in reducing the grammages. We are 
more aggressive in reducing the channel margin than reducing the 
grammages, that is the last resort for us always. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. But the competitors have also reduced grammage. 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 15 of 18 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan 
from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
This is again the question on your channel margin that you’ve 
reduced. So, I had a question on this. So I mean, was this channel 
margin high in the past, I mean, compared to your competitors? Or 
if they were not, don’t you expect any sort of impact on your sales, 
because you will be now offering lower channel margins just wanted 
some clarity on this? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
If you see the competition, most of the players are basically big 
players, but they’re regional players. Like there are few very big 
players in Gujarat, few in North India, few in the Western India, but 
they're supplying in their own geographies. So their channel margin 
was always less, their channel margin was almost between 8% to 9% 
and we were offering them to 12% to 14%. We have been able to 
reduce the margin because we have started producing at different 
locations, at different third party locations across the country. Now 
we have plant in Northern India, Western India, South India, across 
the country. So we were inefficient compared to our competitors. 
With this new changes, we have become little competitive in that 
segment. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Okay, got it. Understood. So in that sense, I mean, the distributors 
that you were working with, they were getting more margins from 
you, but now you will be at par with others. Is that the right 
understanding? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
No, no, we haven't reduced the distributor margin, the distributor 
margin is same. We have reduced one layer in between. So, if you 
take example of Mumbai, we have two super stockiest probably 
were supplying Western and Central line and they were supplying to 
distributors. Now, most of the Mumbai territory we are directly 
supplying to the distributors. So there is an extra costs involved as a 
super stockiest margin and the onward frieght, which is the cost for 
the super stockiest who supply to the distributors. So we are trying 
to save on that margin, we haven't reduced the distributor margin. 
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 16 of 18 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So I mean, just again, maybe very basic question sir, but is this the 
way your peers are structured? Or this is something that you're doing 
very differently from the peers? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think, if you talk about the national player level, probably we have 
done it very different compared to all others. But if you talk about 
regional players, they were always directly distributing because they 
were operating in that 300-400 kilometer area.  
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, basically what you're saying sir now, because you have a much 
wider geographical footprint, you can do this, becauseit will be much 
more efficient versus having a multi-layered structure. Is that right 
understanding sir? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Definitely, yes. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
The second question was sir, if you can talk a bit about your sweet 
portfolio, the confectionary part of the portfolio, we had targets of 
increasing that how is that shaping up if you can just share a bit on 
that? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
As I shared, the sweet snacks has been doing okay for us not that 
good as we planned. Unfortunately, the COVID hit that most because 
we had primarily targeted towards the kids only. So we are 
revamping that, we have just launched recently, one more product 
by the name of Swiss Roll, which is doing good for us. I think it will 
take another one or two quarter for us for the Sweet’s category to 
stabilize and grow. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Okay. Sir what is the percentage of sales that sweets  contribute at 
this point of time in FY ‘22 sir? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
I think between 3.5% to 4%. we want to take it to 7% to 8%. But we 
are far away from that right now. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Assuming obviously there are no disruptions going forward, I mean 
where do you intend to take it say in the next two three years? Is that 
a fair assessment or it will take more time? 
 
Amit Kumat: 
7% to 8% is the target for sweet and snacks. 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
In the next two, three years. 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 17 of 18 
 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
I have a follow on question, in terms of our capacity utilization. So 
just want to understand that currently what's the kind of capacity we 
have? Where do we think we can basically take the capacity 
utilization to and what would that mean in terms of revenue 
potential from our existing facilities? And then of course, we've been 
doing a fresh investment as well under the PLI scheme. So, how much 
can that potentially add to our revenues over a period of time? 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
So the current utilization is roughly around 60% on a blended basis, 
however, there are multiple manufacturing facilities. So for 
individual plants it may vary, it ranges from 35%, 40% to say 85%.  
 
Under the PLI scheme, we are committed to invest around  
Rs. 85 crore during the current financial year and we are planning to 
put up some plant. One plant we are planning to put up in North India 
as Uttar Pradesh is a target market for us. So we are planning to have 
a facility in North India for Namkeen and Extruded products. We have 
put up a plant in Kolkata, however, it caught fire. Again we are 
restoring the same facility and investing in the same plant. In near 
term, we are also planning to have one plant in South India, because 
currently we have one facility in Bengaluru and we have a 3P 
operation in Tumkur for potato chips. So we are planning to put up 
another plant in South India. 
 
                                               
I think with this capacity investment, we will be good for next two to 
three years’ time in terms of fresh investment for capacity 
expansion. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
So, just I mean over the next two years, if I were to kind of look at FY 
‘23 and FY ‘24, what would essentially be the total capital outlay or 
our CAPEX plan over the next two years? And would we have enough 
cash currently to do that or we would need to resort to some more 
borrowings? If you could just basically walk us through the funding 
plan as well. 
 

 
Q4 & FY2022 Conference Call  
Page 18 of 18 
Sumit Sharma: 
Sure. So, as I said in the current financial year, we are targeting 
CAPEX roughly around Rs. 85 odd crore and with this we will be good 
for next two to three years capacity requirement. For FY ‘24 we will 
need some maintenance CAPEX that includes replacement of some 
old machineries and some capital investment for vehicles, which is 
not part of PLI. So, for FY ‘24 there won’t be significant CAPEX, but 
conservatively we can assume somewhere around Rs. 20 crore to INR 
25 odd crore. So, both together Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 110 crore for 
next two years would be the investment for CAPEX. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
This will include both Kolkata and Bangalore. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, everything. Currently we have around Rs. 65 crore free cash. So 
we don't see any requirement for borrowing for CAPEX, that can be 
done with the existing cash available and the internal accruals.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Sumit Sharma: 
Thank you very much, everyone for taking out time and joining our 
conference call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of Prataap Snacks that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy 
