https://drive.google.com/file/d/1clOpRvcAcufw6c5kzIm38ea9s3FXJab7/view?usp=sharing
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1clOpRvcAcufw6c5kzIm38ea9s3FXJab7/view?usp=sharing

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Power Mech Projects Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recording uploaded on the Stock Exchange(s) on 23rd May, 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PRASHEEL GANDHI – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. KODANDA RAMAIAH – DIRECTOR – 
BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT 
- 
POWER 
MECH 
PROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. J. SATISH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Power Mech Projects Limited earnings 
conference call hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Prasheel Gandhi: 
Thank you Deeksha. Nirmal Bang Equities welcomes you to Q4 FY2022 results conference 
call for Power Mech Projects Limited. The management today here is represented by Mr. S. 
Kodandaramaiah - Director, Business Development and Mr. J. Satish - Chief Financial 
Officer. I now hand over the call to management for their opening remarks post which we 
can take questions from the participants. Over to you Sir! 
J Satish: 
Thank you. This is Satish here. Good afternoon all and thank you for joining the earnings 
conference call for the quarter and 12 months ended 31 March 2022. I have with me Mr. S 
K Ramaiah – Director Business Development.  
 
For Power Mech, the quarter and year ended with a very positive note. We have seen 
various developments across execution, collection and also on business development. Now 
Power Mech has got into a larger league, I think demonstrated our execution capabilities in 
all the segments. For Power Mech coming years will be consolidation and growth phase, 
last 10 years efforts for Power Mech in building credentials and competency started 
yielding results in all our business segments.  
 
To update you with this quarter’s developments before we open up the floor for your 
questions and answer session, the reported total income for Q4 FY2022 is Rs.905 Crores 
and EBITDA is Rs.98 Crores and the reported PAT is 48 Crores whereas Q4 of last 
financial year, the total income was Rs.760 Crores and the reported EBITDA was Rs.79 
Crores and the PAT was Rs.36 Crores.  
 
The revenue mix for Q4 is as follows: erection business contributed around 152 Crores, 
civil business including railways and water business contributed around 516 Crores, 
operation, and maintenance around 217 Crores and electrical business close to 17 Crores 
and other income close to 3 Crores. In the same quarter in the previous year, the mechanical 
business contributed 166 Crores, civil around 329 Crores, O&M 223 Crores, electrical 36 
Crores and other income close to 6 Crores. Similarly on year-to-date basis, the reported 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
total income for 12 months FY2022 is Rs.2728 Crores, the EBITDA is Rs.303 Crores and 
reported PAT is Rs.139 Crores whereas in the similar period for the last financial year, the 
total income was Rs.1900 Crores, marking at 44% rise in the revenue, the reported 
EBITDA was Rs.58 Crores and the PAT was negative by Rs.46 Crores during the last year.  
 
The revenue mix for 12 months is as follows: erection business has contributed 521 Crores, 
civil including railway and water has contributed close to 1290 Crores, operation and 
maintenance contributed close to 805 Crores and electrical business 93 Crores and other 
income includes 18 Crores and the same period during the last year, the mechanical 
business contributed 446 Crores, civil 687 Crores, O&M 661 Crores, electrical 86 Crores 
and other income was around 20 Crores.  
 
The quarterly and yearly performance remained all-time high for Power Mech due to its 
robust order book, strong execution capabilities across the verticals. This is expected to 
improve more on account of stronger engineering skills, construction management and 
strengthening second level leadership, in addition to robust order book. Margins are 
expected to improve in mid-term to our reported peak level. We have seen additional cost 
on account of COVID protocol, royalty cost towards sharing the JV credentials in some of 
the new initiatives and also due to price increase in some of our raw materials consumed. 
The depreciation cost for the 12 months remained flat due to controlled Capex spending. 
During 12 months, finance cost remained flat as compared to previous year despite huge 
growth in business and execution.  
 
Going forward the finance cost as a percentage and also as an absolute number is expected 
to come down further. The overall working capital cycle has seen improvement for the 
period significantly, the average monthly collection now ranging from Rs.250 Crores to 
Rs.300 Crores per month and which is expected to improve further shortly. The net current 
days excluding cash and cash equivalent has come down to 145 days during the year from 
194 days during FY2021 and 180 days during FY2020, so we have seen significant 
improvement in our working capital cycle due to business mix. This has resulted generating 
surplus operating cash flow of 177 Crores and free cash flow of Rs.135 Crores during the 
year. This is a good achievement in Power Mech in recent past because of the working 
capital cycle improvement. The gross debt remained flat despite increase in the business 
and growth in the order book and the net debt has significantly come down to 319 Crores as 
compared to 379 Crores during last financial year.  

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
The order book for the company stands at 8855 Crores as on 31 March 2022 and this is 
excluding the MDO order and if we include the MDO contract, the order book stands at 
18,149 Crores. Seeing the present market opportunity size, the company has set a fresh 
target of winning 6000 Crores for this year. We are very confident of converting close to 
3600 Crores plus from order booking to revenue during this financial year.  
 
Now, I request Mr. S K Ramaiah to add few more developments. Thank you very much.  
S K Ramaiah: 
Thank you Satish and thanks to Nirmal Bang for this call. I will update on what is 
happening on the business side  order growth and the new opportunities. I think as Satish 
rightly said there has been a 27% increase in the total order backlog  for the year from 7333 
Crores to 8855 Crores and that is a very positive sign. This  is strongly driven by the new 
investments as part of the National infrastructure pipeline and Gati Shakti and  we all have 
seen that is bearing fruits now. With COVID behind us, hope so, things are normalized and 
that is how the opportunities are coming up in a big way and we have done extremely well 
in the civil and infrastructure  and the EPC project business, the engineering projects, in fact 
the back log in this segment of 2584 Crores has gone up to 5842 Crores a positive of 63% 
in FY2022 and we have done exceedingly well with many new initiatives and that order 
backlog  in O&M has gone up from 1158 Crores to 1244 Crores an increase of 17%, of 
course in the ETC segment, electrical segment we are not seeing much of growth as on 
today because of the opportunities diminishing in Power Sector  and of course in the 
Electrical, it is more due to the lot of competition and pricing issues and we are waiting and 
watching and we want to complete the ongoing jobs. For total order booking compared to 
last year  of  4638 Crores and this year it is 4231 Crores and if you look at the trend in the 
business we have come out of the stagnation period on  what we had in between 2018 to 
2020 and now we have crossed the 4000 Crores capability in achieving the order booking 
and as Satish rightly said, we are gearing to get orders of Rs 6000 Cr in 22-23 with  lot of 
opportunities and that is a positive sign and in fact that will help us to build up a fairly good 
order backlog, with  background of the margins availability and a wider customer base. In 
fact, in Q1 so far, two major projects we have taken about 297 Crores one is the  coal 
handling plant is an engineering and construction job for 2x660 MW Khurja Project and 
Godda Boiler job, it was a job which could not be done by another agency and Adani Power  
have awarded the same based on our capabilities , and this boiler erection  has already been 
started..  
 
Now the domestic segment continues to play a major role  and obviously looking at the 
opportunities as per NIP the Gati Shakti plans, where huge investments are coming up in all 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
business segments, we have seen a positive growth on  the domestic side. The backlog has 
gone up to 8212 Crores from 6357 Crores up  29% and in international segment, the back 
log has come down now from 976 Crores.  to 634 Crores, it has come down by 35% but in 
the power sector, where we had a dominant position owing to O&M and in coal segment 
and all the associate jobs in civil and O&M and installation, there is a downward trend there 
with backlog of 3940 Crores  coming down to 3678 Crores, -6.6% but in non-power 
obviously the growth has picked up, what was 46% of the total business segment in the 
order backlog from 3393 Crores it has gone up to 5177 Crores of 52% . That is a very 
positive sign and we continue to look at those opportunities which are available.  
 
Coming to the O&M story it has been an extremely good year with major orders backed at 
Singareni 2x600 megawatts of 343 Crores, Tuticorin 2x600 megawatts of Rs.391 Crores, 
ILFS at Tamil Nadu Rs.51 Crores and we have made a penetration into JSPL Angul with an 
O&M  order of 56 Crores under material handling  package and another positive aspect is 
that opportunities we are looking for the shutdowns, maintenance, capital overhauls. In this 
export sector about 80 Crores of orders have been taken in the Middle East mostly and that 
is where we are  looking  at new future opportunities. Non-power sector is also an initiative 
in O&M, earlier we had taken Tata Angul  job and now JSPL Angul.  Another positive step 
on  O&M you see more PSUs  are getting the O&M outsourcing  done through a 
specialized agency, that way we have seen success in Singareni, and then KPCL and  all 
these jobs substantially account for our O&M backlog .  
                                               The major orders which we have bagged in the current year were Adani Coal handling 
EPC at 80 Crores  for Talabira Coal mine project then NTPC Kahalgaon,   civil and 
structure job of 112 Crores of FGD work, NMDC civil works of 57 Cr, Adani  Kodad 
Khamma Road  project of 645 Crores and  civil structural work of 345 Crores at Udangudi 
Tamil Nadu for the 2x660mw plant, then we have taken another North Chennai  FGD job in 
civil and structural of  120 Crores and a railway job in Baroda for engineering, supply and 
erection of  buildings structure 127 Crores then I told you about the Singareni O&M and the 
Tuticorin O&M  jobs  and the major breakthrough had been the huge investments coming in 
drinking water project as we know  which is part of 3.6 lac cr investments under 
implementation. We are already implementing drinking water projects for Meerut 
and Etah  and a new job has   fructified  for Prayagraj and  Fatehpur, that is around Rs 
1854 Crores. 
                                               This is how the orders have been taken in various segments and major jobs are 
progressing well. Udangudi job 345 Crores NMDC Civil Works, then the EPC jobs of 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
around 500 Crores we have taken  for first time where it gives a footprint on the engineering 
capabilities at Talabira, Kurmitar in Odisha and Khurja in UP to establish the credentials  of 
the company, we have done  about 20% work out of 200 Crores in Kurmitar.  . The Buxar 
job is shaping well, 176 Crores 13% we have completed then Dolvi is under completion,  
Dangote job in Nigeria is under completion 90% of the work  of  has $76 million, Maitree 
and Yadadri progress is on track . Maitree 855 Crores 65% completed, Yadadri 813 Crores 
35% completed, Ramayampet canal work 373 Crores 85% completed and  Sadalpur 
Railway electrification job, segment wise we have  commissioned over 70%  of work  
completed out of 350 Crores. Water projects we have just started last year about 128 Crores 
we have achieved, that is the good beginning. These are all the major ongoing projects and  
what we have done  as far as development  of MDO of  Kotre Basantpur  Coal mining work 
in Jharkhand which was taken last year, development progress is in full swing with 
acquisition of the land for the 5 million ton capacity mining operation from the Central Coal 
fields.  where the consortium PMPL and AMR construction have established JV of  74: 26 
as  KBP  Mining Private Limited and this is on track, the  next process is to complete the 
various formalities involved in forest clearance, environmental clearance and then going for 
the ordering of equipment and infrastructure development work that is around 280 Crores. 
Once this is operationalized it can substantially add to the margins and the top line. 
                                               In fact one pretty thing which has happened on the growth on the revenue side is due to 
the augmentation of the manpower  post COVID condition, what we had about 28000 
manpower as on April 2021 has gone up by almost 15% to 32000 and with increase in the 
manpower requirements for the O&M  there is increased business and also the construction 
business and installation, civil and various areas that is how  in  positive terms  the 
manpower deployment is happening for continued growth..  
 
As far as the opportunities are concerned at present, we are pursuing about 18000 Crores of 
opportunities in areas of the power sector, non-power sector, electrical, O&M and water 
business etc. One of the important development is  about the implementation of drinking 
water projects, at Bulandshahr and Etah where on the total of  828 villages , completed the 
DPR Detailed Project Report  of about 400 villages and this is valued at 660 Crores, the 
point is that the order value is given on specified item rate but on the  activities  of  work is 
done,  value can go up, so there is an increase of 50% in  value of these  drinking water 
projects where  in  we have done about 120 Crores  and balance 498  villages survey and 
DPR preparation are under progress and we are working with our Hyderabad partner 
BRCCPL These contracts have 6 months schedule for DPR work and another 18 months for 
implementation and  the percentage work involved with this is 50%  for the pipeline work, 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
35% with  civil work, 15% is the electromechanical job and the total villages  are  898. The  
new order what we have taken  for Prayagraj, Fatehpur is about 1854 Cr  and together today 
the company is sitting on a backlog of 2752 Crores of orders and 2752 number of villages 
and with DPRs  updated and the order values would also be  updated, the implementation 
will come into force and that is how we will get more opportunity. Another area  is looking 
at the  FGD opportunity in fact out of 1,69,000 megawatts of the installed based earmarked 
for the FGD conversion of Coal based plants in the country , ordering has been done , only 
for 40,000 megawatts   mostly in the public sector, private sector is yet to start ordering in 
major way there are 448 plants, 149 plants in the central sector, 166 plants in state sector 
and private and IPP sector is about 133 plants and we are looking at some of the key 
opportunities which  are  available in the private sector and we are  addressing with them 
and tying up  with the technology partner and this can bring    substantial business. 
 
The main business thrust areas will be that we continue to focus on the national 
infrastructure pipeline opportunities which is also transforming in a smarter way, Gati 
Sakthi integrated management model to fast track this investment and that is where the 
substantial of our order book and investment coming and with   new investments coming in 
mineral, coal and steel plants with our experience in the steel plant construction in JSPL, 
JSW and perhaps we can continue to foray into the new opportunities coming up with 
Arcelor Mittal group steel plant capacity expansion  and also  lot of investments coming in 
mineral processing and material handling, last year we have seen the success in taking two 
jobs from Adani group and more opportunities are expected, we are also bidding for many 
projects in that segment. The diversification into EPC has a good beginning where the 
company can acquire the engineering capabilities and that is where we can utilize our value 
addition services.. I think with this I would like to open up  for questions. Thank you very 
much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take 
the first question from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital.  
Aditya Sen: 
Good afternoon, Sir, can you please come back on the order receipts expected this year and 
the execution on the same, I think you mentioned but I misheard that, I guess, so can you 
please repeat? 
S K Ramaiah: 
Can  you repeat again? 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Aditya Sen: 
I wanted to know the order receipts that we are expecting this year and the execution on 
same? 
S K Ramaiah: 
I think the execution is on track as we have seen  with sales of  2720 Crores  and the initial 
order backlog 7333 at the beginning of the year 2021-22 and the addition of 4251 Crores we 
have achieved a sustainable growth in execution. Now the order backlog on today is 8855 
Crores and the new opportunities as I said in two orders we have booked so far THDC coal 
handling plant along with addition of 192 Crores and  Godda Boiler erection of  105 Crores, 
of total ofRs 297  Crores is there and as I mentioned, in this year our objective is to touch 
over 6000 Crores taking on the increased opportunities available in various segments and 
what we achieved last year we feel confident that we can achieve 3000 Crores in the first 
half and another 3000 Crores is the second half  and the opportunities are in  power sector 
5000 Crores then electrical business over 450 Crores and then O&M the it  is about 1400 
Crores, water  is around 1000+ Crores and the miscellaneous and then non-power jobs extra 
around another 6000 Crores and many opportunities are under tracking on the FGD, 
railways and material handling and O&M , perhaps the next two  to three months lot of 
order flow is expected and our expectation is that by the end of the year  the backlog will go 
up to 11000+ Crores with that the growth to be good in the coming two  to three years.  
Aditya Sen: 
Okay Sir, one more question, you mentioned that margins are expected to increase going 
forward, so what could be the possible reasons behind this and to what extent shall we 
expect the margins to increase? 
J Satish: 
The margins we were operating for 12% to 13% and  recent past like for various reasons it 
has come down and the major cost is like the royalty which we pay to JV partner for  
sharing the credentials that we have built credentials in-house now we can quote ourselves 
so that is going to be a significant amount, that will help us to improve the margins, number 
one. Number two, some impact of the material cost because of the price increase which is 
expected to normalize and the new fresh orders we have in built, so we will see that second 
half which will start improving, so in midterm we are expecting to come back to  our 
normal peak reported margins. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay Sir, can we expect it will be around 13% going forward by FY2023? 
J Satish: 
Yes, gradually it is expected to go up. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay sure. Thank you. That was my question, thanks a lot. 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from Aequitas 
Investment Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Good afternoon, Sir, just one question, our total order book how many contracts would be 
having fixed price remuneration and how many would have price escalation clause? 
S K Ramaiah: 
Yes,  all the water projects has got escalation, road project has got escalation and some of 
the other projects ,and  also major O&M jobs  we are taking on escalation may be 60% to 
65% will be with escalation clause and balance are at fixed prices.  
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay and these escalation clauses are linked to WPI, right? 
S K Ramaiah: 
Yes, it is linked with variety of factors related to labor wages, then commodity prices  steel 
price index, fuel prices , we are looking at all these cost elements and accordingly factoring 
in our new bids also. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay and on  our receivables, how much of our receivables will be from BHEL like in 
terms of base and how much would be the other segment? 
J Satish: 
In terms of receivable days BHEL is still around 80 days to 90 days but overall, it has come 
down, so BHEL used to be 90-90 days plus but now there is an improvement of 10 days 
coming down, in terms of absolute numbers it will be close to 130 Crores to 140 Crores. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay, BHEL 130 Crores to 140 Crores, right? 
J Satish: 
Yes.  
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Poddar from HDFC 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Thank you and congratulations on a good set of numbers, regarding this order expectation 
of 6000 Crores for this year, does this include FGD order expectation also and could you 
give some understanding that if you are bidding for private? 
S K Ramaiah:  
Yes, we are discussing and is  based on the tie-ups   with the technology partners and at this 
stage what I can only say we are discussing with couple of leading Private IPPs, and in the 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
next one month or two months then we will have more clarity but there can be substantial 
scope for the FGD orders in this year.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
So, this expectation of 6000 Crores would include FGD or if FGD comes that will be plus 
for us? 
S K Ramaiah:  
 it will include FGD also. 
J Satish: 
Yes, 6000 there are various developments going on, so to some extent we have taken some 
of the contracts apart from that if few more orders materialize probably that will be on top 
of this 6000 so we have kept two targets probably in a few days we will come with revised 
numbers, so this 6000 we have taken considering O&M, electrical, water and mechanical, 
domestic and international altogether, FGD pie a smaller component also we have taken but 
apart from that there are some other discussions going on, if that fructifies  probably it will 
add on top of 6000.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
Okay, understood and Sir this O&M would the operating margins be much higher than the 
other EPC business, if you could give us some sense how the O&M margins are and given 
the increasing mix of O&M, should you assume that that also will help you in operating 
margins in the next one year to two years? 
J Satish: 
Yes, you have taken a right point, normally now the profit margins are ranging 17% to 18% 
in the O&M pie apart from that now what is missing is the international pie where we 
wanted to grow in the O&M space too but last two years been bit slow because of COVID 
and all, now since 4 to 5 months we have been extensively travelling in international 
market, now that will help us to push the O&M pie and now one development is Dangote, 
the Nigeria where we have been doing the mechanical work now that contract is getting 
over and the customer has shown interest to give the O&M contract, that single contract 
itself will be close to 250 Crores to 300 Crores, so this O&M pie may go up with the 
development of the international also apart from that some of the developments in the non-
power too,  we are working in petrochemical, steel and electrical side and of course in India 
the public sector also like Singareni, Karnataka government in the public sector they have 
started initiating discussions so we got two contracts that may also add to a larger extent, so 
overall it will help us to push the margins You are right. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Alright and O&M is let us say about 25%-30% of revenue, so any target there that where 
would be end of in the next two years? 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
J Satish: 
See, next two and a half years, we wanted to actually honestly speaking we want it to 
double, so we are working in all the fronts, the backward integration international and 
domestic and all. This year we will conclude close to around 800 Crores may be next year 
we make touch close to 1000 Crores may be 2024-2025 this number should be double that 
is the plan. 
S K Ramaiah:  
Satish, one more thing in this is all this O&M contracts are also renewable. See as we add 
more new opportunities in the basket, what happens is the old contracts will become part of 
the renewal with escalation also  with about  1/3rd of the contracts can  come for  renewal 
every year and then the domestic balance in the non-power and all in the government sector 
and the private sector  and then the international business of O&M because in Middle East 
there is an opportunity of 120 gigawatts of  installed base  and where we have many 
projects now and many new  projects are under completion and that should help us to get 
the market access  in O&M , that is how last year we taken about 80 Crores of mainly 
shutdown jobs but long-term jobs, we are trying. Nigeria where we have done $76 million 
job we will complete in the next couple of months that is due  for  O&M after 
commissioning  and that type of project gives opportunity and that will add us to the 
domestic O&M business where we are  the leaders in Power Sector.. 
J Satish: 
Moving from a non- comprehensive to full-fledged comprehensive including the desk 
operations now we have built expertise, Singareni Collieries is the live example now that 
credentials will help us to reach to the existing customers and increase this scope to the 
some extent that will also help to improve the existing business from the existing orders. 
S K Ramaiah: 
Yes, one more is  the water business what has come in the drinking water, at the end of the 
project, there is a ten-year O&M contract , therefore all this drinking water projects once we 
complete it those projects will be eligible for O&M as part of the contract to be extended for 
ten years, so that  also add to the profile of the O&M on what we are doing in power and 
non-power, this infrastructure drinking water projects can also become a significant O&M 
contributor  say after  two years. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood Sir and any update on this contract with Coal India, are we on timelines and 
when do you see now it is starting? 
J Satish: 
This coal India MDO Kotre Basantpur mining project as per the original timeline we were 
expected to have the FC stage one forest clearance by November, but however the way it is 
moving, they are expecting to close by August itself, so that follows probably the 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
environmental will follow by December, so the ground activity should start thereafter four 
months or five months, so we will start issuing the orders and start working on the 
equipments and infrastructure part, so this is as per the timeline we are ahead of three 
months now, it is going well.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood and Sir this is last question, capex for this year, how much are we expecting? 
J Satish: 
We have kept a target of 55 Crores for this year. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
This does not include any contribution for Coal India order? 
J Satish: 
This year we will not spend anything except may be like all the clearances, plans and all 
hardly may a max of 7 Crores or 8 Crores, so we are talking overall of 55 Crores during this 
year. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity, I just wanted to understand firstly on this revenue 
I think 3600 Crores we are targeting, so any sort of revenue we are building for MDO as 
well in this year or it will start only from FY2024? 
J Satish: 
FY2024 will start billing the revenue, so FY2023 is purely the existing cash contract, MDO 
will start adding from 2024. 
Deepak Poddar: 
2024, so basically 8900 Crores excluding MDO, so we have taken about 40% conversion, 
right? 
J Satish: 
Yes, and we have kept a target of 6000 Crores this year, so we have taken a softer 
conversion, so substantial amount is expected to come from the existing order book itself. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct and next year as we close it in 11000 Crores and even if we assume a similar 40% 
4400 Crores and then 400 Crores of annual revenue from MDO, a 4800 Crores FY2024? 
J Satish: 
Yes, the existing order book plus 40% plus the MDO will add close to 120 Crores to 150 
Crores, so there after it will go gradually to 600 Crores. 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Deepak Poddar: 
Gradually to 600 Crores or 400 Crores, I think the MDO..? 
J Satish: 
It is going up now because being price escalation and all the weightage of diesel is being 
given high 55%, so that Rs.886 per tonne which we quoted now it stands at Rs.1350 to 
Rs.1400, so the prices are substantially gone up, so that 400 may go up to 600 Crores. 
Deepak Poddar: 
400 Crores may go up to 600 Crores? 
J Satish: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, ideally this mean the 5000 Crores annual rate may be two years down the line is quite 
achievable for us, right given the current scenario, may be it will start, and you will start at 
about 150 to 200 will gradually it will pick up, right? 
J Satish: 
Yes, you are right. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood, this is quite a fair understanding and on the margin front, now we are talking of 
12%-13% FY2023, is that what we are looking at? 
J Satish: 
The margin front, now we have got a mix of new and old order, old orders wherever we are 
giving royalty that will continue, so first half may be in line with what we are reporting 
now, so thereafter if we are seeing some sort of improvement gradually, so in midterm we 
are expecting the margins to come back to our peak reported margins. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Which is 12% to 13%? 
J Satish: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But mid-term we are seeing 6 months to one year? 
J Satish: 
No slightly longer, we will see post six months based upon the ramping up the water and all 
the new projects because now we are working in a situation where like the prices are all like 
abnormally gone up, so we have factored that cost and all but there is also a view that the 
prices may come down, so we will take a view post second half, so probably if this 
continues this year will be in the range of the reported may be Q3, Q4 we may see some 
improvement but surely 2024-2025 there will be significant improvement.  
Deepak Poddar: 
I got it. All the very best. That is it all from my side. Thank you so much. 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Moderator:   
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to understand regarding the royalty, so whom are we 
paying this royalty to? 
J Satish: 
We have borrowed the technical qualification from some of the companies, so we are 
paying as a royalty normally it ranges 2.5% to 4% that is a straight impact on EBITDA 
margin which we share to the other companies for sharing the JV. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay and now that we have developed these what we can say technical knowhow in-house, 
so they will not be having any problem and nothing on the legal front, right? 
J Satish: 
No, now we are directly eligible, so we have built enough credentials and now we can quote 
directly, so we did not borrow the credentials. So, this we have been working since seven 
years, there are some projects which started with 250 Crores to 300 Crores, now we can get 
up some projects like water, railway we can go even after 800 Crores to 1000 Crores in a 
single bid, so that is a credentials we have built  in house 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay and could you explain more on an order execution cycle of top four to five projects, 
how does it go? 
S K Ramaiah: 
I think in the drinking water projects DPR is completed, DPR takes  about 6 months,   with 
water projects about 2700 Crores and that also can go up based on the actual number of 
work involved  because these are all item rates ultimately if prices increase value of work 
will also go up. Dangote major job is $76 million and  I said 90% is almost completed and 
Maitree 855 Crores 65% is completed, Yadadri 813 Crores 35% work is completed and 
then Sadulpur electrical job 350 Crores 70% is completed, then the drinking water we have 
done about 120 Crores . 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay, thanks a lot. That is it from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the part of capital 
expenditure required for the CCL and MDO and what is the kind of EBITDA margin is 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
possible in this business and related question is that what is the opportunity in MDO you are 
targeting in medium term, is this the only project you want to do or are you willing to take 
more projects and if you can throw some of the opportunity which is available for FY2023? 
S K Ramaiah: 
See, government has got a policy of liberalization in the mineral, metals and then coal of 
course the initial lot of opportunities from coal about 50,000 Crores that was on the 
execution side. We had bid for a few tenders but MDO for which opportunities are opening 
up in coal side and non-coal there also we have to look for some partnership, therefore it is 
on a selective basis going forward.  
J Satish: 
Yes, just adding to Ramaiah Sir like we have taken a mid-size project where the investment 
is low by next two and a half years we need to develop the infrastructure full-fledged so 
once it is developed then will start generating revenue 152, will scale up to 650 Crores plus 
the escalation, so the strategy is like once this mine gets operationalized thereafter we will 
take a view, as of now we are not very serious to add anymore projects, we want to be very 
selective. 
Mohit Kumar: 
What is the capex? 
J Satish: 
Yes, the capex is this needs close to 364 Crores and we will go in a model of equity and 
debt so we may need to put 95 Crores of equity and it is a combination of we pumping 
around 74% and 26%  our JV partner and the rest will go for the project specific term loan 
that is the plan and we quoted this project assuming  IRR of almost like 22% plus and 
taking this new revised price the margins are significantly going up, let us see how the 
things are moving, so far very good development, margins are absolutely under control, so 
it is expected to go up further. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. Sir, can we expect a similar margin which we are in our EPC business? 
J Satish: 
So, our EPC is slightly now the new projects wherever we are quoting, we are not quoting 
anything less than 14% to 14.5% because our  tummy is full so we have given a clear cut 
instruction towards the business development to work only 14.5% plus minimum at the 
EBITDA level, this type of margins in EPC contracts maybe not practical, may be not 
possible now but e this is a specialized contract where we could able to crack and the price 
has gone up because of the escalation and all, but what will happen is at a consolidated level 
once the mine starts, our EBITDA margins will improve a lot because we are thinking that 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
in mid-term we are trying to come back to a normal reported margins of 13% plus if it 
comes there is high probability that the blended EBITDA may go up. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood Sir. What is the kind of execution run rate we expect in Uttar Pradesh Jal 
Jeevan mission project, are we expecting in FY2023-FY2024? 
S K Ramaiah: 
I think today we have got DPR updated for 666 Crores and perhaps with this we shall be 
able to achieve more than 200 Crores. 
Mohit Kumar: 
How much Sir? 
S K Ramaiah: 
200 Crores.  
J Satish: 
We need to close in two years, at minimum level this year we need to cross 850 Crores to 
900 Crores that minimum level we have kept, but there is a possibility that may also 
improve, so next two years we need to close it.  
S K Ramaiah: 
More villages DPR has come up because other order what I said 1854 Crores order,that we 
are yet to start the DPR, DPR takes six months then only the implementation  will come and 
update the ordering also on that. 
Mohit Kumar: 
What is the kind of opportunities you are pursuing on the water side; you had an 
opportunity to bid more for projects like Jal Jeevan mission across the country?  
S K Ramaiah: 
Yes, today our order booking around 2752 Crores in drinking water segment  and we have 
started executing in two  projects and we are gaining the expertise there and it is nothing 
extraordinary, it is not high end job, it is a matter of putting different groups in different 
villages and then controlling operations from a control  set up and that facility  for 
implementation is already there, that is where it is done and otherwise the macro deploy that 
we can easily get it done and as the investment we have seen the total investment is 0.6 lakh 
Crores in the current year with the present norm is every village, the average cost is one 
Crore per village but in reality it will go up by 50% because the items which are included 
for the village, number of the households and then how many places we have to provide  the 
tap water connections. Therefore even this present order what we have taken the likely hood 
of going up by 50% is very much there and I told you about the O&M opportunity also but 
having taken major portion in this segment of 4 projects we will certainly do in the coming 
two years also but we do not want to spread too much..  

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood Sir and how do you see the O&M opportunities panning out in the next couple 
of years, do you think we will be able to start it something substantially in the domestic 
side, do you think the opportunities are very, very limited in the domestic market? 
S K Ramaiah: 
I think that is very important question what you asked. O&M has got  many segments of 
works I mean power sector where we have established our presence in around 68000mw 
and operating 40 plant and we are seeing the customers especially in the public sector, 
where the availability of more than 80,000 megawatts are there, has not much has been 
penetrated there because they are still doing the old method  of operating with in house 
teams and ultimately they have to catch up with the tariff cost involved then slowly they 
will try to do this subcontracting of outsourcing the O&M also that opportunity will be 
available. NTPC we are doing about 100 Cr job in about five plants and we have taken 
Singareni that is 2x600 megawatt  in  a PSU . The other aspect is that the projects where we 
have completed in the Middle East is about 7000 megawatts of captive power plants and  
this can also open up  opportunities in O&M and then the two types of opportunity will be 
there, one is the shutdown and breakdown maintenance I told you 80 Crores we have taken 
the orders that we have and that segment will grow and then the long-term O&M contracts 
like what we are doing on AMC basis in India, that we have to figure out more in the 
international segment also with the expertise what we have gained and lot of enquiries are 
coming. I told you about the drinking water, the projects what we will be  completing at the 
end of the contract period O&M becomes part of the contract for ten years that will be 
another  major opportunity  and some of the EPC jobs where we are going to complete , 
perhaps O&M opportunity will be  available with minerals and materials in  coal handling, 
material handling  and also in  non-power sector. So, these are the opportunities that are 
there and that is where  Satish has given you a figure perhaps this year we want to target 
about 1200 Crores and surely we will double up the segment and all this O&M jobs are 
repetitive jobs and for renewal and that is where we do not have to spend again our 
marketing time for the same job because we have already established there and customer 
does not want to exit man power and resources inducted by contractor and normally they try 
to extend the contracts. Opportunities can be many and we are quite hopeful on that.  
Mohit Kumar: 
Do you think NCLT, we are stuck in in NCLT and they are restarting, the lenders are 
restarting the project with the help of NTPC, do they increase your basket of opportunities 
given that the if I am correctly there are couple of power plants import cold power plant 
which is supposed to start operations in Andhra Pradesh? 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
S K Ramaiah: 
Sure, I think that is very important, all NCLT projects wherever have gone are on shutdown 
because of variety of issue, the government is now feeling the shortfall in the last two to 
three months and they are working with banks also to fund these projects as to see how it 
can be revived and are also looking at imports of the coal. This should also open up more 
opportunities for Coal and possibly gas based plants O&M of such power plants. .  
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood Sir. Thanks and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Dikshit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just couple of questions, first you mentioned about the royalty 
payment, so how much would be the royalty payment you must have paid in FY2022? 
J Satish 
FY2022 could be around 1.5%, it used to be 2%-2.5%, and gradually it has come down 
because the pie is coming down. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Okay and my second question is regarding this MDO project, MDO from CCL, you 
mentioned that this 400 Crores annual topline could go to 600 Crores, so just a clarification, 
is it because the cost of doing the job has gone up or is it because the coal prices have gone 
up, I mean just wanted to understand that our revenue are linked with the volume or the 
prices of coal as well? 
J Satish: 
No, see our price is not linked to the coal price but our price is linked to the cost per ton 
which CCL is going to pay, the contract says that we will be paid Rs.886 per ton and that 
Rs.886 there is an escalation clause that is subject to escalation and there is a formula of 
WIP where they have given weightage of 55% to diesel, so because of that this Rs.886 
which CCL supposed to pay to Power Mech that stands at Rs.1400 today. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Okay, I understood. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference 
to the management for closing comments.  
J Satish: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call and showing the confidence on Power Mech. If 
anyone has any more clarification, they can directly reach to the management at any time. 
Thank you very much. 

 
 
            Power Mech Projects Limited 
          May 23, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
