 
 
 
 
May 27, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: ASHOKLEY 
 
Through: NEAPS 
  
BSE Limited    
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Stock Symbol: 500477 
 
Through: BSE Listing Centre 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) (ii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcripts of the 
Company’s Analyst Call held on May 20, 2022 to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
Yours faithfully,  
for ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
N Ramanathan 
Company Secretary 
 

This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
 
 
“Ashok Leyland Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Results Conference Call” 
 
May 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. JINESH GANDHI – MOTILAL OSWAL 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHEERAJ G HINDUJA –EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
ASHOK LEYLAND 
MR. GOPAL MAHADEVAN – 
 WHOLE 
TIME 
DIRECTOR& CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ASHOK 
LEYLAND 
MR. K M BALAJI –  DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER –ASHOK LEYLAND 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ashok Leyland 4Q FY2022 Earnings 
Conference call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentations concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you Aman. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services I would like to welcome you all to fourth quarter FY2022 Post Results 
Conference Call of Ashok Leyland. Ashok Leyland is represented by Mr. Dheeraj G 
Hinduja - Executive Chairman Mr. Gopal Mahadevan – Full Time Director & CFO, 
Mr. K. M. Balaji – Deputy CFO. We would like to thank the management for taking 
time out for the call. I now hand over the call to Mr. Hinduja for his opening remarks 
post which we will start with Q&A. Over to you Mr. Hinduja! 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Thank you. Good morning ladies and gentlemen, it gives me immense pleasure to be in 
touch with you. I thank you very much for the interest shown in Ashok Leyland. I will 
quickly run you through the Q4 and full year performance as well as some latest 
development. 
I am extremely happy to share that FY2022 has been a year of turnaround for AL aided 
by a strong performance in Q4. We have been able to post smart performance on most 
of the areas. Q4 was more a consolidation quarter if I may call post the trends reversal 
in Q3. 
I am happy to share that after 10 quarters our M&HCV domestic truck market share 
has crossed 30%. In Q4 M&HCV truck volumes have grown at almost 50% higher than 
the industry growth resulting in our market share going to 30.6% as compared to 28.9% 
in Q4 last year. Sequentially also in Q4 our M&HCV truck volume have grown 78% as 
against in the industry growth of 47%. Our market share has grown to 30.6% in Q4 
from 25.3% in Q3. Our April 2022 market share was at around 30% as against 29% in 
same month last year. 
I am happy to say that our Q4 absolute EBITDA has gone up sequentially by two and a 
half times in percentage terms also EBITDA has more than doubled to 8.9% from 4% 
in Q3 despite taking into account the full impact of raw material price increases. Last 
year Q4 EBITDA was at 7.6%. LCV which was on a growth phase has been impacted 
by semiconductor shortages but on a full year our volumes are still higher than last 
year. 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
International operation sales have registered a 31% year-on-year growth in Q4, 4173 
numbers compared to 3164 in Q4 of last year. International operation sales for full year 
have been at 11014 numbers, a 38% growth over last year. 
Domestic aftermarket sales grew at 14%in Q4 over last year on a full year basis 
aftermarket sales were up at 31% over last year. Despite challenging circumstances our 
operating profit grew by 91% year-on-year in Q4 and for full year. Operating profit has 
turned positive at Rs.17 Crores from Rs.400 Crores loss last year. 
We continue to generate cash and further reduced our net debt by Rs.1977 Crores this 
quarter. Debt equity is at a comfortable 0.1 time; cash generation for a full year was at 
Rs.1900 Crores. During the quarter we have launched two more models in CNG 
covering 14 ton and 16 ton respectively which should help in growing our market share 
further. In parallel exciting launches happened in tippers 4825 and 2825 and multi-axle 
segments expanding our range. I am extremely confident that with these launches and 
the continued expansion of network we will sustain the market share gains achieved in 
the last two quarters. 
The domestic M&HCV truck segment post the improvement in sales volume in Q4 
both on a year-on-year as well as sequential basis with low bases in previous 
corresponding quarters. The uptick in the economic environment post pandemic and 
the resultant improvement in space availability supported these improvements. 
M&HCV TIV have been growing since Q4 of last year and this offers well for the 
industry. There is still a lot of headroom for growth given that the fleets are ageing with 
average age between 9.9 years (as per ICRA report) and the announcement of the 
scrappage policy is a step in the right direction. Macroeconomic indicators put India as 
a high growth economy and an attractive market with further demand growth we are 
expecting pricing to be more rational, increase in steel prices which have resulted in 
significant cost push in the industry continues unabated in Q4 and if this trend 
continues, we should see margin depletion for all the industry players. The situation on 
the semiconductors is also being monitored closely. 
For FY 2021 - 22 fleet utilization levels were on the rise as freight volumes picked up 
thereby easing cash flow pressure for the operator. Russia-Ukraine conflict has driven 
the diesel prices up leaving the spotlight on the fleet operator’s ability to protect their 
margins through freight rate hikes. Freight movement indicators covering ports, rail 
freight, Fast Tag and e-way build volumes have all improved as economic activity 
picked up. 
Ashok Leyland even while growing market share sequentially has been raising prices 
owing to a higher input cost. What is good to see is that the retention of such increases 
is getting better. I must complement our M&HCV teams who have taken up a 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
rationalization of our network appointing new distributors where there are gaps to be 
filled and are also working to further improve dealer profitability which is crucial. A 
special team is working on expanding relationships with financials. AvTR modular 
vehicles are doing extremely well and have raised the bar on industry performance. As 
volume grows, I am confident that we will see the benefits of modularity. 
On the LCV front both Dost and Bada Dost are exceptional vehicles and have been 
growing stronger by the day and volumes are limited by the availability of 
semiconductors. Both these products hold immense potential for exports and are a 
perfect fit in our addressable market. Going forward the gross drivers for the bus 
segments remain largely favourable with increasing vaccination penetration, opening 
up of offices and educational institutions. This will add to our volumes and market 
share as Ashok Leyland is a leader in buses historically. 
Aftermarket and international businesses continue to perform exceptionally well and 
power solutions business which again had grown significantly in FY 2021 with 
constrained by availability of ECUs.  
We are also putting effort in reducing costs, both product costs as well as overheads, 
you can see the effects of this in the improved margin.  
Switch is an important initiative and I am extremely happy with the progress that has 
been made. Switch India is operational with its own dedicated team; we have received 
statutory approvals for transferring e-map business to Ohm Global Mobility India. 
We are in discussion with investors to raise capital both at switch mobility UK as well 
as Ohm Global Mobility India for the e-mobility as a service space. We will let you 
know on the outcomes of these very soon.  
Finally, before we address questions, let me ask Gopal to share the financials will be.  
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Thank you, Chairman. I think it is a very comprehensive introduction. I will just run 
through the financials quickly. Our revenues were at Rs.8744 Crores which was a 
significant jump over Q4 of last year by almost 25%, you can see the benefit of the 
operating leverage coming in sequentially also when you look at the revenue, the Q4 
jump in revenue has resulted in better operating margins. 
There has been a lot of middle line management, material cost management which has 
actually helped there, there were negotiations in the fourth quarter which also saw 
some volume discounts coming in. We were also able to reverse some of the provisions 
that we did not require at the beginning of the year.  

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
All said and done it has been a great quarter in terms of margins, in terms of the cash 
generation as we mentioned earlier during the year as the working capital was getting a 
little tight during the middle of last year, you would have heard us mentioned two 
things, one is that we would see the working capital situation easing off and the second 
one is also that we would be increasing market share from the 18.5% that we were at 
last year in August to September. 
So, we finished the year on the M&HCV with a total market share of more than 30%, 
the exit market share has given extreme confidence that we are on the right path, the 
products are being well accepted and our cash, the net debt at the end of the year was 
just about 0.1 times equity between the net our overall debt was hardly about Rs.700 
Crores. So, with this introduction now I will hand it over back to Chairman if he has to 
say anything then we can hand it back to the floor for questions. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Yes, I think we are ready for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please 
go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Good morning. Congratulations to the entire team for a great performance. Firstly, I 
wanted to ask you about market share I we have seen a substantial improvement in 
fourth quarter, you have touched upon it but if you could give us some more details on 
what are the actions you have taken that has helped this thing improved so much and 
also the CNG how much is it for us right now and how many more models are required 
to be launched going ahead in both LCV and ILCV or M&HCV space whichever way 
you look at it. So, for the industry what are the CNG mix and where we are right now 
and some colour on that? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
So, regarding the market share I think if you look back the last four- five years we have 
been at the 30% plus level. The last two years has been a reduction and I think 30% 
plus is the norm where we should be. What has helped us gain back our market share is 
definitely the addition of the CNG products as you are fully aware, ICV segment has 
become the largest segment in the industry and within that CNG is 40% of the market, 
so our product was slightly delayed but the market response has been very good. 
During COVID in phase-1 our network in North and East, unfortunately some of the 
dealers had shut down and it took a little time to get the revival done, this has also 
come up very well now and that has helped us to revise some of our market share in 
both of those markets the MAV segment is also seeing a revival which is going well as 
well as the tippers. But I would say above all, the products are performing very well 
which is appreciated by the customers and we have been able to push through the 
reliability and the quality standards of our product to the customers even more. So, I 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
would say those are really the aspects which have allowed us to improve our market 
share. Gopal, would you like to add on CNG front. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Thanks Chairman. As mentioned by the Chairman there are three-four things that 
helped to improve the market share especially in the fourth quarter there was a lot of 
focus that started to happen on the network which you mentioned about. That was a 
complete refresh, realignment bringing in the company’s dealerships as well. The 
second one is AvTR is proving to be a product which was taken by a lot of customers 
today because they find that both in terms of the build quality, total cost of ownership, 
fuel efficiency especially in tippers, AvTR is actually raising the bar. The third one is 
as we had mentioned the CNG products launch which happened in the early part of this 
quarter has been received very well and we have four more launches to happen in 
CNG. We would also be launching an AMT tipper another variant of non-AMT tipper 
because tipper demand is also expected to grow. Strategically what we do and I am 
going to finish with this for the next question, as chairman has mentioned we will 
continue to keep launching products and filling in the slot which is what we are doing 
in M&HCV, which is what we are doing in LCV, which is what we are also doing in 
exports. So, we will keep on introducing products which will help us to have a larger 
share of the customer’s pie. Very clearly our goal is to continue to build our domestic 
business grow the share, grow it profitably, grow the LCV business, which is very 
crucial for our vision of being a global top 10 commercial vehicle manufacturer and 
ensure that we also grow our international business. After market and other businesses 
have also been doing exceedingly well but we will discuss that later. Back to you sir! 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I think more specifically with regard to the launch of the CNG product, we have the 14 
and 16 ton that are in the market at the moment and during the course of this financial 
year we will have the full range of products available in CNG.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you. The second question is on profitability this quarter Gopal, we have seen a 
great performance particularly on other expenses we have kept them very tight, is there 
anything one-off here to call out and as you look through going ahead, we have taken I 
believe 2% odd price increase does that cover for the cost increase that you are seeing 
in Q1. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
As far as the expenditure is concerned the whole team has rallied together to ensure 
that we are keeping our overheads right to be candid, our administrative overheads 
have been at the level of 2014 was not factoring in inflation which means the absolute 
terms we have restricted it and you must understand that you are trying to post this kind 
of a growth and trying to also work on the distribution and new products costs typically 
tend to go up but we have said that we have restricted it and use it for the right 
appropriate purpose and hopefully we will continue this trend as we move forward. As 
far as the pricing is concerned, we have been raising prices, we raised it in November, 
we raised it in January, I think we raised it in March as well and we have done a price 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
increase even in April the retentions have been getting better and better and we actually 
see not only the market share going up but also we are seeing the retention going up. 
Hopefully with the softening in the steel prices we would see benefits of one operating 
leverage as well as better margins in the coming quarters but we will have to wait and 
watch. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you sir. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, previous quarter you had 
mentioned that the replacement cycle will start very soon and just wanted to get your 
sense of where we are now in the cycle, have we started seeing the fleet operators 
replacing some of these old trucks and how do you see this going forward?  
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
We are definitely seeing that as we mentioned that the average age of the truck is 
nearly at an all-time high of 9.9 years and so we are definitely seeing people coming 
back into the market especially the fleet operators and this is a lot to do with the 
government's initiative on infrastructure, road building, the replacement cycle has 
definitely begun. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay, any guidance or any sense you want to give us on say FY2023, how the growth 
for the industry will be and how the mix will move for the industry in terms of tippers, 
any kind of guidance you can give us? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I think it has become very difficult in estimating how the markets are going to go if we 
go by published data then ICRA has estimated anywhere in M&HCV growth of 15% to 
20% and LCV growth of around 10%. But like i said the important thing for us has 
been that how can we make sure between these trucks and buses how we are able to 
sustain ourselves and we have done lot of efforts during this down turn which I believe 
irrespective of how the market reacts we should be able to hold our own and continue 
the market share grow. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I think with the product launches that we are expanding portfolio especially in CNG, 
we would actually have slightly better growth, that is our aspiration because as we 
know ICV is now today about 1/3rdin fact 35% of the overall TIV. Within ICV we find 
that CNG is about again 1/3rdit's about 35%. So, you have anywhere between10 to 12 
or 13% of the TIV being factored in by CNG. Our CNG play has already started. So, 
we still need to launch three or four vehicles as mentioned by Chairman once we do 
that we possibly will see a lot more traction on our ICV side itself and with the tipper 
launches which is happening lot of infrastructure play that is happening in the country 
today are aided by the government initiatives. The more tippers that we have in the 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
market the better it is for us to get a larger share. Let us see and the play out on 
semiconductor industry, if the semiconductor supplies get better as Chairman had 
mentioned, we actually would see a greater play in the LCV. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right, thank for that Sir and secondly, could you give sense of your revenue mix that 
you saw in this quarter between buses, M&HCV, exports, LCVs? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Thanks. Basically, if you were to look at our revenues, while we can give a broad 
breakdown for the quarter, we have had a domestic truck our volumes have been 27 
158 trucks and domestic buses were at about 1417.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
I was asking about the revenue mix that you provided in the previous quarter? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Our revenues trucks were accounted for nearly about 67% buses was about 2.3%, light 
commercial vehicle was about 11.2%. So, if you were to add that about 81% of the 
total revenues were between trucks, buses and light commercial vehicles, the rest was 
the other businesses. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Exports and aftermarket and even the power and Defense businesses will seem be quite 
small. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes, right. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Great Sir. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan: 
Congratulations sir for stellar numbers. Two questions: Firstly, can you talk about 
demand trends in export markets, how is the demand condition in key regions and 
company’s initiatives. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Firstly, on the global trend there are a lot of uncertainties, inflationary pressures, but 
for specifically the markets that we are operating in where we are likely to see a lot 
more growth is in the African markets because over the course of the last 12 to 18 
months what used to be predominantly project sales for us we have established many 
new distributors who are very strong and have a large presence in these countries and 
with the added product range that’s available we should be able to start growing the 
volumes in these areas. So, Middle East Africa we feel we will continue to see good 
growth and the SAARC countries Bangladesh is still looking to be better than the 
others, I think Sri Lanka unfortunately got in to the current situation t but the growth in 
our product range and the larger network should allow us to see a much healthier 
international operation sale. 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you sir. My second question is on capex and investments. Can you indicate how 
you see the capex plan for FY2023-FY2022 capex seems to be lower than planned and 
on non-current investments there is an increase in FY2022 versus FY2021, is it mainly 
due to reversal of impairment or is there any other investments. Related to that for 
switch mobility what are the investments so far and any progress in the fund infusion? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
As far as capex is concerned as we had mentioned, we have been able to restrict the 
capex to about Rs.400 Crores. So, as we move into the New Year that I would actually 
share it and Chairman can add. We are looking at rebalancing or steady-state capex to 
be anywhere between Rs.500 to Rs. 600 Crores typically that is what we see happening 
over the last few years, we do not see a significant change on that in fact there is a 
larger thing that is being driven in terms of the overall manufacturing strategy to see 
how much more efficiency can we build into the system. So, to answer your question, 
we see about Rs.500 to Rs.600 Crores of capex in the current year. The second one is if 
we decide to expand the LCV portfolio we are in discussions with that, I think that 
would be a separate capex but then that would also bring in a huge separate capability 
as well. As far as investments into switch and other subsidiaries are concerned, let us 
wait and what if HLFL requires some capital infusion we are very happy to support it 
because for every rupee that we invest into HLFL, HLFL builds the book seven to eight 
times on it. So, it is something that we will be happy to support this is more for growth 
capital in HLFL than anything else maybe about Rs.100 Crores – Rs.200 Crores at best 
not very significant at all HLFL has been able to manage it through very well till now. 
As far as switch is concerned, I think as Chairman has mentioned we are actively 
pursuing discussions with the investors. We would want to ensure that we have the 
right set of investors in the company because this is a medium-term and long-term 
business and we need to ensure that the investors that we have are aligned with our 
thought process also, because ultimately we are here to build a very good business just 
like we have built Ashok Leyland. If there is any funding support that may be required 
for switch, for instance from the Ashok Leyland we will have to provide it and we will 
be ready to provide it but i think at the moment there is nothing that we can share with 
you. As the debt equity of the balance sheet is just 0.1 time we are very comfortably 
placed as well, certainly we would continue to invest in growth but we will do it the 
way we have been doing it in the past very prudently. 
 K.M. Balaji: 
As far the non-current investments it is primarily because of the reversal of the 
impairment position which relates to the Optare that is why we are seeing the 
investment value going up from Rs. 3068 Crores to Rs. 3500 Crores. 
Raghunandan: 
Got it, Sir. Thanks for that clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Ganeshan from SBI Pension 
Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Abhinav G: 
Thank you Sir, for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. I just had a 
couple of broad questions. First is that when do you think the current CV cycles will be 
peaking and second I just wanted to understand on the financing piece of our M&HCV 
and LCV part how much of the total percentage of the vehicles is financed and how 
much is done in-house and how much other partners do it, if you could give some 
colour? Thank you. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
On the CV cycle as you have seen there is an element of technicality in this business 
typically three to four years are seen as the boom and then we do sometimes experience 
downturn anywhere between six to eighteen months, this time it has been a little longer 
as well. It would be very difficult to guess when we would see the peak of this cycle 
with the growth commitment that the government has given it is very favourable for the 
industry at this point of time and considering that we have just come out of the 
recessionary trends in this segment. The next few years should continue to be growth 
years.  
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I would agree Chairman, if you think of the CV cycle and if you look at the large mega 
trends that have happened, over the last three-four years there has been a reduction in 
the TIV itself. OF course, one part of it was COVID. The second part of it has been that 
the impact of the axle load norms seems to have gained, so it looks like there is fresh 
buying that is going to happen now because the axle load norms have been used up. 
The third thing that is happening is with the push for green energy and so many things 
happening. Very clearly the larger corporate, chemical companies, oil companies, 
pharma companies, e-commerce companies all of them want to ensure that their supply 
chain partners which is the transporters are using the latest generation vehicles and not 
a BSII or a BSIII vehicle, so, what is going to happen is at the larger scheme obtained 
the government has announced the scrappage policy but this is more a hint that there is 
more to come and we would actually see a lot of vehicles going off the road of the 
older generations and there would be a replacement demand also coming in because of 
the trifurcation into long-haul intercity as well as LCV. What the transporters are also 
doing is they are doing extremely sharp buying, the earlier trend was to buy a vehicle 
of 25 tonner or 30 tonner and then start using it for multiple purposes but today it is not 
anymore like that and people are becoming specialist transporters. We will see a 
consolidation in the industry which is good for us and we would actually see that each 
of these segments can be growing independently. ICV driven by e-commerce, LCV of 
course because of the last mile that is the huge amount of potential that is being held 
because of warehousing businesses and last mile delivery companies coming in and of 
course a long haul coming in because of the larger growth that we are expecting in the 
economy. So, the core sectors are expected to grow and there is going to be 
infrastructure investments, road building actually has become even more ambitious 
with the government setting targets much, much higher than the 25 kilometers per day 
that they were looking at. So, all of this seems to be auguring well for the industry and 
of course lastly we have not talked about one important thing which Ashok Leyland is 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
exceedingly good at which is the bus segment. We were the largest bus manufacturer in 
the country and we hopefully will soon get it back but we must remember that the bus 
industry, the total TIV was just a quarter of the total potential. In a good year typically 
it is about 40000 - 45000 units we were hardly about 11000- 12000 units because 
everything was shut but now with offices opening up, schools opening up, colleges 
opening up, intercity travel would start because people will need to get back to their 
work and want to go back home and once that happens when the buses start to come 
back on the roads again I think that would also add to industry growth. 
Abhinav G: 
That was really useful and if you could just answer the P&L or the financing part. 
Broad colour if you could give? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
The financing continues I think there is a little bit on the NBFC side what is happening 
is that, there is a greater amount of restrictions coming in which is good from a 
governance perspective but I am not too sure how this will pan out in terms of 
operations. But as far as the financing is concerned, HLFL is very important strategic 
finance company for us because they fund Ashok Leyland customers both in M&HCV 
and LCV. But our financing is actually well spread out. so aside of HLFL we have 
deep relationships with other financing companies as well and HLFL is actually a full 
finance company, it is not like the finance companies that either car companies have or 
some of our competitors have. They do not end up financing only for trucks or buses I 
do not remember the exact number but approximately about 35% of the portfolio of 
HLFL would be commercial vehicles. But other than that it is actually well spread out 
in terms of two-wheeler, three-wheeler, off-road applications, loan against property and 
you have buy and sell down of various kind of debt instruments. So, the aspiration of 
HLFL management is to be a best-in-class finance company providing latest solutions 
for customers. For Ashok Leyland of course they are a very important subsidiary and a 
strategic partner for financing extremely strategic relationships. While doing that we 
also ensure that we are building great relationships with other financiers. As far as loan 
to value are concerned I am not able to say that there are any significant changes but 
actually the industry is moving to be a little less aggressive which is good, why is it 
good because then what happens the trucker can also be there in the game. But no 
major shifts have been seen in terms of financing, I think the collection rates have 
improved significantly, people are comfortable now. So, i believe that truck financing 
is actually slowly gaining ground. 
Abhinav G: 
Thank you so much and that was useful. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan P: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions: Firstly, on this electric bus now we 
clearly seeing lot of noise in the industry, lot of STU orders which are coming through 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
and we have seen some of the aggression from both the incumbents as well as the new 
startup companies. Now, just wondering what is our thought process there, how are we 
thinking about it, where are we on the bids with the STUs some colour on the, strategy 
around this electric bus because we do have a dominant share on the ICE business here. 
So, how are we thinking on this? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
We have now been operating the electric buses for two and a half to three years and so 
between Ahmedabad, Patna, we are also in Chandigarh and now we will be in 
Bengaluru and Mumbai. Over these years with the experience that we have gained we 
understand what the operational cost can be and what could be the right pricing model 
that we can get into these general condition contracts and since there are long-term 
agreements eight to ten years and we want to make sure that they will be positive and 
adding margins for us and as you rightly say some of these tenders are going on an 
aggressive basis. We are not going to be participating in let us say a price war, we 
believe Ashok Leyland and now switch has a good reputation and standing with the 
FTU. So, we will bid, but we will make sure that we will be in areas where we believe 
that it will be with a positive contribution margin. The other area that we are seeing is 
increasingly the private sector for passenger, for their staff transportation is now also 
moving into this segment as well and there we believe we could be more positive and a 
healthier contribution. So, in short I would say that a lot of aggression in this market 
for gaining market share but I think this would be very short term because in the long 
run I do not feel people will be able to take on too many contracts with very low 
contribution and running for eight-ten years. 
Gunjan P: 
Got it. Do you have any expectation how we are looking at the penetration playing out 
any broader industry numbers, what penetration can we see in next couple of years? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Well in terms of market indication we will be launching next month our European bus 
and we are already in the UK and there is very good traction in the European markets 
as well we are participating in many tenders over there. In the domestic market in India 
I think you have seen that not only the central government but the state governments 
are all pushing towards greener cities. To give an exact volume in terms of what is the 
TIV we expect I think it is a little early, it has got many tenders coming, CEFL had a 
tender for 5000, I understand that there is likely to be a new tender coming up once 
again in excess of 5000 vehicles, but all of them have a long lead time as well, so the 
delivery time frame is not always within six months they do reach out to 12 months as 
well, a little difficult to give you an exact answer on TIV expectation. 
Gunjan P: 
Sure and the second and last question from my side is on this NXT digital transaction 
that we did any: one if you could share thought process around doing it, it makes sense 
from the terms of keeping it out but does it also mean that it becomes independent as 
far as the capital commitments in future go is that the way to think about it this carving 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
out of Leyland finance and merging it with NXT and anytime lines as to when do we 
see this concluding? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sure, we have not completed the transaction what we had actually announced to the 
change it was more out of good governance than anything else was that the both the 
companies are appointing investment bankers to study the transaction so, we will come 
up with the details as we progress on the deal. The basic idea is that the management of 
HLFL is in discussion with investors and some of them had mentioned that you know 
they would be keen to look at an investment into HLFL for its future capital growth 
provided they are also looking at a defined exit. So, what we decided to do was the 
NXT digital is now a company it may if things go well both the boards approve these 
are all subject to statutory clearances. So it is at a very early stage but it is also kind of 
a company which could be an ideal fit because at the moment they are just sitting on 
some amount of cash and a very small amount of real estate which can be possibly 
liquidated we will have to study that but other than that there are no operating 
businesses which have to be merged, there are no post margin integrations to be done 
right. So, if you are able to do this it is a win-win for everyone I mean NXT digital 
Hinduja Leyland finance as well as potential investors who will come into the 
company. That is how we are looking at this three-way match. 
Gunjan P: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. I was just looking at April numbers for the 
industry right for M&HCV. If we just annualize that right and April being not a very 
strong month seasonally. We should easily be surpassing 30- 35% growth for the 
M&HCV industry. So, i was quite surprised with ICRAs estimate and you also guiding 
to only 15 to 20% growth are we started to see a slow down after the price increase that 
we have seen in April or fuel price increase which has happened. Can you shed some 
light on this? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I did not personally want to give you any forward trend but I was quoting what ICRA 
has given. April has been a stronger month coming back from March and hopefully this 
trend continues but there are so many uncertainties that are currently in the global 
economic scene. So, it is difficult to estimate but from all indications as I mentioned 
and with the high expenditure that the government is committing on infrastructure. The 
year is looking very good and with the strong growth that the government has 
committed towards infrastructure, we feel that the year is going to be very strong and 
especially in the M&HCV segment. 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Hitesh Goel: 
Great, my second question is to Gopal, Gopal if you can shed some light, see when we 
look at the steel cost average in fourth quarter is close to 70 to 72 rupees per kg where 
we are out right now on the spot basis. So, the price increase that you have taken in 
April covers for that and if there is any subsequent reduction in steel price will add to 
the margins, am I right on understanding this? 
 Gopal Mahadevan: 
Hitesh long time. Your question is spot on. The price increase that we are taking is 
about 2 – 2.5% will not be sufficient for steel price increases. Let us understand where 
we see the potential in this business there has been a price increase that has happened 
from BSIV to BSVI all of you guys know that, you are all experts. The second one is, 
there has also been an increase in steel prices which is if you look at it from December 
2020 to December 2021 and even now has been quite a significant jump and in 
between there has been COVID, where there has been a demand vacuum. So, the 
ability to raise prices has not been significantly there because there was no significant 
volume in the industry. So, unless you actually start picking up volume, pricing has to 
be done in a stepped-up way. Our price increases we believe to the best of our 
knowledge that our price increases have been higher than what the competition has 
been doing and fortunately for us with the excellent effects of our team we have also 
been able to raise our market share. This is exactly what we did in 2017 when we 
launched BSIV. To answer your question specifically, has a 2% been enough to 
neutralize the price increase of steel prices the answer is no, I think the first thing we 
are planning to do is to continue to pursue market share. The next thing that we are 
planning to do is of course to raise prices but to ensure that there is the M&HCV 
portfolio which starts to become better in terms of contribution. The third thing we are 
hoping for is that steel prices will soften and there will be price retention in the industry 
which will then improve the margins of the business even further. Fourth one is 
operating leverage, try to get a larger amount of share through product introductions, 
network etc which will also help us incrementally to have a better margin by having a 
larger share of the market. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Good. My question was more saying that if I look at the gross margin basically net 
sales minus raw material cost by net sales that are 22% today in fourth quarter you 
have taken a 2% increase in the first quarter. So, that would offset the price increase 
which has happened in third quarter to fourth quarter because that comes in the lag. So, 
this 22% if the steel price does not go up from here barring neutral mix would be 
sustainable right or there is some other cost steel cost is yet to do? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
It is sustainable. To answer your question, we are looking at the contribution over 
material cost to get better, unless there is a further increase in steel price which will not 
happen. The other thing that we are doing is also an astute management of the mix 
between businesses and within trucks also within the product itself which will help us 
to hopefully gain better margins as we move forward 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Hitesh Goel: 
Great. Thank you, Gopal and thank you Dheeraj. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Most of the questions have been answered. Just wanted 
to get some clarification on the exceptional items on the consolidated side because on 
the standalone you have a gain, on the console you have a loss. So, can you just help us 
understand what specifically you have done in this quarter? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Balaji you want to answer it or do you want me to take it? 
K.M. Balaji: 
The exceptional items are within the group companies, that is why you are seeing the 
effect of that is shown in the one of the group company essentially Ashok Leyland and 
when you look at the console level the impact of that you will not see in the 
consolidation stage. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Amyn, just to add what is happening is that we have written back the investment of the 
impairment of Optare right and then we have also prudently taken off some we have 
also in fact had another investment so that it also helps to rationalize the balance sheet 
this is on a standalone basis because this is the investment that we have in the 
subsidiaries which is being either added back or kind of impaired. So, there is a net 
benefit of around, I do not know the exact number but around Rs. 400 Crores or so. 
Now as far as the consolidated numbers are concerned this is nothing but the 
performances of all the subsidiaries and Ashok Leyland. So, we are having certain 
losses which were there is subsidiaries like Optare etc which we know that that is how 
it is. But as we move forward we are expecting that these numbers will start to reduce.  
Amyn Pirani: 
And I think you have taken some impairment on Albonair. So, any update on what is 
happening there and what is the way forward for that entity. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Actually Albonair has actually turned a little profitable but you know we want to also 
be conservative; Over the past few years if you notice wherever we find that there is a 
necessity to take an impairment we thought that it would be kind of more prudent to do 
that which is why we have taken the impairment on Albonair, we had already provided 
50% of it but we thought that given what is happening in the world you know the 
European market we said why do not we actually take this window and we studied the 
cash flows, so we looked at the future potential of BSVI in Europe etc. So, then we 
decided that it may be prudent after evaluation exercise to take the balanced 
impairment of Albonair itself but having said that let me also share with you and the 
Chairman may also want to add. The investment in Albonair has actually paid off quite 
a bit. The entire BSVI the exhaust system, the nozzle is actually the dozer is actually 
using Albonair dozer and that is actually proved to be a big advantage for us because in 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
the EATS viz., the exhaust after treatment system which is there in our vehicles, which 
has got the after the engine manifest you have the DOP, DPF and then after that you 
have got a few other parts in the system, there is one pipe piece which is the dozer that 
dozer design is actually from Albonair, so we are using that and that will continue but 
we said that it is a prudent measure let us take an impairment  on Albonair. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Great. So, thanks for the detailed response. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in the interest of time we will be able to take the last 
two questions from the participants. Thank you, the next question is from the line of 
Joseph George from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions, first is in 
relation to the NPAs in the system so if you recall in 2020 and maybe even parts of 
2021 there was fear that because of NPS a lot of trucks are getting repossessed and they 
will come back into the system etc. Could you give us an update on where this 
particular issue stands are the excess inventory in terms of repossessed vehicles 
completely flushed out and as a result replacement demand etc should pick up strongly 
if you can give some update on that it will be great? Thank you. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I think this is a very good question because in addition to the pressure that the axle load 
norms were creating because suddenly overnight you had 20% of truck capacity being 
available. We also saw that the vehicles had got reprocessed and they were getting back 
into the market. Fortunately, we believe what has happened from our own experience 
of the NBFCs is that they de-process vehicles most of these NBFCs are also not only 
taken a prudent hit they also disposed of the vehicles as quickly as possible because 
they also wanted to right-size their balance sheet. So, we believe that the significant 
impact on repossessed vehicle coming back into the market and naturally creating 
competition for primary demand is possibly over. This will continue as a cycle as long 
as vehicles are financed 95% or 90% from NBFCs repossession would happen but one 
thing is the level of repossession which was there in the past which was COVID 
induced is no longer their wheels are turning, there is a demand that is happened. What 
we are seeing happening in the industry is the deals which are happening more are of 
the larger fleet operators more than the first-hand buyer’s first-time users. That is 
because some of the first-time buyer’s first-time users are the guys who are most prone 
to, defaulting not the larger guys because they have their credit quality also to be 
maintained. Now as the market moves to a more demand coming from first-time buyers 
and first-time users you will see a little bit of the repo cycle happening but that is 
anyway happening in the traditional NBFC business. Believe that the assumption at the 
moment going by what is happening in the market is that the repossessed vehicle sale is 
predominantly over. 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Joseph George: 
Understood Gopal, thank you the response. The second question that I had was in 
relation to margin, so when I look at Ashok Leyland’s history with respect to EBITDA 
margin we have hit 11 -12% EBITDA margins in the previous peaks as far as the CV 
cycle go and i just wanted to understand how you all think about potential peak 
margins in this up cycle given that the prices of vehicles have gone up by about 20-
25% in the last year and a half following BSVI do you think the percentage margin of 
11-12%are still achievable or do all think of margins as EBITDA per vehicle, just 
wanted to understand the internal thought process there? Thank you. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Had it not been for the commodity price increases, we would have definitely seen 
coming back to the types of previous margins that we had and as Gopal mentioned a 
little earlier, we do feel that steel prices will begin to soften soon and once that happens 
there should not be any reason why we should not be able to keep a double digit 
EBITDA on a more regular basis. There are many irrespective of the external factors 
we are increasing prices, we are at the same time doing many cost reduction exercises 
internally both on the product front and in our overheads as well. So, the aspiration is 
definitely to ensure that we are able to maintain that double-digit EBITDA.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematics. Please 
go ahead 
Ronak Sarda: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question is on how the inventory in the system as it 
suggests the inventory is pretty low around 10- 15 days and given a very robust 
demand recovery do we see discounts or the net price improvement more than 
offsetting the entire gross margin pressure given discounts at peak have been nearly 15 
– 20% of sales. So, how do you see the entire net pricing movement in the next few 
quarters? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
As far as the inventory in the system is concerned I do not think there is any back 
pressure at all, this back pressure was there last year where we had shared with 
investors quite candidly that we would actually be going a little slow on wholesale last 
year because there is so much of inventory in the system because unfortunately there 
was a COVID and the system just shut down right and the dealers were left saddled 
with a lot of inventory and we do not push wholesale beyond the point you and we 
keep watching retail wholesale, retail dealer wise, geography wise, so that is the best 
and the most credible way of growing share of business. Now I do not think there is 
any major inventory issues that dealers are facing in fact you know there is demand that 
sometimes we are not able to cater.  
Ronak Sarda: 
Your response to the discount levels and price recovery please? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
As far as pricing is concerned the discount levels have at slightly elevated levels even 
now. The retention of the price increases at least at Leyland has-been very good. So, 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
typically we have raised prices say by, this is an approximate number but say if we 
raise prices by about 2% we are able to retain say about 1.6 to 1.7 net. Similarly, if it is 
about 2.5% we are able to do about 2.1 which is good you can never retain the entire 
100% pricing even in good markets, this is one part. As we move forward I think we 
may need to raise prices but as Chairman had mentioned we also want to ensure that 
we are growing our market share methodically and steadily. So, this is going to be a 
good balance between what our sourcing team is able to do with vendors, what our 
product design team is able to do on the product cost, what our front-end marketing 
team is able to do both on market share and pricing and hopefully the synchronicity of 
all of this will result in better margins as we move forward. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Just to add up what Gopal said, production from our internal perspective is not really 
much of it and we should be able to ramp up numbers at the market front. The only 
constraint seems to be on the semiconductor chip and as we understand in the next few 
months this should also start easing and we will always take a very measured balance 
between these commodity price increases and the availability of the chips as well but 
specifically as you said inventory might be on the lower side but we do not see an issue 
in terms of ramping up. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Got it. And Dheeraj a question on the electric vehicle business so, how do we see I 
mean you mentioned experience on the India side but if you share some experience on 
feeding the global markets for buses, for light vehicles, SCV versus LCVs, if you can 
share some experience on the global markets as well. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Generally, I think as you have seen the governments overall are looking at substantial 
growth everywhere and making sure that they agree to the COP 26 commitments that 
they have made but if you look at the electric bus business specifically leaving aside 
China the current sales volume is around 1.4 billion based on the studies we have done 
with Mckinsey and other consultants and this is expected to grow to about Rs. 16 
billion and when you look at electric light vehicles currently they are at around 
Rs.4billion and this is likely to grow by 14 times to 55 billion. So, the growth rate and 
the potential in these segments are very strong and this is equally distributed as that 
China specifically because the Chinese market has been ahead of the product in electric 
for many years but all the other markets from the US, Europe and also in many of the 
Middle Eastern markets we are seeing that they are now wanting to move into electric 
buses as well. So, all in all I would say quite a robust scenario going forward for 
electric vehicles. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you! 

 
 
 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
May 20, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Thank you very much for your questions and I hope we have been able to provide more 
clarity for you. I would just close by saying that we have shown in Q4 a strong 
turnaround and the year ahead looks to continue in this similar manner and we at 
Ashok Leyland will continue this growth as you have experienced in Q4 but in a very 
profitable manner. We will not be buying market share, we want to continue this 
market share growth and continue to grow our margins as well. So, thank you once 
again  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
