
Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LTD 
 
Q4 & FY22 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar – Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
 
 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you and welcome all of you to the Q4 
FY22 Post Result Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today 
we have Mr. Abhinav Kumar, who is the Whole-time Director and CEO 
of the company. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which exemplifies our judgment 
and further expectations concerning the developments in our business. 
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that 
may cause actual development and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. 
 
Brand Concepts Limited or Kaptify Consulting undertakes no 
obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
the future events or circumstances. A detailed disclaimer is also present 
in our presentation. 
 
To begin with Mr. Abhinav Kumar will quickly brief us through the 
performance for the quarter, for the year. And he will also tell us a bit 
about the business, post which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question during the process will have the option of 
using the raise hand that is present right next to the name on the right-
hand side. Any specific questions that you wish to ask, but aren't able 
to ask, you can put it us on the chat box. 
 
So over to you Abhinav, I would now request you to quickly brief us 
about the company and about the performance for the year. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, very, very good afternoon to all our shareholders and all our guests 
present over here. This is Abhinav here. And I do just start by briefly 
explaining the company -- though I'm sure everybody is aware about 
what Brand Concepts is, but just for the sake of reiteration and for the 
sake of anybody new joining in, just giving a brief of what we are. 
 
So, we are essentially accessory fashion retail company dealing in three 
broad categories of Travel Gears, Small Leather Goods, and Women 
Handbags, these are the three categories that we deal-in. And under 
these categories, we have various brands, some our own, and mostly it's 
the model is on licensed brands. What licensing does essentially is, it 
gives you the rights not only to market and distribute the products, but 
also the rights to design, develop, and manufacture the products, right. 
So that's our model. 
 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
We outsource our manufacturing to various factories, who do contract 
manufacturing for us. And we bring in the products from the edge and 
we retail it across all the segments. So e-commerce of course is one of 
the most important markets for us. After that we have our own stores- 
EBOs. 
 
We have premium branded stores of our own under the master of 
Bagline and it could be a specific brand store also. So we have Tommy 
Hilfiger as one of our brands, and we have Tommy Hilfiger Travel Gear 
exclusive stores as well. Then we also supply to all the major 
department store chains, like Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle. Then we have a 
dealer and distribution network spanning across a lot of cities and states 
in the country. So that's who we are. 
 
I'm happy to present the Q4 results in front of you guys. And I'm sure 
everybody would have gone through the results. So I will just quickly 
glance through it. So for the quarter ended, we've done INR 26.70 crores 
of sales, so almost INR 27 crores of sales, and the net profitability 
before tax has been INR 1.58 crores that we've been able to generate 
out of the sales. 
 
And for the year ended we stand at INR 86 crores revenue. Needless to 
say, I would love to put a point over here that this is one of the highest 
turnover that the company has done and I in fact congratulate all the 
shareholders also. That in spite of this being a COVID year, COVID in 
spite of affecting the quarter one very badly. In the last three quarters in 
Q2, Q3, and Q4, we have been able to bounce back very well and post 
such kind of figures. 
 
If I talk about quarter-on-quarter solid performance. In Q3, we've done 
about INR 26.73 crores, Q4 we've done INR 26.54 crores. It’s pretty 
much similar, unlike a lot of other companies, where they have seen a 
drastic drop in Q4, because in January again the operations were 
disturbed due to the COVID third wave, which was the Omicron wave. 
Thankfully, the wave did not do too much of damage, and our 
government and everybody was able to control it in a much more 
efficient fashion. 
 
So February and March saw a bounce back in the markets. In spite of 
January being a little muted, we were still able to almost touch parallel 
to the Q3 of this year. Vis-à-vis last year, if we see, we've done almost 
more than 30% growth. So, Q4 for 2021 was about INR 19.0 crores and 
Q4 in 2022 is more than INR 26 crores. So 38% growth over last years 
Q4. 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
If I talk about half year performance, our H1 we were at INR 32.9 crores 
and from there, H2 has been INR 53.27 crores, which is a 62% sales 
growth from H1. From INR 2.55 crore loss in H1 to INR 33 crores of 
sales delivered in H2, we've delivered INR 3.58 crores of profit against 
the revenue INR 53 crores. So, that's been the overall performance. 
 
If I talk about our Channels, so one of the most prominent channels 
more than 50% of the revenue contribution is coming from the digital 
channels, which is your e-commerce marketplace plus we do a lot of 
business directly also with most of the e-commerce companies. We 
have successfully established a very good marketplace business as well. 
So put together e-commerce has done very good for us. And so that 
thing now easily be the largest channel. 
 
I believe that it's a very healthy divide, 50% is digital and 50% is still 
offline. So that's a very healthy divide for us. And we expect that this 
will continue for the upcoming years as well. 
 
So, yes, I think there are certain hits and misses that I would like to 
share with everyone. So hits of course, I would say that we have a 
positive performance in revenues. Our offline stores/channels also are 
showing a very, very positive upsurge in sales. We have to remember 
the fact that during the second wave of COVID, it was only online 
which was operational, so offline was completely shut. 
 
So hence, the percentage of sales of e-commerce in H1 was 
disproportionately very high. So in H2, in the second half of the year, 
all the offline channels also have started doing very well. And we 
focused on those channels and grown them well, which eventually for 
the entire year brought down the e-commerce percentage to just over 
50%. So offline has been showing very positive surge in sales. 
 
We undertook a lot of activities or major changes to improve the 
working capital cycle, which has definitely shown a very positive sign. 
So, our working capital cycle has been improving. Hence, our overall 
cash flows have been improving, which has helped in achieving these 
kinds of figures. 
 
I'm sure there'll be a lot of questions on ratios and everything, which I'll 
answer once the questions are there. But, yes, again, coming back to the 
hits and misses. So better efficiency in the working capital cycle. And 
there's definitely certain misses as well. So supply chain issues have 
been quite prominent, it's an industry wide phenomenon not only with 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
us but most of the players in this industry, because of China not being 
very conducive right now with multiple lockdowns happening. We 
think supply chain has been definitely disrupted, so it's fair to say that 
we've in fact not been able to supply or meet the entire demand, which 
was there. So the demand was much more, hence, there is a potential 
loss of sales pertaining to that. 
 
So, yes, I think with this, I would like to sum up the Q4 and H2 results. 
And I would love to have more time for question-and-answers. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Operator: 
Yes, I think we have a question from Mr. Kewal. 
 
Keval: 
Yeah. Thanks. Hi, Abhinav. Just a few questions from my side. First, is 
that how many EBOs and MBOs are you having currently? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See MBOs would be quite a lot, because all your large format stores are 
also multi-branded outlets. So agile and then dealer distribution is 
another multi-branded store. So we will be present across more than 300 
point of sales easily across the MBOs and EBOs. But from EBO 
perspective, we have about now 28 operational stores, we closed down 
three stores during the whole COVID period, because either the stores 
were not doing good or the mall was not ready to budge and we had to 
take a call. 
 
So, in fact, we were lucky that we shut only two or three stores during 
that period. And we've recently opened a new store in Quest Mall, 
Kolkata. So, including that now, we have about 28 stores. 
 
Keval: 
Okay sir, in these 28 EBOs, how many are company owned, company 
operated, how many are franchisee owned/franchisee operated? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Bulk of it is franchisee owned. Almost 20 stores are franchisee owned, 
eight would be about company owned stores. 
 
Keval: 
Perfect. Got it. And in next five years how many EBOs and MBOs or 
point of sales are you targeting? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, I'd say in the next five years, we want to take the store count to a 
100. And just preempting a question answering that in the first row, our 
model will always be that 75%, 80% of the stores would be franchisee 
owned, and 20% to 25% stores, which are key stores would be company 
owned. 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
Keval: 
Okay and how many MBOs would you target in the dealer distribution 
network, because I guess that would be a major chance right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
If I talk about it with further couple of brands being added. All those 
strategies coming into the picture, I think we would target more than 
1,200 stores easily. And this I'm talking only in the dealer distribution 
network. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. Got it. Sir, next question is regarding the Indian luggage 
industry right. So it's basically an oligopoly industry in the organized 
market with three major players VIP, Safari, and Samsonite. So, what 
is your strategy for penetrating into this market? And how much 
percentage of the total market share are you targeting? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All right. So sir this is a market where -- yes, it has been dominated by 
these traditional luggage and Travel Gear space. But as we see, India 
(a) it's a young country; (b) fashion is catching up very, very fast. So 
we don't term ourselves as a luggage company or Travel Gear company, 
we call ourselves as fashion accessories company, right. So, the strategy 
here is very, very simple, that any other player, they cannot become a 
fashion brand. We aspire to introduce fashion brands at various price 
points. And that's how we aim to penetrate the market. 
 
Just to quote an example sir, and I do that quite often this particular 
example that even till late 90s, if you remember, watches were a 
timekeeping device, the watch industry was dominated by just one 
player, which was HMT. And the son used to get a watch from his 
father, more often a gift from his father, which used to be an HMT, that 
was the state of watches. And 10 years down the line, and 15 years down 
the line, watches became a fashion accessory. 
 
And today, everyone has two to three multiple watches in their 
wardrobe, right. So you will have one steel for your formal events, you 
will have a rubber belt for probably casual outings. So, we look at where 
the watches industry today is in terms of fashion. And this is what is 
going to happen to every category, every consumer category that we 
know. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. But Abhinav sir just to understand from you, even as in terms 
of fashion brand, or something that even let's say VIP has a brand called, 
let's say American Tourister, or Safari has a brand called Genie, where 
they are targeting the youth, where they have colorful luggages, 
baggages which are fashionable, so is this the only point where you are 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
mentioning regarding a fashion brand or is there something else also 
that you guys are providing? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sir, whether they had Genie or whether they have any other brand, we 
have to understand that our strategy is from a licensing point of view. 
Tommy Hilfiger, well it is a $10 billion brand, established over more 
than 30, 35 years, right. So somebody wanting to become a fashion 
brand overnight or suddenly, if you want to change your strategy from 
being a traditional luggage company to a fashion company and start 
targeting aspiring consumers, it's a little difficult task, it's a tall task, 
right. So, from that perspective, another aspect over here to think about 
is that this industry is such a huge industry and all we talk about is there 
are just three players in that industry. 
 
Whereas if you look at any other category, if I talk about shoes, apparel, 
watches, every industry at every price point, you will be able to 
probably name 10 brands. So there is a scope, there is a play of many 
more players over here, many more brands over here, and consumers 
have become much more discerning, much more demanding. So we see 
from that perspective that this strategy for us is going to easily work for 
the next five, seven years. Fashion is a one-way street. So if you've 
moved from Peter England to Louis Philippe, you will never go back to 
Peter England. 
 
Keval: 
Correct sir. I had one small observation. So I had done a Check-in 
Samsonite stores, and VIP, and Safari store. So since Samsonite is an 
upper hand brand, right. So what I understand is that once a customer 
shifts towards Samsonite, he then doesn't purchase luggage from VIP 
and Safari. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Absolutely. 
 
Keval: 
Right. So similarly do we have brands like that, that once they enter into 
other brands, they would not prefer to step towards the lower end or 
they would have some loyalty towards it. Are you planning something 
like that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So very good question, Kewal. So, let me answer it in this way, 
okay. Tommy, we have a position at a particular price point, at a 
particular brand positioning, right. So it's a little exclusive brand. I 
wouldn't say it's luxury, it's a premium brand. It's not even a super-
premium brand. So if you see how we priced it, we’ve priced it just 
below Samsonite. In India, Samsonite has been considered like if 
anybody who moves up the ladder, and they find that okay, finally have 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
reached Samsonite, and this is like the best. So pricing above Samsonite 
was a little bit of a challenge for us and hence as a strategy we priced it 
below Samsonite. 
 
But at the same time in terms of pricing, we are obviously higher than 
a VIP or an American Tourister. So what do we want to do with 
Tommy, we will not bring Tommy down either to the American 
Tourister level or we will not take Tommy probably to samsonite level. 
So, Tommy will continue operating in this kind of a price bracket and 
it will be a gradual increase. So, we launched a luggage, which was the 
most expensive luggage in our stable, and that luggage costs INR 
1,20,000 per set, nobody else sells that high premium luggage, it's an 
all-metal luggage, right. It was a limited collection that we launched just 
before COVID. And now, it should be that we've run out of that stock. 
And now again talking to factories that can help launch this again. 
 
Having said that, for us the strategy would be that if we have to take on 
the price point of VIP or American Tourister, I'll get another brand, 
again a fashion brand, which has the ability to price, get priced at that 
level, it'll still be a good brand, it'll still be a globally recognized brand, 
right, but price is lower. So it'll be a more inclusive brand rather than 
exclusive brand. And similarly, tomorrow, once we feel that there is 
enough consumers in the market willing to pay above the Tommy price 
point also, I'll get another brand over there, which will be higher priced 
than Tommy, so it will be a different brand play at different price points. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. Sir, I also wanted to understand that, so you're basically doing 
contract manufacturing. So is it only from India or you guys get it from 
Bangladesh and China as well? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Not Bangladesh, China yes in fact, two years to two and a half years 
back from the Travel Gear perspective or from luggage perspective, we 
were 100% import model. So nothing was getting developed in India. 
But actually, our teams have worked very, very hard. We worked very 
hard with few factories in India, to get them to understand the quality 
level that we would want, the design level, the design inputs that we 
would want. So doing all of that and thankfully now, India production 
has started to come. 
 
Keval: 
So sir what percentage of our manufacturing would be in India and what 
percentage is from China? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Our target is that for next year at least, India production starts giving us 
50%. And the idea is that in the next couple of years, if we can take the 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
India production to 75% to 80% and 20%, 25% would be those image 
pieces, those high workmanship pieces, which will still continue to 
come from China. 
 
Keval: 
Okay, got it sir. Sir, what are the terms that you're seeing between soft 
luggage and hard luggage's right now, which has more preference these 
days? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hard luggage is definitely taking much more precedence. 
 
Keval: 
So can specifically polypropylene or polycarbonate? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So polypropylene (PPE) is getting sold more, because it's a tough 
material. So the quality of that material is very good. And it doesn't 
break and while the mold is pretty expensive the per unit cost of that 
bag is quite low and hence a lot of PPE is getting developed in India, 
but we are also now developing our own mold in terms of PPE. 
 
We are launching a PPE luggage, but our main play is on polycarbonate 
(PC), which is much more susceptible to take much more better designs. 
So whether we want a matte finish and whether we want a particular 
grain to happen in it, PC would be used. It's a little more expensive than 
either PPE or ABS but the durability of PC is very high. So it's virtually 
unbreakable. PPE is more hard, so it doesn't mold very easily, but PC is 
very flexible. So I hope I've been able to answer that. 
 
Keval: 
So this year you plugged in INR 86 crores of top line in FY22. What is 
the target for the coming five years given the lower base and our 
industry itself is growing at a very high rate in India? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. So I don't see any reason to why we can't grow, so we are 
targeting the 30% plus CAGR in the next three years. 
 
Keval: 
Yes, looks like since last year you are planning to also increase EBOs 
and MBOs, so your touch points would incrementally increase? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So it will be upwards of 30% CAGR that we should be able to 
clock. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. And just, if you can just elaborate on your team also other 
than you who are the key people running the store? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So under me directly in terms of operations, there is a gentleman known 
as Mr. Nabendu Chakraborty. He's been with the company now for 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
three years. And he comes with an extensive experience in retail. He's 
worked with companies like Shoppers Stop for about 11-12 years. Then 
he was with the Landmark Group in Dubai. From there, he joined the 
Future Group in India. And from Future Group, he moved on with us. 
 
So Nabendu is the one who, handles the Retail and Operations. And 
under him, then we have Channel Heads. When it comes to the team, 
I've been strengthening the team since last year. So we have a Marketing 
Head who's recently joined us last year, she joined us and has very good 
experience of not only understanding a brand, but the digital medium. 
So we are very, very focused on driving the entire digital medium in 
our company. She's leading that whole digital transformation. 
 
So yes, in terms of the team we have, I would definitely say that I'm 
very, very happy with the current team right now. We have a very, very 
good team. Even in our Board of Directors, I don't know, we had made 
an announcement, we have a gentleman known as Mr. Govind 
Shrikhande who was recently joined our Board of Directors, he is the 
Ex-MD of Shoppers Stop, right. So of course, and that senior in the 
retail industry, joining us on the board actually speaks volumes about 
not only our relationships, but the potential we have and the kind of 
work that we are doing in over here. So under his guidance, there is a 
lot of new structure and new learning that we're having. So yes very, 
very happy overall. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. And sir the last thing, I wanted to understand how the 
trajectory of the company will plan out. So will we totally focus on top 
line growth, or we'll also focus on bottom line. So is the focus on  taking 
the market share only or focusing on the bottom line as well? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, no obviously focusing on the bottom line as well. So while 
obviously once you're targeting high growth, there are certain expenses, 
which you incur along the way, right. But I have always believed in a 
policy that, while we keep experimenting, I will never bet me short on 
any experiment. So we need to see a healthy bottom line growth as well. 
So our bottom line growth target is higher than our revenue growth 
target. 
 
Keval: 
Got it sir. Thank you so much, and all the best for the coming year. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Kewal. 
 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Kewal. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your 
hand or if there's an issue at your end, you can unmute and ask your 
question. 
 
Devdutt: 
Hi, this is Devdutt. 
 
Operator: 
Hi, Devdutt. 
 
Devdutt: 
Hi, Abhinav, how are you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Good, good, good. 
 
Devdutt: 
So Abhinav, when we had last spoken my main concern with Brand 
Concepts was that you're too reliant on Tommy like, what happens in 
that scenario, if say, Tommy pulls out tomorrow, then what do we do? 
And how do we tackle that? So that's question number one. 
 
And number two is that you said that you're planning to add new brands 
in the presentation that's what your vision is, right? So how do you plan 
to do that? Have you identified any such brands and are you 
approaching them? Are there any kind of developments out there, if you 
could just enlighten us on the same? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, to answer the first question, yes, you are absolutely right that today 
Tommy is the bulk of face, and it was sort of a conscious decision a 
couple of years back Devdutt. We wanted to first perfect one man one 
model very well. And once we've done that, that is when we're looking 
at adding more brands to our portfolio, because it becomes a lot simpler 
to add, once you have a success story, it becomes much easier to add 
new brands. 
 
So, over the next five years, obviously, the aim is that we bring down 
the concentration or the percentage contribution of any one brand to an 
acceptable level, that's the overall perspective. Again, having said that, 
what would happen if Tommy pulls out or any brand for that matter. So, 
let me put it in this way, Devdutt, brands like Tommy or similar like 
brands which we are opening up. These brands are much more sensitive 
to how you handle this brand. How do you market the brand? It's a $10 
billion brand, right? They will not bother about INR 100 crores, INR 
200 crores of sales here and there, right. So for them, it is very important 
to identify the right company to whom giving the brand as a license is 
okay. That's the most difficult part, most difficult decision that they 
make. Once they have made that decision, it's like a marriage. It doesn't 
end so fast. 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
That's how the case is everywhere across the world. So, India is still at 
a very, very nascent stage. And it gives us as Brand Concepts a definite 
advantage, because we are at a pole position. We have the early mover 
advantage, there is nobody like us today. And again, if you look at, if I 
have to explain what Brand Concepts is, we are just like Reliance 
Brands, we are like Madura Brands, it just that they are in apparel and 
I'm in accessories, that's the difference. 
 
So Reliance doesn't own all these brands, but they have license 
agreements, franchisee agreements, and it continues for a very, very 
long time, right. So again, another example for Tommy, watches. The 
licensee is Titan Industries, right? So you have such kind of licensees, 
you have such kind of pedigree, these brands don't change their partners 
very easily, number one. 
 
Now on your second question, you actually cornered me well, so yes, 
we have identified a few brands. I wouldn't be able to take the name of 
the brand, but we're pretty much in an advanced stage of the contract. 
So hopefully, by everybody's good wishes here, we should be able to 
sign up a new brand pretty soon. So we're in talks with almost two to 
three brands and the idea here is very, very clear. 
 
We will not be looking at an Indian brand, number one. Number two, 
so the brand has to be an international brand well established in India 
and widely present also. So the recall has to be very good. So once a 
brand fits all these criteria's, we get proposals for brands every day, 
right. There are a lot of brands that I keep saying no, because they don't 
mark all these criterias. So the two or three brands that I right now spoke 
about one of them, we are at like mid stages 
 
So that's where we are with the brands, hopefully. So this year, one of 
our targets is that we will add one to two new brands, two new brands, 
at least we will sign this year. I hope I've answered your question. 
 
Devdutt: 
Yes, I understood. So then like these brands, would obviously, it took 
you a while to build Tommy, right like it took you about four to five 
years to actually get Tommy to do the kind of numbers that they're 
doing today. Obviously, getting a new brand on board, it won't take you 
that much time, because that was the first time you were doing this. So 
it was kind of like a learning curve or learning experience. But so 
hypothetically, where do you see Tommy over the next three to four 
years, and this 30% CAGR that you've mentioned that you would like 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
to do, what percentage of that can come from Tommy and what 
percentage are you intending to get from, say new brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So yes, you're absolutely right that the new brands we will not take as 
much time. The initial development period for any brand is about eight 
to nine months, right. You get into design, you get into understanding 
the brand. The design guidelines are shared, products are at first, the 
Computer Aided Design (CAD) is made, approvals happen. So the 
initial cycle is a little long. 
 
Once we are pass that initial cycle, post that the growth has to be or 
would be very steep, right. So it will climb quite fast. So it's actually a 
very, very good question from the perspective that in the next three 
years, where do we see Tommy vis-à-vis the other brands. So Tommy, 
I think in Travel Gear, we still have the potential to grow upwards of 
20% CAGR. In Small Leather Goods, I think, which is a fairly heavy, 
large business for us, and smaller business in fact, we are the category 
leaders. So we have been the number one brand in Shoppers Stop, 
Lifestyle and across everywhere. 
 
For the past three, four, five years, we've been the number one brand 
and that category continues to amaze me, it continues to grow like 
anything, but I would still peg that growth anywhere between 15% to 
20%. And in the new brands, I definitely see that we can, I would love 
to initially, I think I'm not talking about the first year. So if I take second 
year as the base year, we can easily grow at a 40-50% CAGR for the 
next five years. 
 
Devdutt: 
Okay, okay. Understood. And sorry, one last question. So noticed that 
the interest cost is quite high. And I assume that's mostly from working 
capital requirements for Lifestyle and Shoppers Stop. So how do we see 
this going forward like do you plan to do much about this like how do 
you plan to reduce interest cost, because if you just had to reduce the 
interest cost by half, your profits can grow exponentially like this is the 
something I've seen. So any thoughts on that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so if you see, the opening long-term plus short-term liabilities, all 
loans put together for this year was about INR 29 crores right, and we've 
closed at INR 24 crores, so we've actually paid off almost INR 4.82 
crores of long-term plus short-term debt, right. And hence, you see a 
difference happening between Q3 interest costs and Q4 interest costs 
also, right. So in spite of growing not taking on any further debt, we've 
still been able to repay this kind of debt, which means that the overall 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
model of cash flow, what we figured out has started working very well 
for us, right. 
 
So our cash flows model has definitely increased. So going forward, the 
outlook is that yes, we aim to reduce the interest costs, not only as a 
percentage, but also as an absolute figure. You will see those costs 
coming down. And from a growth perspective it is relying more on non-
fund-based financing activities, financing activities of LCs and all of 
that, rather than only fund-based activities. And then of course, once the 
time is right, you start meeting your growth requirements through 
equity. So, I hope I've been able to answer your question. 
 
Devdutt: 
Yeah, yeah, that's all from my side. Thank you so much, Abhinav. And 
great set of numbers by the way. 
 
Devdutt: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I'm very, very pleasantly surprised onwards and upwards. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. Yes. 
 
Operator: 
Yeah, anybody else who would like to ask a question. Raj, you may go 
ahead. 
 
Raj: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raj. 
 
Raj: 
Yeah, so my first question would be where does Tommy as a brand and 
in terms of pricing place us versus VIP and Samsonite? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Somewhere between 20% to 30% more premium than VIP and we are 
about 15% to 20% odd lower than Samsonite. So if I may give you an 
actual indication in terms of a cabin size luggage, so VIP under their 
brand has Skybags also, which is in even lower price point, right. And 
in fact, their major growth story is coming from Skybags. 
 
So, VIP is a brand if you see, you will get a cabin for somewhere around 
INR 4,000 to INR 5,000 for a cabin. Samsonite cabin is anywhere 
between upwards of INR 10,000. So INR 10,000-12,000 is what we get 
a Samsonite cabin for. And Tommy cabin average price you will get it 
for about INR 7,000 to 8,000. So that's how we are priced today, 
American Tourister and VIP Skybags these are all about say INR 5,000, 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
INR 4,000. Safari then comes at about INR 3,500. So, that's the kind of 
pricing strategy which is there. 
 
Raj: 
Right, right. Okay and what could be the potential market size or the 
target market size for Tommy luggage as well as for men's accessories? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See according to certain studies, pre-COVID this was INR 24,000 crore 
industry, which includes your backpack, includes your luggage, 
includes all of it. So, the industry size is about INR 24,000 crores. Out 
of those INR 24,000 crores, INR 4,000 crores was sort of organized 
with VIP, about INR 1,800 crores Samsonite, South Asia group 
including American Tourister and everyone, they were about INR 1,200 
odd crores. Safari was about INR 600 crores and the rest INR 400 
crores, it was us, Delci and all these brands Giordano whatever other 
brands over there, we figured out in that. 
 
So overall, the industry sales are very big. If I talk about, what are the 
percentage that I would love to take or own whatever, even if I do not 
look at right now the unorganized market, and then look at the 
organized market and even if it continues growing by a 16% CAGR, it 
will be more than double itself in the next five years, right. So we're 
looking at anywhere around INR 7,000 crores to INR 8,000 crores from 
the organized industry. Even if I look at 5% share from that industry 
perspective, I think we still talking about INR 350 crores to INR 400 
crores if you know, as size from probably one brand. 
 
So I'm not saying that I'm giving this guidance in terms of numbers, but 
what I'm trying to answer here is that the potential of this particular 
category of accessories of Travel Gear, of Small Leather Goods in India 
is huge, humongous. So, I see no rhyme or reason why as Tommy or 
whether the other brands that why we should not be able to grow at 30% 
plus CAGR for the next three, four years. 
 
Raj: 
Right. Okay, sir one more question. So, what would your strategy be 
with the two brands Vertical and Sugarush like how big do you expect 
these three brands to become in size over the next three to four years 
sir? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See Sugarush, Vertical, they're our own brands, and so while everyone 
loves their own baby, but as a businessman, I can't be too emotional to 
them, right. So we will not spend on trying to build that brand burning 
crores and crores only in marketing, just to build that brand. That's not 
the strategy. So, yes, we will continue to innovate in terms of a great 
product. We will continue to innovate, we will continue to have a good 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
handwriting for the brand. And we will continue to invest into the 
brands. 
 
Again, not betting a short on it, but a reasonable amount. So that slowly 
and steadily along with the other brands that we distribute. It will be a 
little slow process, but it'll be a steady process where we are able to 
establish these brands in the mind of the consumer. It's very easy to just 
sign up a celebrity for INR 4 crores and burn another INR 6 crores 
towards marketing and do a big splash. But probably I don't have that 
ideology. So, we will continue to invest in the brands to continue to 
grow. So I'll be happy to see if in the next three to five years that when 
you start coming from our own brands, I'll be happy with that figure 
itself. 
 
Raj: 
Okay, got it. Looking at the financials, so in the point of sales growth, 
there is a sharp drop in the numbers of CFS sales points like from 276 
Cr in FY21 to 271 Cr this year. So what would be the reason for that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sir, I'll tell you. See CFS for us essentially means company flagship 
stores. So like, for example, Tommy apparel stores are there. So being 
the exclusive licensee in any brand that we reveal with, we generally 
take the exclusivity, right. So even their stores, if they have to sell a belt 
or a wallet or a bag or a backpack, they have to buy from us, right. So 
we supply to them as well. So we had the license of AND, Global Desi 
and House of Anita Dongre and we've let go of that license in this year, 
right. 
 
So we were also supplying to all the HOAD stores, so they had more 
than 200 stores, which we were supplying to. So hence that number has 
been reduced because we stopped supplying to those stores because 
we've let go of those brands, discontinued the license. 
 
Raj: 
If you could tell us a little bit more about your investment in the 
wellness venture? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It's still at a very, very nascent stage. But I think more than revenues 
tomorrow, gross margins in that business are very good. And it's a very 
new age, a new age treatment, so it's more, rather than calling it a 
treatment, it's basically a microcurrent patent. And it's a very lifestyle 
thing. So the women upwards of 30, 35 years of age with a high 
disposable income, probably a wife of a businessman or investors like 
you guys, who have to attend to a lot of social parties, a lot of social 
gatherings, and wants to obviously look good. Everybody wants to look 
good, right. 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
So it's a device, which, if you just take one facial from the device, you 
see a mark difference, a mark change in that before and after. So just 
been with all these statutory regulations of FDI and all that happening. 
The operations only have started from December, January. January is 
when we started the operations, we started the sort of marketing in terms 
of promoting the website, started participating. In fact, the first event 
that will be participating would be next month, they'll be the first on 
ground activity, first on ground event that we'd be participating in. 
 
But it'll be interesting to see, it's a very high margin business, it might 
take a little time in the beginning, but say in a 3-5 years horizon, I think 
it'll be very profitable. It should be a very profitable venture. 
 
Raj: 
So in your revenue breakup slide might be, I can see that the 
government business featuring for the first time, though it's like a small 
percentage, can you just throw some light on what the government 
business is exactly? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, in fact, the government business would have been much higher. In 
fact, I counted in one of the misses for this year. So we wanted to get 
into the canteen business. And so we already started the Police canteens. 
So the sales that you start seeing over here is the Central Police Canteen. 
And we are pending the last leg of approval in the canteen stores 
department, which is the army, the defense canteens. 
 
So sadly, due to COVID, the PNCs were not happening. The 
committees was not meeting to review, taking new brands. In fact, I can 
share the development till day. I don't know because hence you're 
dealing with a government machinery, you can never be sure. Hence 
please don't quote me on this. But till now, the overall journey has been 
good with the defense canteen as well. 
  
In fact, we were pleasantly surprised that we put up some 21 sort of 
indexes, so they call excuse price points or that they call indexes. So we 
put up three files, maximum index that you can put up in one file is 
seven. So we put up three files, 21 indexes, and we were hoping that we 
will get an approval of 14, 15, because that's generally the success rate. 
 
And our consultant was pleasantly surprised and he said that sir, in my 
entire tenure, this is the first time that I see that they have not shot down 
a single index. So all 21 indexes were approved. And in fact, when we 
had the final call with very senior executives over there, and they were 
like, why are you launching only luggage? Why not the rest of ranges, 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
I said, sir, we will come with the rest of the ranges as well. We would 
love to give our products to the defense personnel, because we believe 
that as a company, we should be doing that. 
 
And so it just that one last bit of process is still pending. It's taking its 
own sweet time. So once that is true, we'll start seeing a healthy 
contribution coming from the government business. 
 
Raj: 
Okay, so just to my last question, in your ‘way forward’ slide, you talk 
about setting up your own luggage manufacturing. So if you could tell 
us a little bit more about that, and the process to get into the 
manufacturing into the existing business? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Supply chain has been a constant piece of worry for us, and we have 
been contemplating though, I wouldn't say that there are any firm plans 
already, but we have been contemplating that. When we are sitting with 
the factories, explaining them the entire process, sitting down with 
them, working with them, to take them through the entire quality control 
process, the alignments, everything. So we already have sort of the 
know-how, and of course the background of the group also has gone 
into manufacturing. 
 
So for us taking that on from what you call, a domain knowledge or a 
domain experience perspective, we have all that enough. That's not a 
big challenge. So, but yes, the idea is, should we be putting the money 
behind setting up a manufacturing unit or should we be putting the 
money behind increasing our sales reach? So that's the sort of equation 
that we still need to answer. So it's a thought in process. I wouldn't say 
that, we neither entered into an agreement with anyone nor it's like 
we've started scouting for places, or labs or machinery or whatever. But 
yes, it's a thought in process that I see that a vertical integration is 
probably a natural outcome. 
 
Raj: 
Right, right. Okay, thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Perfect. Thanks Raj. 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Raj. Anybody who wishes to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand or you may unmute yourself. 
 
Nilang: 
Yes, hi, this is Nilang here. Just I joined a little late on the call, just 
wanted to understand how much control do we have on our vendors like 
I believe the entire inventory that we produce today is outsourced from 
other vendors right. So, what is the process flow like we give them them 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
designs, samples, you get it approved and you procure it from them or 
you have to buy the material, you choose the material, you procure the 
material and they are converters. And across how many vendors would 
we have and what kind of mode are we able to manage since the entire 
manufacturing is outsourced? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so we give them the designs, the designs are all, we give them the 
designs, samples are developed by the factories. We even have our 
components also or sort of things. So, the logos will come from a 
particular vendor, the zipper coolers will come from the vendor. We 
have fabric guys who develop the fabric for us. However, all this setup 
for us was in China right and even the Indian factories when we started 
working with Indian factories, they used to source all these products 
through our factories in China. Now, it is a work in progress where we 
are identifying Indian component makers, so that we are able to sort of 
localize it here itself with. 
 
But, yes, a lot of close working with the factories, we have Nalang. So 
even in China, the factories which have worked with us, they've been 
working for us the past eight years, 10 years. So very long-term 
associations, very, very close working relations with them. And be the 
fabric, be it whether it is leather, whether it is fabric, whether it is any 
component, every single thing is definitely approved by us. And then 
an inline inspection happens. And then, of course, a post production 
Quality Check happens. So that's how the entire structure goes. 
 
Nilang: 
How big is like the contract with Tommy, like, if we were to give it to 
somebody else, or we have something in place to protect ourselves. And 
secondly let's say, if I were to start the same business and approach the 
same vendor and bring in another brand, so how easy is it for somebody 
to get into a factory or just get the designs through and get another brand 
to do the same business that you were doing like. So just trying to get 
around the boat like, how are we managing our boat? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Correct, so a very good question, Nalang. So, if you talk about 
somebody getting into the same factory and getting those designs, in 
fact, we see our designs getting copied forget smaller brands, we see 
big brands also copying our designs, as it is and it's pretty sad. But yes, 
this is always part and parcel of this game. You can easily copy a 
designed piece, it's not a copyright, right. You can't have a patent for a 
design. 
 
So from that perspective, yes, it is easily accessible. But the difference 
only is that the brand value. So if tomorrow you approach the same 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
factory, and you develop the same style, same design, but the brand 
name is unknown, you'll still be just to copy and you will not get an 
entry into be it Shoppers or Lifestyle or Myntra or wherever. So you 
will not get entry into those sales channels. 
 
So, sales channel is a bigger entry barrier in India than the 
manufacturing channel. You can approach any manufacturer and ask 
them to produce 10,000 pieces for you, they will. But you can't enter a 
Shoppers and ask them to sell 10,000 pieces for you, they will not allow 
you to enter, right. So that's where the whole differentiation gets 
created. 
 
Another thing from the factory perspective again, for a new brand to 
give the kind of quantities and everything which is required, invest into 
molds. So some bit of entry barrier is also there in terms of 
manufacturing, which comes from the fact as I explained, which is your 
mold costs, your MOQs, your production costs, right. So those kinds of 
barriers are there. 
 
But apart from that, from a contract perspective, all our factories sign 
an NDA, all our factories sign a manufacturing contract, those factories 
are socially audited, all those things are there in place. But at the end of 
the day, contract is just a contract, right. You sign it, it's kept in the 
locker. It's totally up to that factory, whether the factory values you as 
a partner or not. I don't know if I have been able to answer your question 
enough. 
 
Nilang: 
Yes, that should be good. And just another point was around the margin. 
So where are all the margins in the manufacturing versus the contract 
manufacturing and versus the distribution like you know, so how much 
margin is getting captured where like, if you want to tomorrow let's say 
manufacture, how will your margin profile change versus what will be 
the capital commitment and ROE expectation like that will require some 
capital also. The kind of working capital expectations going forward as 
the business as you mentioned 30%, 35% CAGR is the visibility. How 
much of the incremental working capital requirements will be there and 
how will you look to fund it and going forward, what can be the margin 
visibility like? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So if you talk about manufacturing CapEx from that perspective, you 
talk about, this is not a, it's not manufacturing petroleum, right? It's 
manufacturing, it's stitching machines. So it's not a very, very heavy 
CapEx manufacturing setup. The margins in any manufacturing 
industry, I think a very basic 10% to 15% kind of a margin, after 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
everything is what a factory means, if you're running the factory well. 
So a 10%, 12%, 15% kind of contribution towards your purchase is a 
definite right. 
 
So I would believe that should be the distinguish, which will happen. 
The upsurge in your bottom line of the goods that you're manufacturing 
on your own, right, because the factory would be making a 10%, 15% 
margin on your production. So, that's the thing. Yes, working capital 
requirements will definitely go up, if you get into manufacturing, 
because then you have to invest into raw materials and everything. 
 
Now, even today, if you will see most of the factories, they so even if 
you have a very good relationship, most of the factories today are 
working on certain advances, because the cycle has changed with GST 
and all, there's been a shift in the overall buying cycle as well. So getting 
credit in the market is going down, which is I consider it as a 
disadvantage, because if you're not getting credit, you will not give too 
much credit. 
 
So, working capital cycle definitely will increase. And as I said rightly 
that there are only two ways that we look at funding the working capital 
cycle, one is majority chunk, so either you take debt or you take equity, 
right. So for us debt, in terms of debt majority would be non-fund based 
is what's the strategy. And once we feel the right time, where we are at 
that influx point where we can put the equity to its perfect use, we will 
not shy away from raising it. 
 
Nilang: 
So what is the general trade cycle like for you, the credit that you have 
to give and the credit you get? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So typically, today, what the factories have started working on is that, 
you work on almost 20%, 25% for the same kind of advance, which you 
give along with your purchase order, right or you give them on an LC 
for that much period, but then your LC gets blocked for a longer period 
because the production cycle itself is about three months. So you give 
them certain advance and the credit period today is not more than 60 
days, 60 days in certain cases banked on an LC, drag it up to 90 days. 
If it is an import, then obviously 30 days have gone in terms of transit. 
So even that gets reduced. 
 
And in terms of credit period, most of the customers now have actually 
come down to two to three months credit period, 60 days to 90 days. 
There are still a few where so the large format stores, the department 
stores, where the credit cycle, the outflow is still much higher. We are 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
looking at controlling that as well, we controlled to a large extent, but 
this year, we expect that we do a little again betterment in that 
department as well. 
 
Nilang: 
I don't know if this was covered earlier, but what is the sales split like 
between these large format store B2C and the dealer network? And I 
believe you sell it through the single store, the Tommy exclusive stores 
also? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, we run through Tommy exclusive stores as well. And so the large 
format stores for us is about 16% of our overall business. And in fact 
this, you could have gone through the presentation, Nalang. We have 
mentioned the percentage split over there as well. 
 
Nilang: 
All right, that's about it. 
 
Operator: 
We will take the last set of questions from Keval. Keval, you can 
unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Keval: 
Yes, so just wanted to know if promoter family has this only business 
or there are any other businesses also which promoter families involved 
into? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so as I said it's a manufacturing-based group. We have another 
company by the name IFF Overseas, which is into manufacturing and 
into manufacturing of backpacks so. And we manufacture for VIP, 
Samsonite, Safari, all these brands. 
 
Keval: 
Okay, so is there any plan to integrate both the companies in coming 
years or some time? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Can't comment right now. But as we said lot of thoughts, a lot of thought 
processes are on. 
 
Keval: 
Okay, got it. Thanks. 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Keval. I think that was the last question. Abhinav, we'll end the 
session here. Any closing comments from your end? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I just want to thank everyone. And we'll just love that, keep asking 
questions, it makes me think more, makes us better as a team. So thanks 
attendees for joining and having faith in us. 
 

Brand Concepts limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY22 Post Result Conference Call 
May 27, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Abhinav. Thanks a lot. And thank you all participants for 
joining on this call. We now end the call over here. And you may all log 
off. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 
