Suprajit 
Engineering 
Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: #100 & l 01, Bommasandra Industrial Area, 
Bengaluru - 560 099. Tel: +91-80-43421 l 00, Fax: +91-80-27833279 
E-mail: info@supraJit.com Web: http://WWW.suprajlt.com 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) : L29199KA l 985PLC006934 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ref: 532509 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Investors conference call Transcript 
May 30, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Ref: SUPRAJIT 
Transcript of the Investors conference call held on Thursday, May 26, 2022 is enclosed 
herewith. 
Same is also available on the website of the Company at www.suprajit.com. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record in compliance of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015. 
This is for your information & record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Suprajit Engineering Limited 
~1 
Medappa Gowda J 
CFO & Company Secretary 
Encl : as above 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Suprajit Engineering Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
  
           
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. VIJAY SARTHY – ANAND RATHI SHARES & STOCK 
BROKERS 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. AJITH KUMAR RAI – FOUNDER & CHAIRMAN – 
SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. N. S. MOHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & GROUP 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING 
LIMITED  
MR. AKHILESH RAI – DIRECTOR & CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER – SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. MEDAPPA GOWDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
& COMPANY SECRETARY – SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
~ Suprajlt 
~,suprajlt 
;\N;\NDR ;YI HI 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suprajit Engineering Limited Q4 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Shares & Stock Brokers. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vijay Sarthy from Anand Rathi Shares & Stock Brokers. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Vijay Sarthy: 
Thanks Rutuja. Good morning all. On behalf of Anand Rathi, I welcome you all to the Q4 
and full year conference call of Suprajit Engineering Limited. From the management side, 
we have Mr. Ajit Kumar Rai, the Founder and Chairman, Mr. N. S. Mohan, MD and Group 
CEO, Mr. Akhilesh Rai, Director & Chief Strategy Officer, and Mr. Medappa, the CFO and 
Company Secretary. As always we will start with the brief about the results and then we 
will follow it up with Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Ajit! 
Ajit Kumar Rai: 
Thank you Vijay and good morning to you all. Welcome to this results concall for the Q4 as 
well as the annual results of the Suprajit Engineering. I would like to thank Anand Rathi for 
hosting this for Suprajit. I would as usual start with our team to make brief comments on the 
year's performance and then I will conclude with my few comments and then we will have 
the question and answer. With that I will hand over to Mohan to start his brief on the 
operational performance of the group overall. Mohan! 
N. S. Mohan: 
Thank you. A very good morning to everybody. What I will do is as usual I will give you a 
kind of a general overview on the business, then I will quickly move on to give you an 
update on our divisions. 
 
First of all as you are all aware the chip shortages woes continues and there has also been a 
strong uptick in the commodity prices, so overall supply chain area continues to be a 
challenge but also container and shipping costs being high and this also adds in terms of the 
uncertainties that has built in and the delays that are happening in shipments. 
 
On the domestic front, the entry two-wheeler segment is extremely tepid and therefore it has 
got some amount of bearing. Despite all these kind of headwinds that we have at Suprajit, I 
think we have done well on the domestic front and the US market has shown some growth. 
New markets have been affected both from supply chain, Ukraine and also the demand 
issue so there is a three-pronged I would say problem at EU. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Now let me get into the individual divisions. Let me start with SENA or Suprajit 
Engineering Non-Automotive which is WESCON and our unit nine. Like I mentioned you 
know we have good market presence in US market. The US market is doing good. We have 
a strong order book and the issue there has been more a supply chain issue and we have had 
the order backlog with our customers. Labor availability at our Wichita and Juarez plants 
have also added to the complex what I would say resource management; however, the order 
book is pretty good. We have been able to successfully claw back on some of the cost 
overruns that we have had and with some of the customers we have already got the price 
increase and with some we are still negotiating, so that gives you a kind of an update on 
SENA and I will move to our automotive exports. 
 
Here like I was telling there was a huge amount of uncertainty in the European region and 
all our major customers both OEM and tier one’s primarily because of the Ukrainian War 
and its associated fall outs, what I would say but mainly we did better due to our new 
programs which we had won which had started getting delivered but obviously the volumes 
were not yet to the levels that we expected. There have been inventory management 
challenges between our Slovenia warehouse and our plant Suprajit Automotive at the 
Doddaballapur but having said that I would say that we have maintained that track record as 
a reliable vendor for all our customers in EU and we have not had any issues in making 
supplies to them. 
 
On the pricing front, we got some price increases with some of the tier one customers and 
we are also in discussion and negotiation with some of the major OEMs. It is taking time 
but I am confident that we are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. We should be able to 
wrap it up in this quarter. 
 
Moving on to Phoenix Lamps Division, this was the most affected division in our last year 
and more so in the last quarter of the year; however, we still managed a growth in revenue 
but at the price of profitability. If I remember right, I had mentioned this that due to certain 
strategic reasons, we did not pass on the price to the market in the previous quarter when I 
was talking in the last quarter; however, now that it is on the agenda we have already raised 
the prices in the Indian aftermarket in this quarter. We have also got certain price increases 
from some of the OEMs and some of the tier ones and with the others the negotiations are 
still on. 
 
Moving on to Phoenix Lamps but aftermarket of Phoenix Lamps, this continues to be our 
mainstay business and it has shown I would say a very good traction. If I can recollect what 
was at around 60% contribution to our domestic sales five years back now has become 
about 75% of our sales with the advent of LED into the OEMs, I would say that this was 
expected and it is happening as we had planned and expected. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Our drop in LED solution has also been very well accepted in the aftermarket and it has got 
very good traction there. Very specifically on PLD the commodity prices are still not 
benign. The increases are very steep and we are testing the price elasticity in the 
marketplace for our products, so we will see to what extent we should be able to move our 
prices up. Luxlite and Trifa continues to have a headwind and there again we have asked for 
price increases with our customers. 
 
With that I move on to the Domestic Cable Division. Domestic Cable Division continues on 
a path of good profitability and also with reasonably good growth in what I would call it is a 
tepid market. This has been primarily due to our good product mix, strong after market and 
also growth with certain customers and new added programs. Just to add to that our 
aftermarket sales also grew very smartly in our cable division. So that completes all the 
updates in the divisions. 
 
Now I will just give a very quick update on what is happening at our technology center. The 
work here has been extremely good and we have come out with products that interests the 
market. We have got significant interest in our digital and electronic space and also for our 
braking products. As you would notice that both electronics area and braking products that 
we are looking at are powertrain agnostic therefore that is where we are focusing on and our 
strategy to be growing beyond cable, I would say silently taking shape within Suprajit. 
 
Moving on to the investments, board has approved our plan to invest in electronics, so now 
a new SMP line with new digital cluster assembly and e-throttle control lines are being 
invested in and we will be commissioning it in July. We are on track with our expansion at 
Narasapura. This is basically to serve a customer with additional lines and we are also on 
track with our, what we call it aftermarket fulfillment center at Bommasandra. 
 
Last year we had made some amount of capacity enhancement at Phoenix but now with the 
completion of that additional capacity at Phoenix, we have kept the capex at a very, very 
minimal level at Phoenix and in the Automotive Cable Division and also in the Domestic 
Cable Division, our journey on automation and also the introduction of industry 4.0 and 
digitization continues. With this I complete my update. 
Ajit Kumar Rai: 
Thank you Mohan. Akhilesh will you give a quick update on LDC? 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Good morning everyone. As you know on April 6, 2022 Suprajit successfully closed the 
acquisition of Kongsberg’s Light Duty Cable Division. Of course LDC has been facing 
similar global headwinds both in terms of commodity price and slightly muted demand and 
customer price increases will play an important role this year. The China plant has also had 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
to run at reduced capacity during the lockdowns in Shanghai but the team, are confident that 
there will be a strong rebound with a lot of pent-up demand seen from customers. 
 
The immediate finance and IT integration of LDC is going well and should be completed on 
time. We expect all key IT systems to be integrated into Suprajit in the first half of this year. 
Further, we have also kicked off longer term integration project and called it Project Max. 
Across all departments this will help extract synergies between LDC and Suprajit. This 
should bring a strong focus to the LDC organization and business, alignment with the 
Suprajit way and opportunities to better serve our global customers. 
 
All customers of LDC are working closely with Suprajit and we are happy that they have 
clearly seen Suprajit now as a preferred global control cable supplier which is one of those 
key goals that we were looking at when we decided to acquire this company. With that I 
will hand it back to you, Chairman. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Thank you Akhilesh. Medappa! 
Medappa Gowd: 
Good morning everyone. We announced the financial results for the year ended the March 
31, 2022 yesterday. The consolidated revenue we have recorded a growth of 12% with the 
Rs.1840 Crores for the year against Rs.1641 for the previous year and consolidated 
EBITDA was Rs.260 Crores as against Rs.237 Crores for the previous year recording 
growth of 10%. 
 
The standalone revenue was Rs.1271 Crores against Rs.1212 Crores with a growth of 14%. 
The standalone operation EBITDA was Rs.213 Crores against Rs.181 Crores recorded a 
growth of 18%. The overall group debt level was Rs.312 Crores. It has reduced in fact from 
Rs.327 Crores from the previous year and we have a cash balance of Rs.261 Crores 
invested in the form of mutual funds as March 31, 2022 and any further queries you can 
approach me even after the call. Thank you. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Thank you Medappa. Just to add that you all know the tough year we had not just in the 
beginning the COVID situation, but subsequently the commodity issues and global 
headwinds in terms of some kind of a downtrend in the automotive business. With that 
background, I think Suprajit’s performance of growing at about 13% and EBITDA still 
above 14% I would think is a very satisfactory outcome. We continue to have these 
headwinds in this year but I am pretty sure that our team is working as usual to ensure that 
we will get optimal results so with this I will give it hand it over to the moderator to start 
collating the questions and we will answer them as it comes. Thank you over to you. Over 
to you moderator! 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Aashin Modi from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Aashin Modi: 
Good morning, Sir. Congratulations on decent set of numbers and on completion of LDC’s 
acquisition. Sir my first question would be regarding the new products which you are 
developing at STC? We had been on testing so could you give us a color on the current 
order book of STC and now since we are setting up a new line for each order in digital 
cluster how are the orders over there? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I will just give you a quick answer and then ask Mohan to give a little more detail. I think 
we did make an announcement that some time ago that we have received significant orders 
in excess of Rs.100 Crores for the STC products and based on that kind of a comfort, we 
have now setting up a small division of electronics and we are already doing a small 
production in the unit 3 but it will probably get streamlined in the next couple of months. I 
would say that there has been a significant progress and we are making a fairly decent 
financial investment in terms of putting up this new division so Mohan can you please add 
on some of the products and our plans on STC. 
N. S. Mohan: 
Primarily there are two specific areas where we have focused on. One is the digital 
instrument cluster area and here I think I did mention it in one of the earlier calls that we are 
going in for what we call it as a platform approach. Therefore, we have developed what is 
called Supra 1.0, 2.0, 2.5 and 3. These are different generations of instrument cluster which 
would be available for the customers depending upon what level of technology they want to 
adopt into their own vehicles. Now that has played out well and we have got good amount 
of I would say orders also and a lot of them we have already fitted and it is also being tried 
out at ARAI for homologation so this is one stream that we are looking at and here we are 
looking at both ICE engines and also more heavily into EVs also so both the areas we are 
focusing on. Other than that, we are also developing one for a nonautomotive segment 
which is not here outside this country which will be exported out. The second area where 
we are looking at is what we call it as a rotary sensor. This is a hall affect sensor, which will 
be integrated with specific mechanisms for what is called as the e-throttle control. The e-
throttle controls are what gets replaced with the throttle cable therefore that is the reason 
that we are focusing on that which incorporates a rotary sensor so these are the two major 
areas. Purposely we did not put in our investment till such time we get some traction from 
the marketplace and see how the market accepts these products because we have developed 
these products but commercialization of the product is when we put our lines there. Now 
that we are confident that the market is accepting this and there is good amount of interests 
generated in the market we have decided to go ahead with our investment. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
To add to what Mohan has said I think it is a very clear vision of our group that STC will be 
a very focused product development center for us. The idea is simple. In the next three to 
five years time Suprajit’s intention and our clear aim is to ensure that our content for two-
wheeler will be lot more than what it is today. I think that is our intent. 
Aashin Modi: 
Thanks a lot. Sir my second question is regarding LDC, so as you said that LDC operations 
are right now affected by this so could you quantify the effect and also Sir on LDC if you 
can talk about who are global major competitors and what are their sizes if we can talk 
about this? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Our competitors you mean if you are talking about? 
Aashin Modi: 
Yes in the global market? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
In terms of business, I think the same headwind that we face and what Mohan elaborated it 
applies to LDC also. It is the same problem everywhere in the world so their business had 
last couple of years have had its own effects for whatever reason and they probably had a 
business of about $80 million last year and I think we have sort of guided that in the next 
two years between this year and next year we should close the USD $100 million kind of a 
sales. I think that is what we have projected in our last statement. In terms of the 
competition, I think the global major is the HI-LEX from Japan. I think probably HI-LEX 
and Suprajit are more or less in terms of at least the number of cables here on the same 
levels and then of course there are other guys like there is Star Smith, there is Dura, there is 
GRC, and there is WR Controls. There are a couple of cable players out of China. They are 
all in the range of let me say anywhere between $40 million to let us say $100 million to 
$120 million US kind of a size so that is the competition if you were to ask. 
Aashin Modi: 
Thanks a lot for my questions. My questions are answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, Sir? Just one question for the STC business so what 
is the new revenue increment revenue? Sir the last time we mentioned Rs.100 Crores so 
what could be now new based on order wins? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think these orders are for the futuristic like from the day it starts commercial the 
development time is there. Just to give you a rough idea I think Mohan correct me if I am 
wrong. I think we did about Rs.10 Crores to Rs.15 Crores of business from the STC 
products last year. I think we are hoping to do maybe about Rs.30 Crores to Rs.40 Crores in 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
this year and it will probably double next year when our digital electronics division goes 
into full stream so that is the kind of a road map I would like to give. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you. Sir what would be the new outlook for FY2023 or a CY2022 for LDC business 
on account of a conservative occurring standards in China lockdown? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Sorry. Can you please repeat? I cannot hear you properly? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir what is the new outlook on LDC business for CY2022 on account of conservative 
accounting standards in China lockdown? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
In terms of business I think I just mentioned that our aim is to cross $100 million in the next 
two years. In terms of the margins I think I would probably give a clarity in another quarter 
or maybe two because we are still trying to assimilate different countries accounts standards 
etc, etc., so it is little premature to say but what I have mentioned in our last business update 
is that the aim was to get into a double-digit EBITDA over the next two years time. As we 
hit $100 million we also want to hit 10% EBITDA. That is our target. Current years you 
must realize that this acquisition is done with a lot of remote diligences etc., etc., travel was 
completely ruled out so we need to see in terms of the stocks what is there, how is the kind 
of operating systems, what are the creditors and debtors situation, a lot of things will be sort 
of absorbed over a period of time and there could be I have to accept that there could be 
one-offs in this current year but that is normal in any acquisitions but our guideline is going 
forward in the next two years to hit double digit at the LDC. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you and Sir SENA has done well in fy2022 so can you explain what drove the 
growth and what is outlook for FY2023 Sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think you know we do not really give a forward-looking number. All I can say SENA has 
done an excellent job last year of a good growth as you would see. The SENA division 
between unit nine and WESCON has done nearly 20% plus I think of growth. This year 
also we are expecting certainly. A growth a double-digit growth is expected. Margins as 
Mohan was mentioning again global commodity is a big challenge but we have been able to 
talk to our customers and able to pass on some of them at least so we continue to believe 
that the margins that we have been sort of clocking in the last couple of years is doable 
going forward as well. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks for opportunity and congratulations for a decent set of numbers in tough time. Sir 
my first question is related with the automotive cable business so what is the reason for the 
margin expansion in the core cable business? Is because of the better revenue growth or 
from the four-wheeler and export? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
You are talking about automotive margin increase is it? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
It is from 15.9% we have grown to 16.3%. It is a 0.4% increase on operational level which 
can be due to any timing effect of a price increase, supplier price decrease or increases or 
decreases whatever it is so I would only say that there is not really an increase in margin. It 
is a stable margin. 
Abhishek Jain: 
How was the growth in the four-wheelers side especially for the export? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think simply one of our main businesses also in Europe. We grew our automotive exports 
by about 10% to 11% and then I think when the Ukraine War hit, Ukraine was a big 
supplier of I think some of the components to automotive industry in Europe. There was a 
lot of disruption has happened. It is slowly starting to stabilize now. There are still some 
disruptions happening because customers had to relocate these suppliers into other parts of 
the world so the general feeling our own view is that this year global automotive I am 
talking about a very general term it will not grow. If at all it will probably degrow this year 
also but having said that I think because we have won businesses with customers and they 
are all getting into production, we will continue to grow our automotive cable business as 
well. Our overall guideline of saying that we will outperform Indian automotive industry by 
5% to 10% which we have done by 10% this year, I think that is still a very much the 
guidance that we would like to give. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir has the export business will be under pressure that will impact the overall margin of core 
cable business in the coming quarter? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No I think global typically automotive exports particularly global automotive customers do 
not really are easy to give any price increases which is a very acceptable point. I think that 
is what you are driving at but we have been able to convince some of our customers and we 
are in the final stages of convincing another one or two key customers that these price 
increases are not normal. They are much beyond the inflationary trend so they have to index 
those prices. I think they have listened to us and some of them even tried to do some test 
marketing to see whether somebody else can supply but there is nobody else to supply so 
the fact that we have been so strongly entrenched player in cable and we have been able to 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
deliver wherever they want. I think we are heard in the right manner and I think in the next 
couple of months some of the price indexations will happen and if there is any going to be 
any further let us say supplier price increases we will be able to offset so we are fairly 
comfortable to say I mean overall we feel that there could be a timing effect of price 
increases and decreases at various places but I think we will be able to do it. Having said 
that if there is a major difference I know we have made a comment in our press release that 
there could be some marginal pressure but that is not going to be 5% to 6%. I mean maybe 
0.5% here and there or 1% possible. We do not know but our aim is to still guide what we 
have guided in the past. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir how is the outlook for the domestic core table business? Demand is picking up well and 
there is a recovery in the entry level and scooter segment which have a higher number of 
cables so how do you see the positives in the domestic core cable business? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
You must realize that in last year the two wheeler industry actually degrew as you know 
because of the entry level vehicles were not in demand. I am not sure whether that scenario 
will change this year. I mean this is very judgmental but I think that slackness that tempered 
offtake in the market continues so we are not really seeing a huge growth for two wheelers 
per se in this year also. I mean we also believe that the trend was similar in China where it 
grew stupendously and went to something like whatever $35 million to $40 million two 
wheelers and now it has dropped off completely in the last few years so having said that I 
think we will continue to grow Indian cable business whether it is through our ability to 
penetrate more into the two wheeler customers, our ability to penetrate more into four 
wheelers and of course the strong presence we have in the aftermarket so our belief is that 
we will still grow our domestic cable business pretty well as I again said if industry grows 
at 5% we should be able to grow at 10%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
In domestic core cable business have you won any business in the four-wheeler side 
especially from the large OEMs like Maruti and others? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Maruti as we have always said I think we have not really talking about Maruti at all these 
days because our focus is not really. I mean our focus is there but as a tier one we continue 
to supply to multiple customers but not as a direct supplier to Maruti so far, but there are 
other businesses that we are winning as tier two as other customers like Mahindra’s, Tata’s, 
etc., etc., and even as a tier one of some of these Japanese and Korean suppliers so we have 
our own strength in those areas. This is why I am saying I mean instead of going into 
specific customers we do believe that we will grow our domestic cable business based on 
whatever the market conditions are. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Abhishek Jain: 
My next question is from the Phoenix Lamp Division, so as you mentioned that you have 
taken a price hike in this quarter despite that the revenue growth and the margin is quite 
muted? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No I think you are looking at last year's quarter. I think what Mohan mentioned was in this 
quarter that means the current year only we have got the price increases. 
Abhishek Jain: 
How it will reflect in the Q1 numbers Sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
We have got some price increases and we have increased the prices in the aftermarket. All 
this is correct but still quite a few of the major customers are yet to give the price increases 
so it will take little time. I think it will be happening this quarter and next quarter and I am 
pretty sure it will claw back some of the lost margins. As Mohan said earlier I think it was a 
strategic decision not to ask for a price increase because we wanted to keep our market 
position intact and that having been done now we are looking at it so in the next two 
quarters we will get certain price increases which will to some extent certainly will offset 
the margin pressure that we have seen in the PLD which is the one instance where our 
margins have actually decreased. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Can we see a double digit sort of the margin in the PLD Sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I do not want to say anything about the double digit. I think we want to move forward from 
where we are now. I think probably by next quarter results we will know clarity as to what 
price increases we are getting and how much we have got it. I think based on that probably 
we can comment. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir RM, prices is going down especially for the steel prices so will it have a positive impact 
on your margin in the coming quarter because 40% to 50% of total raw material sales is 
steel? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think there is a lot of news item in the last one week. Thanks to all these certain curbs put 
by the government but we have to see practically you have to see in the in the operations of 
these companies how they are reducing the prices. If you ask me have I received a price 
reduction from the steel suppliers? Not yet, because there is already a price increase of the 
past pending with us for settlement so probably it will get set off to some extent and let me 
also say this if customers the moment the price reduction actually happens customer is at 
our doorsteps to ask for price reduction too so I do not think it will be a margin accretive. I 
think it will be margin neutral. If the prices come down just as we got the price increases 
when it was going up we also are bound to give the price reduction to customers as it goes 
down. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gadre from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Gadre: 
Thank you for taking my question. My question was on the aftermarket side? Can you just 
talk about your market share on the aftermarket both on the cables and the halogen side and 
also I mean what is the pricing differential between us and the peers so you mentioned that 
due to cognitive reasons and strategic reasons you did not take the price hike but your peers 
have also been aggressive and they have also kind of refrained from taking price hike so 
just some more color on the aftermarket side? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Mohan will give you some color on the aftermarket? 
N. S. Mohan: 
Let me start with Phoenix. Before I get into the aftermarket and the share of aftermarket, I 
think if I tell you the capacity in India then I lead to the aftermarket share that would be an 
interesting way of looking at it. Today we are having about 110 plus almost about 112, 115 
million bulbs capacity and as against this our nearest competitor would be at around 25 
million bulbs so you can see the stark difference between the capacity that we have so 
which means what other things can happen. Other things are imports. Where do these 
imports happen? There are two areas that you can get bulbs coming into India. One is 
obviously China. Another is Korea. Now with all the kind of container shortages and freight 
issues and also the price increases that are happening there I would say that there has and 
very, very, very important is the government's effort to streamline the economy to make it 
more I would say clean economy. To that extent I would say the ball is playing in our favor 
in the Indian aftermarket for bulbs. That means capacity is in our favor and reduced imports 
are in our favor. Now I come to the market share as you are talking about. Market share 
when I talk about market share if I look at a relative market share and an absolute market 
share. Relative market share is with my brand my brand of Phoenix. If I talk about my 
brand of Phoenix, I would be telling that probably I would be at around 60% market share 
about ballpark number, I am talking about, but if I look at the absolute market share, there 
are other players selling in their brands but I am the guy who is supplying it to them so back 
ended it is my revenue. Of course it is an added margin up there. Therefore to that extent 
when I look at an absolute market share it is really, really very, very high so this gives you a 
color into what is the kind of market share. Now in moving on to the price differential 
between the peers, again here what happens is that is why you remember I told that I am 
testing the price elasticity in the market. The reason I am able to test the price elasticity is 
because of my market position in my market because if I did not have that position in the 
market I always had to look behind and run ahead because somebody is going to pitch me 
in this race. Now today the gap is so much that I think I can set my own pace in running 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
forward and that is what is happening but having said that there will be a level of pricing at 
which the market stops picking up the goods. They will say okay let me do without it kind 
of stuff. Therefore that is the reason I am testing the pricing elasticity. Comparatively if you 
look at the pecking order Philips will be number one, Phoenix we have moved up the ladder 
in terms of value chain. We are number two, OSRAM is number three, and then comes the 
rest of the other players. There are some niche players at both the top end and at the bottom 
end but they are very small quantity players. Have I answered your question? 
Nikhil Gadre: 
Yes but then Sir I mean just to take this point forward given that we have such a strong 
market share position I would have imagined that we would have had the ability to take 
price increases at a maybe a faster pace given that we are one of the leaders here? 
N. S. Mohan: 
Point well taken. Like I told in the previous call last quarter call we were running a scheme. 
We run aftermarket scheme which starts from August 15 and runs all the way up to January 
26 that means Independence Day to Republic Day for easy remembrance. So what happens 
is when I am running the scheme if I am going to go and touch the price it upsets the market 
in a very big way. Therefore I purposely did not want to touch the price in the aftermarket 
till January 26. Now once January 26 got over, I moved ahead and I made those corrections. 
Again when you are making corrections what will happen is like what I said testing the 
price elasticity in the market. How much are you going to increase it by? Are you going to 
increase it by 5%, 10%, 20%, or 50% so that is where some business judgment should come 
in where we will have to make certain moves and I know to a certain extent I as a leader 
would have to make the first move followed by me I would be expecting others to make 
that move but whatever happens there would be a lag between me and other followers 
making those prize increases. During that period there could be erosion in volume for me so 
I need to balance all these factors before making that decision. 
Nikhil Gadre: 
Yes got it and Sir similar color may be about the auto cables aftermarket? 
N. S. Mohan: 
Yes automotive cables again we have a good pole position out there having said that we can 
still definitely do much more. We are extremely strong in the southern region and to a 
certain extent good in western region. In the northern region is where we need to kind of get 
into much more stronger position and one of the reasons that when we go ahead and do 
these things is the way you are able to fulfill your dealer and distributor order positions. 
You will be able to get the order but the question is how fast you react to the market and 
that is the reason where we have put in our aftermarket fulfillment center. This is going to 
be a state-of-art with technology involved in it where we will be able to send groups across 
to various parts in India very quickly. Therefore right now if you ask me on a market share I 
would say there are I would say cottage industry players. To a certain extent, it has come 
down, but I would very safely put my number at around 60% there. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Nikhil Gadre: 
Got it. Sir my second question was you mentioned in the opening comments that there was 
some successful claw back on some cost over in SENA so can you just throw some more 
light on that? 
N. S. Mohan: 
Yes you see when we classify the customers there are different types of customers. We have 
the bada customers and not so bada customers and the chhota customers so what we do is 
with all the chhota customers we unilaterally go and increase the price. We say that well 
from such and such a date onwards our price is revised and our new price index is so and 
so. That we did as a first round. Second round is the middle volume customers. With them 
also we have been able to get the price increases. Our sales and marketing team has been 
successful. Now it comes to the bada customers. With the bada customers with some we 
have what we call as a LTA or long term trade agreement or long purchase LPA long term 
purchase agreements. With them it needs some amount of scheduling and convincing to tell 
them that this is what has happened and therefore in the best interest of keeping the supply 
chain alive we would want you to support us in terms of price increase and that is 
happening  
Nikhil Gadre: 
Got it and just my last question I think capex you have guided for Rs.140 Crores for this 
year so if you could just maybe break it down for us or what would be this spent on the 
project capacity and maintenance capex details? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Mohan will you answer the question as well? 
N. S. Mohan: 
The capex I generally classify into three major categories. One category I call it as land and 
building again split probably into land and building but that ballpark is going to be because 
last year if you remember I had brought in about Rs.110 Crores which I said that would be 
spread over two years. Therefore there is a spillover of that Rs.110 Crores which has come 
into this year. Therefore optically it looks as though it is Rs.110 Crores of last year plus 
Rs.140 Crores. No it is not. It is a spillover of last year Rs.110 Crores plus a top-up which is 
going to happen this year. Top-up primarily is coming because of my electronics area where 
I am putting up a clean room. Rather it has already come up now. The clean room is ready 
and the machines have already come. The assembly line has already come. The assembly 
lines have already come. Now they are being as we speak are being installed. Therefore my 
major I would say top of line item this year is probably we might be looking at some land 
assets somewhere which will aid our I would say land bank to expand. Other than that it is 
going to be into electronics foray. 
Nikhil Gadre: 
Got it. Thank you Sir. That was very helpful. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats for good set of numbers Sir. Sir one question I had 
was on SENA? If I look at this quarter Y-o-Y revenue growth is single digit? Is there 
anything to read into it because generally the recovery was reasonably well in the non-
automotive market in US so is there a base effect or anything else to look into it there? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No. I think the answer for that is simple. I think we have mentioned in quite a few of the 
past conference calls. WESCON business is cyclical because the seasons of the green 
season and snow season the products are spread out in different, different times so I think 
the effect of that happens in certain quarters so I think that is the reason why you see that 
difference and I think there is nothing more to it actually. The business is growing there 
actually. 
Viral Shah: 
I was more looking at Y-o-Y because seasonality will be taken care of when you look? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Because what has also happened is that the start of a green season for example starts 
sometimes much earlier or it gets spilled into the next year so I think that is what is also 
happening. For example, the summer season or the green season let us say if it is starting 
little late because if they had last year's unsold stocks in their warehouses they will first sell 
it and start releasing the orders little later so it gets spilled into the Q1 of ours which is Q2 
of theirs so that is also the possibility that the reason of it. It is just a timing issue I think. 
Viral Shah: 
The second question was on that new e-throttle product that you are mentioning I could not 
catch it properly sorry if you have to repeat so it is a replacement of the throttle cable right 
that is what your intent is and if I understood it correctly? Sir how does the component mix 
look like? Is it more bought out components involved over there and also the value content? 
Is it similar in pricing or as initially it will be expensive and if at all how expensive it is? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
E-throttle is probably 10x the throttle. In e-throttle comes both with the cable and without a 
cable. The electronic mechanism so I will probably ask Mohan to elaborate a little more on 
this. 
N. S. Mohan: 
In terms of the product value obviously it is much, much higher like the chairman was 
talking about. Let me just explain the product then I think you will get a clarity. E-throttle is 
basically a chip which is there, which is going to analyze the position of the throttle when 
you not twist the throttle grip. The angle which you twist it is converted into a signal and 
the signal is processed and sent across. Now when you are doing it there are two ways you 
can do it. Number one you give IP67 level protection at the grip level itself. That means you 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
make it much more robust in terms of its protection towards electromagnetic radiation, 
towards the weathering effect, etc., so you build all those factors at the handle level itself. 
This is I would say configuration one. Configuration two is you just have the normal grip 
with a normal cable. The cable runs normally back either near your IC engine or near to 
your motor controller and you place this rotary sensor out there because already there is a 
lot of I would say IP67 level protection given. Therefore you do not need to have a separate 
level of protection to be given here. Therefore these are the two versions that we have 
developed and this is what we have taken to the market and shown both the versions. In fact 
I would not like to name that company or name that brand but very, very I would say state 
of art well known EV brand. The CTO of that was at our STC. He was there literally on his 
knees checking out all our products, looking at how this fitted and all those things and he 
was complementing our engineers and our three teams as to the kind of innovations that we 
have brought about and one of them he talked about was the specific thing when we told 
that we have these two versions available. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir I presume the second version would be reasonably cheaper to the first version right? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes this is correct. 
Viral Shah: 
Because this is completely integrated one? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir is this is everything you will be doing on your own the way you do the cable or initially 
there will be a lot of amount of bought out components in this? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think the product pricing will be done such a way that it will have a reasonable and in line 
with Suprajit’s thinking of margins. There would be of course for example a sensor would 
be obviously bought out but lot of things are integrated internally itself so it is a 
comprehensive products and in some of these products that we have developed we even 
have an IP protection so we expect you know, we have quite a few interesting things to 
happen in this space. 
Viral Shah: 
If I can squeeze in one last question. Sir on the braking products we have been talking about 
it since a reasonable time? If you can throw some color where are we in terms of 
acceptance, order flows, etc., and on how you are looking to ramp up the capacity over 
there? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Mohan will you answer? 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
N. S. Mohan: 
First of all we have to understand that we are talking about a safety product. Braking being 
the safety product for an OEM to switch over to a supplier it is not going to be very easy. 
There is a lot of testing that needs to be done, proving which needs to be done and it has to 
be extremely rigorous and that is what we have done because we also again do not want to 
jeopardize our fair name in the marketplace by just being in a hurry to bring something into 
the product so to answer your question it has been taking a lot of time. The answer is yes 
because we want to be doubly, doubly, doubly sure that a safety product going out of the 
stable of Suprajit with our brand name carries the mark of quality that we can really be 
proud about. Now getting the customers convinced takes time. There are two types of 
customers. One is the traditional customer who already has got certain supply chain with 
them and then you have the newcomers who are coming. Now with the newcomers we are 
having some good traction. It is going to take obviously more time with the established 
players. 
Viral Shah: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shravan Prasad an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Sir I just want to ask that what percentage of your product folio is EV agnostic and what 
percentage of that is not EV agnostic? Can you give a highlight of a percentage on that? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Sorry EV agnostic mean product. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Yes the product folio percentage that will be impacted if there is a full adoption in EV in the 
market the percentage of your parts that will be impacted or the revenue that will be 
impacted? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I can put it simply this way. In passenger cars there is nothing that will be affected because 
of EV because we have no products there. In fact it will probably add to our product range 
as we see it. In two wheeler we know we just talked about throttle cable just a while ago 
with the thing so for example throttle cable can be replaced with an electronic throttle 
control that is possible so that is where I think EV and non-EV will come into picture in a 
two wheeler. The other product changes for example if you are going into hydraulic brake 
systems obviously a brake cable will go away if it is preferred to have an hydraulic braking 
system because it works in a whole system. It has nothing to do whether it is an EV or 
otherwise but that is a different product altogether. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Can you give the percentage of how much is the revenue percentage of these two products 
in your folio? 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I would say throttle cable is one of the five cables yes, but it is not that all the EVs use 
electronic throttle by the way. We supply to EV guys who are using usual mechanical 
cables also so it is very difficult to give that percentage. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Sir hydraulic brake also? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Again hydraulic brake is generally popular beyond 175 cc onwards. Today the volumes are 
in the lower level so again that depends upon how the markets will change. Higher end 
hydraulic brakes are there. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Can you explain like from 5% to 10% and 10% to 20% anything in the range? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
It is difficult no because as I said how do you say in motorcycle what is hydraulic because 
right now 150cc or 175cc plus are having hydraulic brake systems. Not all of them but 
some of them so again how the adoption is going to there we do not know. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Any estimations also you do not have? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
We have internal estimation. It is not for the market. That is why we have been working on 
various other products also. 
Shravan Prasad: 
Okay Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from IThought PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Most of the questions have been answered and just is one question on STC are we also 
especially on digital speedometers, etc., are we also trying to get into four wheelers or it is 
largely for two wheelers at this point of time? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
At this point of time, it is for two wheelers. It is for three wheelers. It is also for non-
automotive applications. We are not really at the moment focusing on passenger vehicles 
but obviously it will be an obvious next step at an appropriate time as we grow this business 
and its understanding. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Would it not be sort of fair to assume that as we get into products which are beyond cables 
we will continue to hold on to our margin guidance of 14% to 16% at a consolidated level I 
mean would that be a fair assessment? I am not talking about this year specifically. 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
We are fairly clear with our STC products that it will also generate something similar. 
There may be an entry strategy different but eventually a similar margin profile is what we 
are expecting and aspiring and working on. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Just last question Sir on our lamps business a few calls back we were talking about getting 
entry into the US market given the overall sentiment against China, etc., just wanted to get 
an update if we have moved forward on anything and we would like to share anything? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
US entry of course we are still working on the US entry strategies, but there have been 
certain very strongly entrenched players. The global majors are sitting pretty there and they 
have got a fairly deep connectivity. It is not an easy thing to break in as such but we 
continue to make our effort. What has happened in the meantime is that we have got 
multiple strategies. One of the other strategies that we had was to enter Russia of all the 
places in this current situation and we won some businesses and then the war broke out of 
course and these things happen so our export strategy at Phoenix Lamps is taking strong 
roots but there are some disruptions as I said we have few large orders coming in from 
Russia in the last quarter of last year but then now they are getting into some limbo and 
hopefully we will find some resolution to that soon so there is ups and downs. The market is 
pretty tough but we will continue to grow but yes entry into US will take more time. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
I am so sorry just one more extension on the company so Luxlite and Trifa have been 
seeing a lot of headwinds over the last many years now so just wanted to get your sense 
what is our thinking around? You have tried a lot of things and we have restructured it but 
the headwinds continue to just keep on growing? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I agree. I think it a valid point. In fact we are also reassessing the situation again, I must say 
but the point is simple I think it has been a market where there has been quite a bit of 
competition. The competition was operating without a full presence in Europe and we are 
competing with the full presence in Europe. That adds to the cost so we are trying to see 
how we can mitigate that of course we have restructured as you rightly said. I guess there is 
some more work to do and I am sure we will be working on it right soon. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Fair enough Sir. Thank you very much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this will be the last question which is from the line of 
Ronak Vora from Ohm Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Vora: 
Sir on the Phoenix Lamp Division you said that our market share is 60% and our capacities 
are around 110 million to 115 million bulbs whereas the second player has around 25 
million bulbs correct? 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes I think that is the Indian manufacturing capacity but there are a lot of imports also you 
must realize it. These are India manufacturing capacity right correct. 
Ronak Vora: 
So in imports do not we see any supply chain constraints for the Phoenix Lamps Division? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes I think imports that I think Mohan mentioned there is a constraint. It is more expensive. 
It takes more time. That is why we have augmented our position in the aftermarket in India 
strongly. I mean that is also one of the reasons. 
Ronak Vora: 
But due to these challenges would not be a benefit to you and you can straight away take 
price hikes to mitigate the margin pressure? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes but at some point the import becomes cheaper. There is a fine balance so we can 
increase so much and after some time the elasticity does not exist so we have been testing 
the market as Mohan said, we have done one small pricing this last year end and then we 
have done one more this year. We will see how it is and at what price it becomes easier for 
people to import so it is a kind of testing the markets at the moment, but we have increased 
the price in this quarter and it seems to be okay. 
Ronak Vora: 
Is it like our prices are at par with the import prices? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
We do not want to go into the pricing positioning in the market. It is a much more complex 
than that so pricing situation we do not want to discuss in the open forum. 
Ronak Vora: 
Just to get an idea? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No. Again it is not only the pricing. It is also brand. I mean if Phillips can bring it and sell it 
at 20% higher than us then they can still sell but somebody else cannot do it so the 
positioning also is important. 
Ronak Vora: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Thank you all for your continued interest and questions on Suprajit. As I said it has been a 
tough year but we still think that we had a good year going forward as well. Our current 
year expectations also continues to be a decent and strong growth and we believe that LDC 
will bring lot more new businesses for us and will be a strong integrated global supplier of 
cables and we are working on all the divisions pretty confidently that despite the difficult 
~ Suprajlt 

 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
times will turn out to be another decent year for this current year as well. Thank you all for 
your interest and I now hand it back to the moderator. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining and you may now disconnect your lines. 
~ Suprajlt 
