May 30, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Security code: 503100 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
	 .... THE PHOENIX 
,.,- MILLS LIMITED 
Corp. Office : Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011 
Tel : (022) 3001 6600 Fax : (022) 3001 6601 
CIN No. : L 17100MH1905PLC000200 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400051 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
Sub: Transcript of EarninDs Conference Call 
This is further to our letter dated May 25, 2022, wherein we had informed the exchange 
about the conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call held on that date with Analysts / 
Institutional Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022, please find attached 
herewith the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
The enclosed Transcript is also available on the Company's website and can be accessed 
at hltps: //www.the:ph oenixmills.corn /investors 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
Gajendra Mewara 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As enclosed 
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Pare!, Mumbai 400 013. • Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9 • Fax: (022) 2493 8388 
E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com • www.thephoenixmills.com

 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q4 & FY22 Results Conference Call 
May 25, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Q4-FY22 results conference call 
of The Phoenix Mills Ltd. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Management of the company is being represented by Mr. Shishir 
Shrivastava – Managing Director, Mr. Anuraag Srivastava – Group CFO, Mr. Varun 
Parwal – Deputy CFO and Mr. Pawan Kakumanu – Deputy CFO. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand over the conference over to Mr. 
Shishir Shrivastava. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thank you very much. A very good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As always, we take 
pleasure in welcoming you all to discuss the operating and financial performance of 
the fourth quarter and full year of FY22. I am happy to inform you that business 
operations across all our retail destinations and commercial office and hotels have 
normalized in this preceding quarter and we are seeing very encouraging trends in 
consumption across all categories. I will now take you through the key highlights of 
our results. To start with our retail business, Consumption across our portfolio in FY22 
was at approximately 71% of FY20 and approximately 73% of FY19. Barring the impact 
of the Delta Wave in the first half of FY2022 and the Omicron wave in the month of 
January 2022, Consumption across all categories had recovered to pre-COVID levels 
in the year ending March 2022. We have seen a strong recovery in consumption 
growth in the second half of FY22. Consumption came in at approximately Rs. 1,670 
crore in Q4 FY22 which was at about 103% of Q4 FY19, the pre-COVID quarter. 
Excluding Phoenix Palassio Lucknow, the new mall launched in July 2020. 
Consumption in Q4 FY22 was at 92% of Q4 FY19. 
Consumption growth has been on a firm uptick month-on-month and it stood at 
approximately Rs. 720 crore in April 2022 which was at about 129% of April 2019. We 
have further seen very strong trajectory in the first three weeks of May 2022 and the 
consumption across our portfolio is up over 25% when compared to the period of 
May 2019. In line with consumption growth, our retail rental collections have also 
improved substantially. In Q4 FY22 our collections stood at approximately Rs. 476 

 
crore while for the full year of FY22 it was at about Rs. 1,174 crore. Collections remain 
strong in April 2022 at over Rs. 170 crore. I am also glad to share that we have 
resumed marquee events, live concerts and activations across our malls in the recent 
months post the easing of restrictions which has further aided consumption growth. 
Overall we are cheered by the momentum that has been built up in consumption 
across all our malls and we are confident the trend should continue going forward 
under normal operating conditions. Moving on to our commercial office business, our 
office portfolio continues to remain resilient. We have seen strong leasing traction 
during the financial year FY22 with gross leasing of approximately 4,00,000 square 
feet. Collection efficiency for the office portfolio was at 96% in FY22. Office income 
was up 22% year-on-year at approximately Rs. 158 crore. The office segment has 
benefitted from rental contribution from Fountainhead Tower 2 at Pune in FY22 as 
well. The leasing momentum has continued in FY23 with gross leasing of over 120,000 
square feet during the months of April and May. Our hotels business has shown 
strong improvement on the back of higher occupancies, social events and food and 
beverage consumption. 
Revenue for March and April 2022 is 4% higher than revenue for the pre-COVID 
comparable period March and April 2019. In Q4 FY22 we witnessed gradual 
improvement in average room rates and occupancy levels which have breached pre-
COVID levels despite the transient impact of the Omicron wave in January 22. I am 
pleased to inform you that occupancy levels reached 90% in the month of March 22 
and 92% in April 22 at the St. Regis, Mumbai. While ARRs in April 22 are at 
approximately Rs. 11,700 and at par with pre COVID levels. Further for May 22 we 
have seen ARRs crossing Rs. 12,400 which are far above the pre COVID levels. The 
operating performance at the St. Regis, Mumbai has surpassed most parameters in 
the past couple of months led by resumption of foreign travel, domestic corporate 
travel, social event and staycations. These factors provide an excellent visibility for 
higher occupancies and ARRs in the coming months. Additionally, most venues on the 
hotel’s 37th and 38th floor were under renovation and did not contribute to the 
revenue in the last financial year and a few of them have commenced operations in 
the last week and the others will commence operations during May and June which 
will further add substantially to the monthly revenue run rate. Our hotel at Agra, the 
Courtyard by Marriot also had a good quarter and contributed approximately Rs. 8.4 
crore in Q4 FY22 with average Q4 occupancies of 55% and ARRs breaching Rs. 4,300. 
Moving on to the residential business we have witnessed very good traction in 
residential sales mainly led by the reconfiguration of our Kessaku development into 

 
smaller apartments and the robust demand for ready to move in inventory. Overall 
sales in FY22 stood at about Rs. 341.5 crore out of which Rs. 153.5 crore of sales is 
pending registration. We have booked sales of about Rs. 180.8 crore in Q4 FY22. 
Collections in Q4 FY22 were at Rs. 97.8 crore and for the full year at Rs. 276.5 crore. 
During Q4 FY22 we registered agreements for inventory worth Rs. 57.9 crore and for 
the full year this number stood at Rs. 188 crore approximately. We continue to see a 
strong build-up in demand and faster conversions for our ready inventory. We are 
stepping up our efforts to sell inventory by launching attractive subvention schemes 
for the entire development, special offers on ready to move in apartments and digital 
marketing campaigns to widen the reach of our product. Momentum in sales is 
expected to continue in the coming quarters as well. 
Moving on to an update on our under-construction projects, our current pipeline of 
under construction malls Phoenix Millennium at Wakad, Pune, Phoenix Citadel in 
Indore, Mall of Asia at Hebbal in Bangalore.  Palladium at Ahmedabad and the new 
mall in Kolkata will take our portfolio to approximately 13 million square feet of retail 
GLA. Construction work at all our sites continues in full swing and retailer’s interest 
for leasing spaces at our malls remains extremely high. We have seen some fantastic 
traction on leasing in the quarter gone by. Phoenix Citadel Indore is expected to open 
around September 22. We have seen approximately 74% of the retail GLA being 
leased so far. Phoenix Palladium Ahmedabad will also be opened to public by mid of 
FY23 and we have already leased 85% of retail GLA here. Phoenix Mall of the 
millennium in Pune and Phoenix Mall of Asia at Hebbal Bangalore should become 
operational by the first half of FY24 with Phoenix Mall of Millennium Pune currently 
being leased at approximately 51% and Mall of Asia is currently leased at 
approximately 66%. 
At our flagship property in Lower Parel for the new development Project Rise, we 
have received the environment clearance for the project, and we have awarded the 
initial shore piling contract. We expect to commence excavation soon. For our 
Calcutta project we have received approvals of the building plans in April 22 and 
expect commencement of work in the coming months. We have already commenced 
work on expansion of our Mall of Asia development with Asia Towers construction 
having commenced. Construction for offices at Wakad, Pune and at our existing 
development Phoenix Marketcity, Bangalore at Whitefield will also commence 
shortly. In the last month we also concluded a stake purchase from our partner in 
Classic Mall Development Company taking our stake up to about 100%. 50% of the 
equity stake in classic mall developers was owned by Crest Ventures Ltd and Escort 

 
Developers Private Ltd, a 100% subsidiary and Phoenix Mills Ltd owned 50% in the 
company. Post this acquisition Classic Mall is now a wholly owned subsidiary of The 
Phoenix Mills Ltd effective May 5, 2022. 
For this transaction Phoenix Mills has paid approximately Rs. 936 crore to the seller 
to acquire this 50% stake. Crest and its associate companies have repaid ICDs of Rs. 
251 crore back to Classic Mall. Classic Mall has also received approximately Rs. 97 
crore on account of the OFCD redemptions from its associate company Starboard. So, 
effectively net cash outflow for this transaction stands at approximately Rs. 637 crore. 
The company has funded the acquisition by way of internal accruals and cash on its 
balance sheet. This transaction is a testament to our strategy to prudently deploy 
capital and consolidate stakes where we feel the investments are most value 
accretive. May I now request our group CFO Mr. Anuraag Srivastava to update you on 
the financial performance. Thank you. 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Thank Shishir. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on this 
call. Continuing with the briefing which Shishir gave, I would like to share with you 
some of the key highlights of our consolidated financial performance. Income from 
operations for FY22 was about Rs. 1,483 crore which was up about 38% year-on-year 
basis. Income from Q4 FY22 was Rs. 495 crores which was up 28% year-on-year. 
EBITDA for FY22 was about Rs. 733 crores up 49% year-on-year and for Q4 at Rs. 241 
crore up 39% year-on-year. Reported PAT for FY22 was Rs. 263 crores and for Q4 was 
Rs. 117 crores which is up by about 101%. Q4 FY22 retail EBITDA mirrored 
consumption recovery and came in at about 106% of Q4 FY19 which is a pre COVID 
quarter and about 119% of Q4 of FY20. FY22 retail EBITDA was about 80% of FY20 
retail EBITDA. Moving on to a commercial office portfolio reported a total income of 
about Rs. 43 crores in Q4 and EBITDA of Rs. 27 crores. Our total commercial income 
for the year was at Rs. 158 crores, and EBITDA of Rs. 98 crores. On the hospitality end, 
Rs. 58 crores in Q4 FY22 and Rs. 173 crores for the FY22. On the collection side we 
had a very good year for collections, and we collected about Rs. 1,800 crores of 
collection. I am just rounding off the numbers. 
Retail collections were at about Rs. 1,174 crores, commercials at Rs. 169 crores, 
residential at Rs. 277 crores and hotels at Rs. 173 crores. During the year we also did 
multiple transactions with our long-term partners CPPIB and GIC. Total inflow from 
these transactions was approximately Rs. 2,600 crores for the year. We have further 
funds of over Rs. 1,150 crores which is to come from these transactions’ basis certain 
defined milestones across our projects in Kolkata, Lower Parel and our continuing 
investment from GIC in Vamona and Offbeat. 

 
Our capex was about Rs. 267 crores for the quarter and Rs. 1,200 crores for the entire 
year. FY22 capex includes amounts spent towards acquiring FSI and approvals for the 
office-led mixed-use development at Lower Parel for about Rs. 350 crores. As well as 
payment towards lands of plutocrat to PML of Rs. 350 crores. Including these 
expenses balance capex across of the portfolio is about Rs. 700 crores. 
As Shishir mentioned we are targeting a Diwali launch for our Malls in Indore and 
Ahmedabad and an FY24 launch for malls in Wakad and Hebbal. As a result, we will 
see an increase in spending in these malls towards this year as we near completion 
of these four malls in next few months. Further during FY23 we expect to commence 
construction at a retail site in Kolkata as well as Lower Parel, the commercial site. We 
also intend to commence construction of office on top of our operational malls in 
Whitefield Bangalore as well as under construction malls in Hebbal and Wakad. 
Therefore, our capex estimates for FY23 is approximately Rs. 1,600 crores. We have 
currently secured additional finance line for Rs. 1,000 crores to fund the final leg of 
completion of our construction malls at Indore, Wakad and Hebbal. So, far 
construction of these malls has been funded entirely out of equity and now for last 6-
12 months of funding we will draw out on some of these construction finance loans 
to fund the balance construction. Coming to the debt side, our consolidated gross 
debt stood at Rs. 4,380 crores as of 31 March 2022 compared to Rs. 4,300 crores at 
the end of Q3 which is up by Rs. 75 crores. The increase is mainly on account of draw 
down debt towards under construction mall at Ahmadabad and Indore as mentioned 
above. Average cost of borrowing is down to about 7.3% from 7.61% in December 
and 8.17% in last year March closing. Currently our lowest cost of borrowing stands 
at 6.40% and we have been renewing some of our portfolio at 6.40-6.75% levels. 
During the year we have refinanced about 55% of gross debt and were able to drive 
significant reduction in interest rate. As overall interest rate in the economy starts to 
rise, our effort will be to minimize the impact of this on our cost of borrowing. We 
have potentially another 30% of our debt portfolio which we aim for refinancing 
during FY23 which could yield us interest rate benefit of about 30 bps at a portfolio 
level and offset a large increase because of the rate increase by the RBI. For our office 
construction across portfolio and new mall in Kolkata, we will continue to fund the 
construction in the initial period by way of equity. On the liquidity side, liquidity 
position on 31 March was almost Rs. 2,500 crores. This includes Rs. 619 crores of 
unutilized or unutilized OD account. Compared to March 21 our liquidity position has 
improved by Rs. 1,750 crores while gross debt has reduced approximately Rs. 130 
crores during the same period. At a group level our net debt is about Rs. 1,880 crores 

 
and PML share of net debt is Rs. 1,253 crores. We are bullish on our business 
prospects and with a strong balance sheet and improved liquidity position like ours, 
our focus is now to deliver on our under-construction projects in time and judiciously 
deploy our capital to expand our portfolio. With this we would close our opening 
remarks and we will open the call for interactive question-and-session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question from 
the line of Parikshit from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi Shishir congratulations on a very strong quarter and specially the month of April. 
My first question is on consumption. If you can help us better understand on the 
granularity of this consumption growth of 129% versus FY19. If you can give more 
color on how the mix change in terms of tenants how much it was contributing from 
there and how much is contribution from inflation itself if you can give us some color 
there. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thank you for your question Parikshit. If I understand correctly you would like us to 
break this down on the contribution to the consumption growth coming from 
inflation, is that your question. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yeah, so I was talking on inflation as well as on the base business side if there has 
been any changes in the client mix then you would have removed some non-
performance client but so the rejig in the entire client portfolio because what I 
understand that the trading occupancy is still 10% lower versus lease occupancies. 
Still, we are delivering almost 129% of FY19 numbers. So, this number looks to be 
little on a higher side. So, just wanted a breakup on the change in mix and also the 
contribution coming from the inflation. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, really we have not seen a change in the category mix as such. We have seen a 
churn in brands within category as you are aware there were a few brands that could 
not survive this period of COVID and certain brands which were not performing we 
had to churn them out. Despite that as you rightly pointed out that trading occupancy 
maybe low. Our leased occupancy continues to remain across the board in the high 
90s. Trading occupancy maybe low because of several brands being under fit out 
during this last year. In context of the contribution we have seen footfalls to about 
85% or thereabouts in this last quarter. As compared to pre COVID levels but the 
average spend for customer has gone up and also as covered previously the trading 
density remains quite high with many stores not being operational and yet 
consumption moving up. Now it’s very difficult with 300+ brands at each location to 

 
really deep dive to understand how much of the growth has been as a result of 
inflation. To my knowledge price escalation if any have only happened from the 
retailers and in the last month or so. But generally, our sense is that the number of 
SKUs sold at all of these locations would still be higher than the pre COVID period. So, 
there is not a significant contribution of inflation in the last quarter. But going forward 
yes one is likely to see that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, that was my next question so do we see now see a higher consumption growth 
because if I compare consumption has being going at about 6%-7%-9% and now if I 
adjust for Lucknow consumption like the consumption is about 18% on a higher April 
base. So, if you’re saying that inflation is still not very meaningfully contributing to 
this consumption growth. So, the twin impact of inflation hitting in as well as trading 
occupancies moving towards these occupancies. The base business growth on 
consumption could actually surprise positively in the coming quarter. 
 Shishir Shrivastava: 
Absolutely so we are already seeing this in the month of May for the first 21 days we 
have consumption already being 25% higher than May 2019 right? Which FY20 being 
the big blockbuster year for us. So, the base consumption growth itself remains strong 
and this is further going to move up on account of price escalations if any done by the 
retailer which translates to a higher revenue share for us. We are also the sales season 
in June and July which will also boost consumption significantly. 
 Parikshit Kandpal: 
Great. Is the last question on your business development pipeline we did touch upon 
last time about 4-5 new malls which you are looking at like Surat and Chandigarh and 
Hyderabad and other places. So, if you can just walk through was there any status 
update on that. Have we tied up any new land, Greenfield land and lastly on the 
capital allocation size are we incrementally looking to 100% owned assets or again 
you will have some partners here. So, what will be the capital allocation strategy given 
very low levels of debt which we have on the books now? 
 Shishir Shrivastava: 
Sure so we have been actively looking for opportunities. In fact I am pleased to 
mention that we have an in principal closure for a land acquisition at Surat along with 
our partners of the Ahmedabad mall. We are currently also looking for opportunities 
for assets to own either 100% by Phoenix or under our joint venture GIC in cities like 
Jaipur, Hyderabad, Chandigarh and this is an ongoing part of our business. I think at 
every location one can assume that the mall cost is going to be anywhere between 
Rs. 1,200-1,500 crore at an average and we will be prudent in our capital allocation 
and not look at high leveraging and we have the capital available on our own balance 
sheet and also in the joint venture with GIC. So, we hope that in this coming year we 

 
will be able to conclude Surat and perhaps another land parcel between Jaipur,  
Hyderabad, Chandigarh and another market and these would be either in the GIC JV 
or directly owned by Phoenix depending on how the opportunities are viewed by our 
partners. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay sir. Congratulations and all the best. Hopefully we will get to get something on 
Surat. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
I want to just add on to that one point we will continue with our current approach in 
all of these new Greenfield projects where we will look at funding the initial phases 
of construction through equity and look at construction finance only towards the last 
18 months or thereabouts of the project cycle. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sure sir. Thanks Shishir and all the best to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now take the next question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Yeah hi morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first question was on your 
Phoenix Palladium. Now if I look at your consumption net at Phoenix Palladium versus 
pre-COVID, it’s almost at 98% but your retail EBITDA is at about 85% and if you look 
at our most other assets your right EBITDA is in line with the consumption trend 
compared to pre-COVID levels. Anything peculiar happening here? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Sorry could you repeat the last part of your question again? 
Kunal Lakhan: 
So, for most of your other assets retail EBITDA as a percentage of your pre-COVID 
levels is broadly in line with the consumption trend but in case of Phoenix Palladium 
in fact your retail EBITDA is at 85% versus your consumption is at 98% of the pre-
COVID level in Q4. So, what’s happening over there, what’s the reason for that?  
Shishir Shrivastava:            So, we have quite a few upgrades happening at our Lower Parel asset. In fact we are 
in the process of adding close to 600,000 square feet of retail space of which about 
200,000 is now nearing completion and will become operational soon. So, that there 
are certain expenses which are booked for these upgrades on to the P&L that would 
have brought our EBITDA percentage low. Additionally in terms of marketing 
expenses we have now amped up the marketing. So, in the last quarter we’ve seen a 
few of these live performances. A lot of marketing initiatives undertaken which would 
have impacted but I would say that it would only be an aberration in this quarter and 
we should be back to close to 100% on a normalized basis or even higher than that. 

 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. That’s very helpful Shishir. Again, second question related to Palladium again 
the 60,000 square feet that we have leased or added this quarter at Rs. 300 per 
square feet per month rent. The rent seems a bit low for that asset, your comments. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes. So, this is the new space that we have opened at the lower ground floor of the 
Palladium structure and these are minimum guarantee brands. In addition to this of 
course we have the percentage of revenue. We expect again on a normalized basis 
this is when you track closer to the average or slightly higher than the average for 
that building. As the stores become operational and consumption moves up. We also 
have a few anchors which are obviously priced lower than the average for the malls. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure and my last question was on if I look at the market that you spoke about right? 
Surat, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Chandigarh like most of these are like Tier-1 cities. So, I just 
wanted to understand your thoughts on metros are they kind of exhausted now or 
are adequately supplied or maybe oversupplied in terms of malls or would you look 
at opportunities in Metros as well. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
No, we continue to look for opportunities in metros where there is a potential. Now 
we believe that a market like Pune where we have two malls which will be with the 
one at Viman Nagar and other one on the western part at Wakad. We’ve covered that 
market. However, a city like Bangalore continues to have some opportunities in some 
markets. We have a city like Chennai continues to have opportunities in some 
markets. Certain parts of I would say Gurgaon, a certain micro market in Gurgaon has 
an opportunity for malls.  MMR I would say the Navi Mumbai belt continues to have 
an opportunity. So, there are specific micro markets in all metros where there are 
opportunities or rather where there is a huge demand we believe an unfulfilled 
demand. So, in terms of retail mall projects. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Any opportunities in terms of operational malls available for sale in these markets? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Not really we’ve scouted the markets extensively and it’s difficult to find assets that 
meet our quality or design criteria. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure thanks Shishir and all the very best. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Puneet Gulati. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yeah. Thank you so much and congratulations on strong numbers. My first question 
is how should one think about the minimum guarantee rent for FY23. Will it be safe 
to assume that the last two years which have been lost FY21 and FY22, the growth 
would be on the base of FY20 or should we assume 4-5% CAGR growth in FY21, 22 
and build in a minimum guarantee for FY22, therefore? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
That’s a very good question Puneet. So, let me answer it by sharing with you that if 
we look at whatever was the exit rate for contracts that would have ended in FY22. 
In the current year where we are looking at either renewals or new brands taking up 
the same space. We would see anywhere between a 11-12% growth from FY22. And 
again, this is only on the minimum guaranteed rent. Over and above this, you would 
also see perhaps higher percentage of revenue share from the same brand category 
going forward. You may remember Puneet that for contracts which were expiring in 
the year of FY21 and FY22, we had extended those for short term for 12 months or 
18 months. Which are also coming up for renewal in this or have come up for renewal 
in latter half of FY22 or will be coming up for renewal in FY23. So, we expect to see 
this growth in the minimum guarantee rent and perhaps also on the revenue share 
percentage on all of these end of contract renewals or new continuous renewal 
leasing. 
Puneet Gulati: 
You had alluded to this percentage share of revenue as well. Will that be applicable 
for just the small period of time to recoup the loss entailed in ‘21-21 or will that be a 
new norm going into FY24, 25, 26, 27? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, I would say for this first half of FY23 we will continue to see a higher revenue share 
percentage on account of waver negotiations or discount negotiations that we had 
done in the year FY21 and part of FY22. So, we will see a positive impact on that but 
for all new leasing as well the revenue share percentage in a few cases should 
certainly move up. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And will that for new leasing will there be a lower minimum guarantee or will the 
minimum guaranteed standards remain intact? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
No as I mentioned earlier we should see a growth in the minimum guarantee rent as 
well. 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
This is helpful. Thank you so much and second question is your malls are close to 
completion. Indore and Ahmedabad this year and Pune, Bangalore next year. There 

 
has obviously been a rise in construction cost as well. What impact has that made to 
your budget in terms of the total construction spend for these all? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, I would say fortunately for the malls that are under construction we had 
progressed significantly on the RCC construction until the last three or four months. 
So, the cost escalation impact on account of price escalation or input cost going up, 
the impact is minimal. For the subsequent phases of the project which comprise of 
offices in a few locations like Hebbal and at Wakad which are on top of our mall, we 
are evaluating what is the impact going to be. Steel prices and cement prices of course 
have gone up but in terms of Rupee value I don’t have a number to share but already 
we are seeing some softening in the steel prices in the last week or couple of weeks. 
So, we don’t expect to see significant impact. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay so but there will be impact on the finished products like marbles or whatever 
other. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Finished products the impact is minimal because all the orders had been placed even 
for elevators, escalators all the high side equipment. All the orders had been placed 
previously and the pricing is locked. The price escalations that we will see on account 
of increase in steel prices and the cement prices will be for the subsequent phases of 
the construction which will take let’s say another 24 months in all and we expect the 
pricing to average out to lower than what it is today. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay good that’s very helpful. My third one is now at Chennai Mall acquisition is 
completed, paid for. Then you did the calculation what kind of cap rate did you assign 
for a purchase of that acquisition for the mall for the balance 50%? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
If we look at what are the FY23 revenue, what is the FY23 NOI potential Puneet and 
in fact we are currently closing out our budgets for the next year. So, effectively this 
should be in the range of 9% cap rate based on one year forward rentals. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And lastly the guidelines for completion for Project Rise? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
We are looking at a FY26 commencement of operations or perhaps latter half of FY25 
for some part of the retail but FY26 for the offices. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Great and if I just squeeze one more on your commercial offices. Now that you have 
started work on lot of new assets. What kind of demand are you seeing, has there 
been any interest for build to suit kind of tenant system. 

 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, we are tracking the RFP’s in many markets Puneet as you’re aware our current 
portfolio is about two million square feet and by FY26 we should be at approximately 
7.2 million square feet including the Lower Parel Project Rise. So, we have been 
tracking the RFPs in the markets of Pune and Bangalore and there seems to be a very, 
very strong pipeline in both these markets. Not just from IT but also from corporates 
for front of the house office spaces which was essentially what we are building. 
There’s nothing remarkable to report right now in terms of any build to suit 
discussions but yes there are ongoing discussions with a few tenants who are likely 
to take up sizes of 150,000/200, 000 square feet or more. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Fantastic that’s very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thank you Puneet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have Saurabh G from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh G: 
Yeah so I just have one question on the commercial side just wanted to know how 
are the rentals on Pune commercial asset different from the micro market. Do you 
have any significant gaps or is it at par? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hello Saurabh, Varun this side. So in Viman Nagar, Fountainhead Pune is the latest 
grade A commercial that has become operational and the rest of the supply in the 
micro market is at least 3-10 years old. We are achieving a net rent in Fountainhead 
of Rs. 70-75 for all three towers and I would say that has some premium to the 
existent rents in the market. We have seen some good leasing traction in the first 45 
days of this fiscal year as well and in fact as of this morning we have leased about 1.25 
lakhs square feet for our commercial offices. This includes new leasing of about 1.1 
lakh square feet. 
Saurabh G: 
Okay great to hear that and one more thing on the Tower 3 now that it has received 
OC. So, the general norm discussion happening and the recent new leasing that you 
are talking about is it on Tower 3 or still on the Tower 2? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, Saurabh right now I would say that Tower 3 we have in fact leased the first floor 
in Tower 3 just a week ago and Shishir alluded in his prior comment that we are in 
talks with some tenants for large areas wherein they can take multiple floors for our 
various commercial offices as well. I would prefer to give a more comprehensive 
update on Fountainhead Tower 3 sometime during Q2. So, since we are still in early 
spaces of discussions with multiple tenants but I would say the response has been 

 
phenomenal and we are trying to balance out both the quality of the tenant and area 
that they are taking vis-a-vis rent expectation that we have. 
Saurabh G: 
Right understood. Thank you that’s all from myside. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Venkat S from Tata Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Venkat S: 
Hi. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. So, my first question is now that we are trending 
quite well in terms of consumption versus 2019 levels. If you could give category wise 
some trend as you know how these categories are performing versus 2019 level. Is 
there a broad based recovery or there are some categories which are doing better 
than the other. 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Yeah I think we are seeing a very good traction in terms of jewellery and electronics 
are the two items which we see along with fashions and accessories. These are in all 
three categories which have come I think some of the cafes, restaurants and the 
movie theatres etc are just sort of coming back on track and the content is being 
released as the pipeline of content is increasing. So, that will come up over a period 
of time but these are three categories which I think are doing better than the others. 
Venkat S: 
And in terms of recovery at least in terms of multiplexes are we there at 100% level? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Yeah we are there at 100% levels. 
Venkat S: 
Okay. Sure. Thanks for that. My second question is with respect to Chennai Mall. So, 
when we look other malls they are meaningfully outperforming this mall right? So, 
that given even in April, May whatever numbers you’ve given we are above 100% 
level but still there’s some divergence in the performance versus other malls right. 
So, just to understand what’s really happening there and if at all we are taking any 
mitigative measures to improve. 
Pawan Kakumanu: 
Hi Pawan this side. On the numbers that you are seeing for Chennai. This is a 
combination of Phoenix Marketcity Chennai plus Palladium Chennai put together. An 
important thing to note is here the hypermarket was Big Bazaar and as you very well 
know during the final quarter hypermarket which is a large contributor to 
consumption, Big Bazaar had its own issues so that has been one of the impact here. 
We are now seeing stocks etc coming back and thereby expect this consumption to 
pick up. Even separately on the other Palladium Chennai Mall, we have initiated 
certain measures to ensure that we are able to generate the kind of pull that’s this 

 
kind of asset deserves and with these occupancies also moving up we will see this 
come back pretty soon. 
Venkat S: 
Understood. So, then when I see the leased occupancy also it seems to be under 
lower side at 90%. So, you expect that to pick up and therefore then the consumption 
to pick up with a lag right? 
Pawan Kakumanu: 
Absolutely. 
Venkat S: 
Okay and my last question is when I look at the EBITDA margins of the office verticals 
at mid-60s it seemed to be slightly on the lower side when I compare with the same 
vertical of some of the other real estate companies because generally this is a vertical 
where the flow through is quite good. So, any reason for us to kind of like that? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, Venkat Varun this side. I think the reason for the low EBITDA margin particularly 
for this Q4 was on account of brokerage payments that we had done on account of 
new area leasing in Fountainhead Tower 2. Given that our overall portfolio is about 
two million square feet and we have about 0.6 million square feet of new assets, I 
think the overall brokerage payment in relation to the reported EBITDA may appear 
a bit high but as the portfolio stays up this would normalize. On steady assets you will 
see EBITDA margins of 75%. For Art Guild house and Phoenix Paragon Plaza in 
Mumbai and for Fountainhead for example if you see Tower 1 which is 95% lease 
there the EBITDA margin is actually at 90%. This is also to do with how these are 
structured in each respective market. 
Venkat S: 
Right so on a normalized basis post stabilization 75% is what we can expect right? 
Varun Parwal: 
75% for Mumbai and 85% - 90% for Pune. 
Venkat S: 
Okay so it’ll be closer to 80% at a portfolio level whenever it stabilizes? 
Varun Parwal: 
Yeah. 
Venkat S: 
Okay. Sure thank you.  Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you Venkat. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niket Shah from Motilal Oswal 
mutual funds. Please go ahead. 

 
Niket Shah: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. I think most of the questions are answered. I just 
had one question. If you can talk a bit about the Phoenix Nhance app and other tech 
initiatives that you’re doing and one how one thinks about near some of these 
initiatives contributing to our P&L over the next few years. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Thank you for the question Niket. Yes actually I am very excited about this subject. 
This Nhance app we have really seen a lot of memberships and these are at different 
locations but members can use the points that they earn across any of our locations. 
Bangalore recently breached the 100,000 members club and other locations will be 
adding to that. What this is really doing for us is giving us a lot of insight into our 
consumer customer journey within our malls and is also helping us curate experiences 
and shopping products for them. We have in fact upgraded our digital initiatives 
across various areas. We have a very, very strong CRM platform that has recently 
been implemented which is helping us maximize our reach to our customers. This is 
the Nhance app is integrated with this but we also have several other data sources 
which add to this CRM’s capability. We’re currently working on an ecommerce Omni 
channel platform which is backed by the retailers who occupy spaces within our malls 
and this will give us again reach beyond the cities where we are currently located. 
There are several other initiatives for customer convenience that we have recently 
incorporated and are rolling out at multiple locations which include in mall 
navigation. We’re talking about proximity marketing, we’re talking about geo-
fencing, mobile triangulation. We have dedicated WhatsApp chat bot services which 
are for customer convenience again and respond to their queries. So, we are seeing 
a lot of engagement and of course through our website and our social media handles. 
So, we’re seeing a lot of engagement opportunities with our customers and we have 
put in place the technology to communicate with them and that will also have a very 
positive impact on the consumption in our malls. I am particularly excited about the 
Omni channel ecommerce platform which we hope to have start the pilot in about 8-
9 months from now and that will also boost sales and open another channel for sales 
for our portfolio. 
Niket Shah: 
Got it so the Nhance app will be separate and the Omni channel is completely 
separate piece in the tech part of it. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
They are all independent parts but they come together cohesively in our overall 
digital setup. So, CRM will talk to enhance, CRM will talk to Omni channel. Our data 
science team will be getting access to of all this information to put together a more 
robust digital marketing program and to be able to also curate product and 

 
experiences. So, it’s going to integrate seamlessly into the overall digital ecosystem 
that we are creating. 
Niket Shah: 
Sure and what would be the traction that would have given Nhance app like in terms 
of obviously there are a number of members get you highlighted but there would be 
some traction that you would have seen right, that people would have generated 
points have started putting in the vouchers and then that again leads to a virtuous 
cycle of consumption growth. Do you have any numbers of this though? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
I would say we have more than 300,000 members across the app across multiple 
locations and we basically track our active users who are basically users who scan 
their bills and earn points. So, just to give you an idea in Phoenix Marketcity 
Bangalore, for the third quarter we saw an average value of scan of about 14 odd 
crore for that particular mall but since inception of that program since December 21 
is about Rs. 44 crore and this continues to grow. At Chennai we’ve had about two 
years of operations since we launched the program therein in October 2019. We were 
shut for a year during COVID. So, for about a year we saw our value of scans going up 
to about a Rs. 142 crore in that one year period. So, we are very, very focused on 
continuously engaging with the Nhance members and incentivizing them to scan their 
bills and earn these points. The earn burn ratio is average at about 30% when we 
track it on a quarterly basis and this number will also increase significantly. The 
rewards usage ratio. So, when our members unlock coupons for rewards we’re seeing 
the usage ratio being as close to about 60/65% and also this Nhance also gives us an 
opportunity in the future. Currently we are partnering with our retailer brands at each 
mall and they are able promote by way of in app banners and videos promote their 
product but there is also monetization opportunity there in the future. 
Niket  Shah: 
Got it. The second question was and obviously I’ll take this off line on the tech part of 
it, that would be better but the second question was on the fee side of it and I don’t 
know if it’s covered in the initial part of the remarks. If you can just give us some sense 
as how should one really look at this line and over the next two years and so one is 
once you build your own incremental malls where you have partnership models. You 
obviously generate a fee income but why not extend this entire fee income model to 
build malls for other mall owners which are trying to come into the country and that 
can also be source of income. So, is there a business model case there. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
So, at present we are providing property management services and development 
management services and leasing services because they are resources that are 
housed within a subsidiary of Phoenix Mills Ltd. So, we are providing these services 

 
to our own malls which sit in partnerships with other investors and partners. For this 
current year of FY2022 we’ve seen a fee income of about a Rs. 100 crore from these 
malls spread across property management, development management and leasing 
fees. We expect this number FY23 to be in the range of about Rs. 150/160 crore. This 
bump up will be on account of the new malls opening and new projects going under 
development as well where we will be earning this fee income. 
The second part of your question whether we will be looking at providing these 
services to other mall operators and developers. I don’t think that is our intent. We 
want to utilize the maximum bandwidth that we have on a substantial portfolio of 
our own and we see that we’re going to be pretty busy for the next five years in 
building and delivering all our new malls and just to give you an example our leasing 
team in the last financial year was able to across our new malls not the operational 
malls. Across our new malls they were able to deliver leasing of more than 4.2 million 
square feet. That translates into approximately 1,300 agreements. That’s the 
quantum of work that our in-house leasing team has contributed to the group. 
Niket Shah: 
Got it that’s really encouraging. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Perfect. Thank you and I’ll come back. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Participants are requested to restrict your questions to two per participant. We have 
the next question from the line of Parvez Akhtar Qazi from Edelweiss Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Hi good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So, the first question is what is 
the kind of capex which is pending in our mall and office portfolio? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Okay across our mall and office portfolio which will also include the development at 
Lower Parel, the latest project is I think we have a balance spent of about Rs. 4,600 
crore across all the projects that are currently undertaken. This does not include Surat 
but excluding Surat the balance to be spent is about Rs. 4,600 crore but we’ll be happy 
to take this question offline and run you through the details. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sure, and last question is what is the expected completion timeline for the Calcutta 
mall? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Kolkata we expect to have it operational in FY20 latter half of FY26 or early FY27. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Great that’s it from my side and all the best for future. 

 
Participant: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. It is the next question from the line of Manish Agrawal from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Agrawal: 
Yeah hi. Good afternoon. Two questions from my side. Firstly the consumption of 
Phoenix Kurla does not seem to have recovered in the April month. It is at 101% when 
the average portfolio is much higher. So, any particular reason for that. 
Pawan Kakumanu: 
Hi this is Pawan here in specific to our Kurla asset we were able to start our Marquee 
events only from the month of April and May and that too in the later part of April. 
Now in all of our other assets we were able in some form or shape be able to bring 
back etc and as you very well know events are a cornerstone of achieving the 
consumption that you have seen across all our assets. I think that’s only reason why 
there has been a slight lag here but other than that PMC Kurla at least in the month 
of May seems to be on track with others. Also a very important thing is from a leasing 
occupancy perspective and trading occupancy also Kurla has caught up a lot and 
thereby we should be able to see similar trends across all assets in our first quarter 
of FY23. 
Manish Agrawal: 
Sure understood. Secondly on the new malls which are coming up so Indore and 
Ahmedabad more specifically. What would be rough trading densities which you can 
expect going forward or the consumption in these malls? Would it be in line with 
Palassio Lucknow just to get a broad sense? 
Pawan Kakumanu: 
I think it should be fair to look at consumption or trading density trends closer to 
Phoenix Palassio which was the latest asset that we added in our portfolio with 
definitely Ahmedabad trending a little higher than that but Indore should be much, 
much closer to our trend that we have seen in Phoenix Palassio. This is specific to the 
trading density question that you had asked? 
Manish Agrawal: 
Yeah sure. And consumption? 
Pawan Kakumanu: 
Consumption should be a multiplier of that depending on the size. So, basically if you 
look at Indore. Indore is a 1.1 million square feet. So, obviously the consumption will 
be a tad higher than Palassio and Ahmedabad effective with the higher trading 
density should be able to trade at or higher than the gross consumption that Phoenix 
Palassio achieves. 
Manish Agrawal: 
Sure. Thank you. That’s all from my side. All the best. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank we have the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Two clarifications one in the retail assets of ours. What would be our blended holding 
post transaction of Classic so that we get an understanding of your share of retail 
revenue or rental revenue and second my question is on the office assets. There is a 
slide about new agreements of about 170,000/180,000 square feet. So, if possible for 
you to give us a clue in terms of utilization in the next couple of years? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
We have the capacity considering the Fountainhead 2. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What kind of utilizations we’ll see over the next couple of years? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
I apologize but can you just repeat your first question again. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I want to know our blended holding in the retail rental revenue? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
So, you’re talking about across the portfolio? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes of the portfolio. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Okay let me put it like this that we have in Phoenix Marketcity Chennai which is a 
million square foot mall we own a 100%. Lower Parel we own a 100% of the existing 
mall which is going to be roughly 1.2 million square feet excluding rise. We own a 
100% of Phoenix Palassio Lucknow and the two smaller malls Phoenix United at 
Lucknow and Phoenix United at Bareilly. In the other operational malls Phoenix 
Marketcity Bangalore, we own 51%. In Phoenix Marketcity Mumbai and Phoenix 
Marketcity Pune we own about 67% and we own about 74% today and we’ll be at 
67% once the subsequent infusion is concluded by GIC. In the under construction 
malls, we own 50% across the board. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, Indore and the Ahmedabad is 50%? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Indore is 50%, Ahmedabad is 50%, Mall of Asia Bangalore Hebbal is 50%, and Phoenix 
Mall of the Millennium Pune is 51%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, from an existing portfolio Marketcity Bangalore, Marketcity Pune and Marketcity 
Mumbai is where you have less than 100% holding that’s about whatever 64%-65%. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
So, blended average would work out to about 86% overall GLA. 

 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I was looking for that simple answer sir. Okay and on the office asset side if you could 
give us what kind of leasing activity growths that you see over the next couple of 
years. I think you have leased out 890,000 square feet which I can see from your 
presentation. This 890,000 square feet should be what number in next couple of 
years? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
 Okay so our operational portfolio today is about two million square feet. This 
includes Fountainhead Tower 3 as well.  And out of this 2 million square feet currently 
we are at a leased occupancy of about a million square feet and we are expecting this 
to move to about two million in this current financial year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
In this current financial year? 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Yes. And over and above this we also expect to do some pre-leasing for the new 
offices which are under development. We’ve set out some targets for our team on 
that should be in the region of about anywhere between 600,000-800,000 square 
feet. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, this million to two million you have the necessary visibility. So, it’s all 
because I don’t see in your presentation. Usually, you have given in your retail assets 
how much pre-leased but you haven’t given that in your office assets. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
We have shown what is the area leased. If you go to slide #44 of our investor 
presentation  
Pritesh Chheda: 
I can see the area. Yeah but from one million to two million you haven’t mentioned 
anywhere in the presentation so that’s what I want to know. 
Shishir Srivastava: 
Yes because it’s a forward-looking statement and that’s our best estimate at this 
stage. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava 
for closing comments. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for joining us for our Q4 and FY22 
investor call. We look forward to interacting with you during this coming quarter and 
at the next investor call. Thank you very much for your time. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Phoenix Mills Ltd that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
