lf' ~it'~ fi=tf}itg 
7~ 
NMDC Limited 
~zad{a 
(11RO ~ 
q;y '3'WI) (A GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE) 
-iri~ rv-·=i~ ot. 1V 
NMDC 
~ 
ct>lllfC1ll : ·~ 
~', 10-3-311{1:!, ~ 
~. lfffll'l' ~. tc;'<li\11<:;- 500 028. 
Regd. Office: 'Khanij Bhavan' 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab Tank, Hyderabad - 500 028. 
~~~
I Corporate Identity Number: L 13100TG1958 GOI 001674 
No. 18( 1 )/2022- Sectt 
30th May 2022 
1. The BSE limited 
2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
3. The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited, 
7, 
Lyons 
Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of NMDC limited post Q4 FY-22 Earnings Analyst/Investors Conference 
Call held on 271h May 2022 at 11 .30 hrs 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015; NSE Symbol: NMDC; BSE Scrip Code: 526371 
Reference the captioned subject, please find enclosed Transcript of NMDC Limited 
post Q4 FY-22 Earnings Analyst/Investors Conference Call held on 271h May 2022 at 
11 .30 hrs, which is also being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
Please take note of the above information. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
Frt:imlted 
A S Pardha Saradhi 
ED (Company Secretary) 
Encl: A/a 
~I 
Phones : 040-23538713-21 (9 Lines), 23538723, 23538767 ');cm I Fax: +91-40-23538711 
't-l)c;{ I E-mail : hois@nmdc.co.in ~I 
Website : www.nmdc.co.in 

q01 o;s1Jl{ft ~ 
NMDC Limited 
"NMDC Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings Conference Call" 
• 
'flqJiJl«l ~ 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
M ()1 I L\ I 0 S \\' .\ L 
C H 0 
A 
ol1d Resc rch Solid Adv co 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITAVA MUKHERJEE - DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
MOD ERA TOR: 
MR. VISHAL CHAND AK - MOTILAL Osw AL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 22 

• 
l{<il{Ji41«l ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Moderator: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
NMDC Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*"then "o·· on your 
touehtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Vishal Chandak, from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Thank you very much Neerav. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Call of NMDC Limited. I would like to thank the management of NMDC for providing us with 
this opportunity to host them for this call. As we all 101ow, it's a critical juncture and the 
government has announced various measures, which obviously the management of NM DC 
would be discussing. So, we have with us Mr. Amitava Mukherjee - Director (Finance) and he 
would be joining with the CMD very soon. 
So, without much ado, over to you Mr. Amitava sir. 
Good morning everybody. So, this has been a great year for NMDC 1 believe the results arc 
unprecedented in the history of NMDC. Even the Q4 production and dispatches were the highest 
ever. If we take the financials for the entire year, they are also the best ever. And it has been a 
very, very good year despite the fact that we spent around 5084 1,;rurt:s against the additional 
royalty that had to be given because of the MMDR act. So, despite all those we have managed 
to record the highest revenue with just 26600 in tenns entire top line and our revenue from 
operations of (+25800). So, as the profitability has also increased so overall it has been a very 
good year. Going forward, we believe that from 42 this year we should be able to make46 to 47 
million tonne we are planning to do that. 
So, in the coming year, let us see how the prices sustain the recent downtrend in prices. But let 
us see how the situation develops, but we are confident that our volume increases would 
compensate a little bit fair amount of decline that we've seen in prices even this year if you see, 
when the top line grew by around 10,000 crores around 4000 crores were quantity driven. 4 168 
crores was quantity driven which is the most comfortable thing for us to know. Also see from 
Q4 to Q4 although the prices had come down and we had lost around 761 crores based on prices 
but, the increased quantities actually helped us to earn 1248 crores more. So, we will have to 
depend more on now the volume increase, the top line based on volume increases rather than on 
price increases let us see how the price situation firms up, situation actually firms up in the near 
future and we are confident that we will be able to meet the challenges that come in this fiscal. 
So, thank you Vishal we are ready to take the questions please. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Prashanth from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 2 of 22 

• 
({'1({4i1'1! ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Prashanth Kumar Kota: 
Sir in light to the recent duties announced by the honorable FM 'sand the Government of India 
and right sizable in tenns of 30 to 50 from iron ore and 0 to 45 on pellets. Sir. now they arc doing 
their pat1 to control inflation or to lower their infrastructure bill or whatever it is and et cetera to 
help the poor but as a company, we need to do something to protect our margin so that the impact 
is the least on this. So, from this point onwards if something radically even as a indust1y as a 
company and also as industry we need to do to protect our pricing and our margins also. So, just 
wanted to know your thought process on this, because other commodity like if you see I 0, 15, 
20 and is not expected, but then they manage prices so well across market even if there is 
oversupply in vmious pockets, the map sizing is held up really good. So, something even we 
should radically do different to protect our prices, just wanted to know your thoughts sir. 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
There arc two things. So, far as the increase of 33% to 50% on all grades, it does not impact 
NMDC directly because we were not exporting we were not in the export market. And to that 
extent, so far strictly as NMDC is concerned it is of academic interest only. What it of course 
does is that it increases the flow of low grade files if you see the last two years data, most of the 
exports were low grade files and not high grade files, high grade files was less than 3 or 4 million 
tonne, I was in fact just going through in the morning and the data that I was given was that high 
grade files when we exported 46 million tonne from 62 to 65 was only 1.4 million tonne and last 
year when we excluded 15.26 million tonne high grade files were 62 million tonne. Now, 58 
so most of it were below 58 and some between 58 to 60. Now, as you know that in India there 
is not much beneficiation facility that is operational, some of us have it installed, but it is not 
operational. So, 58 will not necessarily as per my understanding effect the market of 64 because 
had beneficiation facilities been available, then of course, you can say that 58 that will not be 
exported will be diverted to Indian market and consumed in the Indian market. Obviously to 
consume 58 you need to beneficiate it and not much beneficiation facilities available except 1 
believe in JSW I'm not very sure if others are operational or not, there are some installed 
capacities including our own in Donimalai. But, most of it that is not operational because of 
issues of disposal of tailings of that. So, 1 do not think again directly 58 abundance of availability 
of 58 will again impact everything from 64 to 65 directly they are not in direct competition. So, 
these are the two perspectives so far as we have for iron ore of course. 
Regarding pellets of course as you know that in several small plants making sponges, etc., pellets 
are obviously a substitute for lumps. And to that extent in that market, there would be when the 
pellet prices fall and there would be a certain amount of competition there vis-a-vis pellets, 
lumps and pellets of course but the figure that 1 was completely sort of a little surprise was that, 
what I've been given from that, I understand from the steel mills is that in the last five, six days 
pellets prices haven't fallen all that much although the other prices have fallen. The figures that 
I have for seven days back at pellet in rifle has not fallen, pellet in Bellary has not fallen but 
there has been a decrease in prices of pellets at Burglary. So, still now pellets are holding up 
until such time pellets actually starts falling drastically that would be a direct competition to 
lumps of course we have seen the general market and a couple of days back we have taken 
substantial price cuts around Rs.600 in lumps and fines Rs.500 or something, I just don't 
recalling the figure, I '11 let you know that. So, overall that is the scenario, of course with the steel 
Page 3 of 22 

l{'l l{J:Jt!Gl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Prashanth Kumar Kota: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Amit Dixit: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
prices coming down. There might be pressures on our prices, but let's sec ho\\' it sort of, ho\\ 
the things settled. lt's too early to speculate on anything. 
Understood. Sir a small follow up, the recent price cut that we have taken is it, you mean to say 
this got nothing to do with the announcement that is generally market driven which was fire, 15 
day Jag something. The Chinese crises falling, etc., or this got something to do with the 
government action also, that force the market to take this higher cuts? 
No, because basically if you see just before the pricing we keep a tab on how the steel market 
was doing even before the price cuts the prices have corrected by Rs.2000. Rs.3000 across the 
board in HRCs and in longs also. So, there was a correction even before that, the correction has 
continued after the duty impositions, all of that. So, to that extent some amount of correction 
was required irrespective of the duty cuts. Let us see how it actually sort of stabilizes because 
lumps we have cut by 600 and files we have cut by 750. So, to that extent, the prices on steel 
and others also what happened just before the announcement, our off take from Chhattisgarh had 
almost, it was being affected. A lot of off take was being affected. So, we had to make a p1ice 
correction and thereafter now we are watching what is the price situation developing in the steel 
sector and the iron ore sector. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
I have two questions. The first one is essentially on inventory, which has gone up sharply during 
the year. And receivable is also up compared to last year. So, first of all, if you can let us know 
the reason for the same, and are there any chances of reversal in working capital buildup that we 
saw last year? 
Let's take the receivable part first. I'll just brief you on that. So, the receivable are basically one 
major component is the Monitoring Committee. Now thankfully, what we understand in a couple 
of days, we'll be doing direct auction and the Monitoring Committee we do not need to go 
through that Monitoring Committee and receivables around 1700 crores were towards regular 
dues of Monitming Committee, which of course today when the auction is held, they get the 
money, but they give it to us after the last consignment of that auction has been taken by the 
bidder. So, there is a gap of sometimes one month that increased because some of the bidders 
are not lifting whatever there so there are around 1700 crores trade receivables in the year end 
from Monitoring Committee, that of course has been liquidated, but fresh views have again been 
there. So, that's a continuous process and that will thankfully come to an end when we start our 
auctions by ourselves. So, now the Monitoring Committee will not be, the routing would not be 
through Monitoring Committee. What is very good is, since we are mentioning Monitoring 
Committee, that Monitoring Committee was retaining 20% of our earnings towards SPV and 
toward ECL. Now, when we are going in for after the Supreme Court judgment, when we are 
going in for our own auction, that would not be there and we stand to gain 20% on all the auctions 
that are done by ourselves rather than by the monitoring committee. So, that's a big plus, plus 
for an NM DC. 
Page 4 of 22 

lfil{RJ!tjt ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
AmitDixit: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Amit Dixit: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Amit Dixit: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Another major component is of course, I RNL and that is the only company where we supply on 
credit. So, that was around 1294 crores, but we have nO\\ entered into a bill discounting 
mechanism with involving IRNL. So, this in every three month's time will get liquidated and 
we will discount the bills at very nominal cost and that discounting cost will go to IRNL 
themselves. So, that we have worked out a pennanent mechanism so that the cash keeps coming 
even if it is a slightly delayed than others that is the only pmty we sell on credit. And of course 
then there is some miscellaneous, like 3 crorcs from MMTC and 21 crores which are more or 
Jess 21 crorcs was regular dues which has been liquidated since and some are price revision areas 
so that" s a small factor. So, this is about trade receivables. 
Now, if we are talking about stocking, yes our stocking has gone up by around 1.5 million tonnes 
because last year, our sales turnover was more than the production. Now as the production goes 
up, naturally there wouldn't be some amount of stock build up and that is nothing to be alanncd 
about its about 1.5 million tonne, last year it was actually much lesser. So, thafs a nonnal part 
when the production goes up some amount of stocking would obviously go up. Anything else 
on this subject, then I can? 
Sir just one follow up on this, what would be the ECL accrued, that is with the Monitoring 
Committee, if the Monitory Committee mechanism is dismantled, then we would get that also 
back? 
No, that would require a Supreme Court order which we have been pursuing the Supreme Court 
for a long time. So, that would be 2848 and that would straight away the day we get it hit add to 
our PAT, not to our PBT but straight to our PAT because we have been although in the books 
of accounts writing it off, it has been constantly disallowed by the income tax authority as a 
result we end up paying tax on that. So, as a result this 2850 odd crore come to us and it will not 
require more than one or two hearing of the Supreme Court it will depend on when their lordships 
decide to hear our case, but one or two hearing and we are ready to get the 2800 crores. So, that 
will be a windfall game straight away adding to our PAT as and when we get it, but that will 
require not only the dismantling of Monitoring Committee, but actually Supreme Court order. 
And this is only I 0% we are not expecting the other I 0% to come back to us because that is our 
contribution towards SPY. 
Okay. Sir the second question is one other expenses which have gone up sharply in this quarter 
despite nil exports. So, any specific reason for that? 
Yes, I will let you know, only you want quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year? 
Sir, both will be great. 
This is year-to-year let me talk to you about year-to-year of course the other expenses have gone 
up by. So, you have some amount of increase in expected credit loss that's gone up by 325% 
because the prices were high and it is an ad valorem charge. So, nationally, the higher the prices 
Page 5 of 22 

l{<i qJOJgj«! ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Amit Dixit: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Siddharth Gupta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
the higher the expected credit loss, then you have the mind closure obligations which has gone 
up by 49 crores that is because we keep on reviewing our cost per tonne for mine closure 
obligations eve1y year. And this year, our provisioning has increased by around from Rs. 17. l 0 
to Rs. 18.45 per tonne as a result is cost us 50 crores extra and CSR of course has been there for 
around Rs.129 crores extra, SPY is like again the expected credit loss that is an ad valorem rate 
upgrade when the prices went up so naturally our contribution to SPY would go up and to that 
extent RfNL we have settled our dispute that has cost us around Rs. 72 crores because we were 
having a dispute with RfNL for around 150 crorcs regarding under loading and loading charges 
when there were discrepancies so we have settled it half way with RINL around 70 crores to 
their account and 70 crorcs to our account. So, these are the basic major heads where it has 
actually increased. 
Sir, if I look at this quai1er in particular, it has gone up veiy sharply it used to be like 440 quaiiers, 
400 to 500 crores approximately, for last several quarters but this particular quarter it is 114 
crore. So, I was wondering why it has gone up? 
ECL has gone up by around l 07 crores, SPY has gone up by around 4 I crores, mine closer 
obligation has gone up by around 37 crores, CSR expenditure in this quarter has actually gone 
up by 140 crores. So, these are all the big ticket ones that have gone up although the export duty 
and railway freight has actually come down to zero, previously it was around 90 crores and 70 
so 163 crores have come down on that, but it has been more than compensated by the ECL and 
the SPY expected mine closure obligations around 37 crores in the Q4, CSR by around 140 
crores and around 6 crores by the NMD faci lities. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gupta from Voyager Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir my question is with regard to the demerger, so we were told that the next update with regard 
to it would be around July and when will the plant be commissioned and when can we expect 
some further updates on it? 
The next big event in the demergercalendar is on 7th of June, when there is a meeting of creditors 
the MCA has given the direction that this meeting of creditors and meeting of shareholders will 
both be held on 7th of June notices for which have been sent on 4th of May to the respective 
creditors and shareholders. And additional Secretaiy MOS madam Rasika Chobe has been 
nominated by the MCA to chair both the meetings. So, this will be held and once that is held and 
passed by both the creditors and creditors only above one crores have been asked by MCA to be 
there for electronic voting and registration. So, after that, these are carried through in both the 
creditors forum and in the shareholders will be going back to the MCA and thereafter it should 
take around once the orders are passed by the government of India, then we need to file it back 
with the stock exchanges. And then we need to extinguish the shares of NMBC and NCL and 
issue share in the ratio of I: l and then list that share in the stock exchange. So, apart from 
listening, I should tiy my estimation is it should take around three months after we file the 
Page 6 of 22 

• 
lfil{JlJl~ ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Siddharth G upta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Siddharth Gupta: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Moderator : 
compliance or the detailed rcpo11 regarding these meetings on the 7th of June. So, let's sec 
another a couple of months maybe for listing of shares of NM DC' Steel Limited. So, this is so 
far as the dcmcrger story is concerned, anything you need to ask on demergcr then I 'II move on 
to the client commissioning. 
No, sir l want to ask about the commissioning itself 
The commissioning as you know we've been hitting the coke oven for now three months, coal 
consignments have already a1Tived at Nagamar. We arc ready for coke pushing but unfortunately 
a major breakdown happened in the oxygen plant in the sense that 11 KV motor got burned and 
our experts tell us and Nikon experts tell us that an 11 KV motor is as big as this room that we 
have sitting in. If s not a small motor, it's a huge motor made by BHEL. Apparently they have 
not seen such a motor bum out in their lifetime. The engineers with 30 years of experience tell 
me that it has never happened in their lifetime. But that has happened in Nagarnar oxygen plant. 
As a result, of course that there will be a lack of availability of nitrogen and as you know that 
this coke oven is to be dry cooled, dry quenching has to be done with nitrogen. So, we arc looking 
for alternative ways including getting nitrogen through tanker. And of course, this motor itself 
has already been sent to Bhopal works of BHEL and they are getting it ready. So, once that is 
ready, that should take another 10, 15 days to come to Nagarnar and get reinstalled and then 
we'll have a steady source of nitrogen but to that extent, so far, because we will be doing three 
months of coke pushing to build the coke stock so that we can light up the blast furnace, it will 
take at least two months. So, by that two months we should be able to arrange through tankers it 
takes about one and a half tankers per day for the coke to be quenched that comes out of one 
coke oven battery. And by the time we can do the second coke oven battery on those things, but 
this was a setback, so this was a major setback, which was there. So, the heating has already 
reached the critical temperature and the coke at least, three or four which have already arrived, 
one shipment has arrived at Gangavaram and out of that four or five rigs have already arrived at 
Nagarnar the rest will also arrive shortly. So, we are otherwise ready with the first part of the 
thing and then it is a chain of events that happens one after the other. 
Okay. So, that's unfortunate to hear about that oxygen motor, but sir if I understood co1Tectly, 
the plant should be even according to your estimates, by the end of July or beginning of August, 
we should be able to commission the plant through other ancillary measures? 
So, that's the current outlook I hope by the time the BHEL motor comes back and we are able 
to do that because operating a full-fledged plant based on nitrogen from tankers would be a risk 
factor. But that is not a major problem so far as we are building a coke stocks because the blast 
furnace by that time has not been lighted up. But once it is completely synchronized with the 
blast furnace requirement then it is obviously that we would like the oxygen plant to supply us 
with enough nitrogen. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Bhandari, Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Page 7 of 22 

lff q~Jl{fl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Rajesh Bha ndari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
You j ust know mentioned that next year our production could reach to something around 46 to 
47 million tonnes. 
That is where we are looking at. 
Yes sir. So, in this, how much will be the 64% and how much will be the lower grade? 
We don·t actually get, we don 't actually mind lower grade at all. All our production is around 
62% to 65% lot of this around 2.3 million tonnes will come from Bacheli itself because the fifth 
line of screening and the downhill conveyor argumentation which was halted last year because 
the consultant has gone bankrupt that was FR projects have gone bankrupt as a result we didn 't 
have the consultant, now that we have appointed the consultant around three, four months back 
and the work is done. So, that will give us an incremental straightaway of around 2.5 to the three 
million tonne at Bacheli itself and the rest would be the incremental increase in the other 
projects. We are also driving hard for the ceiling, if it is readjusted at Kamataka so will get 
another 3 million tonne out of Kumar Swami from 7 it can go up to JO we are having our 
contracts in place for I 0 because Kumar Swami as you know is mostly private mining. We do it 
through raising contracts. So, we are now this contract would be instead of7 million tonne we 
are already designing the contract for I 0 million tonne in anticipation that sooner or later, we 
will be able to increase our ceiling from 7 to I 0. So, taken all of these because we deal in high 
grade 011ly 1111<l luw gra<le is sometimes only an aberration because the geology of a particular 
mind but we deal with +63 Plus definitely +62 and mostly it is 63, 64 and in Bacheli it is 65 also. 
So, to that extent, yes we are looking at somewhere around 47 this year. 
Yes. So, in that you said nonnally it is +62 grade. 
Yes. 
And we do get 65 grade also. 
Yes, especially from Bacheli. 
Yes, and you also mentioned 64 grade and above has normally no competition. 
Yes, because most of Odisha is 62, 61, 62 most of Kamataka is 62, 63. 
No, out of 46, 47 million tonne the production what we are anticipating how much is going to 
be the percentage roughly of (+64%) where we will have not much of competition? 
The Bacheli mines that produce the 64 grid and 11 B that produces deposit five which is 65% 
nonnally, and most of the DRS come from there and 11 B Kirandul, which is again a very high 
grade mine, these two taken together produce about 15, 16 million tonne these two mines. But, 
at the time of selling you see what sort of demand is there and if required we blended with a 
slightly lower grade to get it to 64 also, it is not that whatever we mine straight away we sell it. 
Page 8 of 22 

• 
q<iqSJJl«I ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Some amount of limited blending to meet our customer requirement is also clone at the point of 
dispatch. So, it really doesn't matter how much we mine of course we mine around anything 
between 13 to 15 million tonnes from these deposit five and 11 B which is very, very high grade 
mines so, the Kumar Swami and Karnataka is obviously slightly lower grade it's around 62 to 
63 but most of Bailadila is very high quality. 
Okay. And our and our lumps as well as fines both arc nonnally +62 grade only? 
Yes, we don't do below 62. 
Okay. Normally our customers are all fixed customers? 
70% of our sales is to three big customers. So, that is JSW, ArcelorMittal and Yizag. So, 70% 
of our sales is there and then there is a big market in Raipur that we have that is another 10% let 
us say around 4 million tonne at Raipur. It depends somewhere around 3 to 4 million tonne at 
Raipur. And Raipur is a conglomeration of many sponge iron and DRI and all those things. So, 
that would be around let us Raipur and 3 main is around 70% and Raipur would be around again 
another 15% let us say. 
And 15% would be small ones. 
Sir you said direct auction when you do you will be benefited by 20%. 
Straight away. 
Yes, so how much direct auction you will be doing sir? 
40 million tonne is there, in Kamataka our production is around 12 to 14, our ceiling is 14 we 
did 13 last year so this year, we'll definitely do 14, so 14 million tonne we were compulsorily 
doing through the Monitoring Committee. Now this entire 14 million tonne we'll be doing 
ourselves. So, 14 million tonne 20% last year we did 12.19%, 19 million tonne. So, this entire 
14 million tonne 20% of that would be coming to our kitty which otherwise losing and that is if 
we talk about 14 out of 46 so that's quite about 30%. 
That's 30%, is quite a good amount. 
Yes, from 30% to 20% it's a huge amount it's a big boost for us. 
Yes, when you will do 47% mining then inventory won't increase much? 
Our inventory can't increase too much above a level because most of our mining is at hill top 
and dispatches are from the valley, so where we get in town via a conveyor belt so as you know 
Page 9 of 22 

l{<i l{i{Jl«) ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
the value will always have a limited space of stocking. So, there is no way that if I wish I can 
stock 8 million tonne or 9 million tonne or I 0 million tonne. It's not a plain land like Australia 
mining is. So, l have physical constraint of space. So, beyond a pa1t icular limit obviously 
stock ing up physical good is not possible. 
Yes, because lot of people will enter market for iron ore. 
I was telling earlier how is export in market, if you see 95% of the exp01t were around below 
60% and 90% was below 58 and I said below 58 you don't have market in India. You don't have 
beneftciation facility. Whatever is there it's closed, my one faci lity is closed in Karnataka which 
is of pellet plant, why because I do not get the forest clearance and other clearance for sending 
my tailing, if you will beneftciate it then tailing will come off, there will be tailing, the more you 
beneficiate the more the tailings, now where do you go show your tailings so we don't get 
pennission so my I million tonne beneficiation plant which is attached to the pellet plant is 
lying idle and that is whosoever has beneficiation plant in India would be lying idea on the same 
account because he can't do anything to the tailing. Except I am told for JSW at Toranagallu 
nobody has operational, I have been told this, but this has to be re-verified except for that I don 't 
think anybody has operational beneftciation facilities right now. Lot of them might have installed 
beneficiation facilities, but operational, I have my serious doubt except JSW which does it for 
it' s own pellet plant within the Yijaynagar this is what I've been infonned. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sak et Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, when we look at the cash flow the provision for bad and doubtful advantage stood at around 
560 crore. So, this as a major component of this expected credit loss only? 
ECL and SPY, we don't sell any credit, we don't give any credit facility to any of the customers 
expect RINL. And with RINL also now I have entered into what is call the bill discounting 
system so I don't have, so this is the only provision and from next year you will possibly not see 
it because we had around 560 crores of expected loss and SPY for another 48 l crores. So, these 
are the only provisions that are made, no other none was favor. 
So, this line item is not going to appear next year and it is a direct gain? 
Unless the government comes up with something else but as of now nothing. 
Because the mechanism of this monitoring committee gets dismantled by what time? 
Now the customers will directly pay to my bank account rather than paying the monitoring 
committee because we are ourselves holding the, the next auction would be in a couple of days 
only today I only have the proposal for auction by NMDC itself. So, that would be the first of 
the block. Let's see in a couple of days. 
Page 10 of 22 

• 
lfi cp:iJl{fl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir you spoke about the off take being an issue at the Bacheli unit? 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Last around 8, I 0 days yes because a lot of it also depends as I say in Raipur that time a lot of 
size door is going to Raipur and Chhattisgarh the thing is that people sometimes stop lifting in 
anticipation of a price fall. That can happen here, price will fall further it's like by deferring 
buying of shares that in a bear mark el okay let it fall a little more all that sort of th ing. So, there 
was the normal uptake had actually come down in the Bailadila sector specially from the Raipur 
belt. So, now that the prices have corrected things will improve. 
Situation is still status quo as of now because the price correction has happened two, three days 
earlier only? 
There is some amount of movement there, yes. 
Okay. Sir why have the employee benefit expenses gone up sir if you could explain quarter-on-
quarter and year-on-year also more than 50%? 
Yes, let me explain year-on-year, so that has gone up by around 252 crores but a major 
component of this is that there was a loss in the investment of PF trust that's about I 10 crore, 
the PF trust at that point of time had invested in ILFs and Dewan Housing which were at that 
point of time AAA rating and Reliance Capital also there was some cumulative that and naturally 
the PF trust has to be reimbursed as per our trust laws. So, that cost us about I 00 crores and there 
was this, you know that DA was frozen, and when it was unfrozen. So, that cost is around 22 
crores and then there was a wage revision provision because the workmen wage revision is done 
every five years and now it is due. So, we have started providing for in anticipation of for that, 
because that was due for three months. So, the proportionate provisioning came to around 2 1 
crores and we had deployed from special incentive, etc., when we trust the EPOC making 14 
million tonne so that cost us around a couple of crores. So, these are the major heads where 
things where went up. 
How will the annual number look now going forward? 
Going foiward obviously, the loss of investment appear 100 crores will not be there, the DA 
increase would be normal and obviously, the special incentive would not be there, but the wage 
revision provision of around 20 crores will be on an annualized basis be around 60, 70 crores a 
year. 
So, out of this 1300 crore annual this 1200 should be the next year number in proportionate to, 
if we remove the one off item? 
Yes, so if you remove the one-off item yes around 1 I 50 to 1200 anything between that. 
And what is our update on the CAPEX on the projects that we have lined up for this year 
especially the slurry pipeline and sir you spoke about the pellet plant and we have been losing 
Page 11 of 22 

Cf! qqJll"fl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
money on a quai1erly basis although the year-on-year losses have come down from 133 crorc to 
71 crore, but still. 
This year we made a loss of only 2 crorc in pellet plant, from 71 it has come down to 2 crores. 
Sir but in your other, in the segment result it is reflected pellet other minerals at 71 crore only? 
It includes others also; you have Panna for 61 crorcs where the mine is close. We lost 61 crores 
and then Palwancha we lost around 23 crores, pellet plant is only 2 crores and now there was a 
head office of course with a profitable organization of (+39) crores, but pellet plant we made a 
loss of only 2 crores. 
Okay. Sir on the royalty part as it is now 22.5% the additional one, sir what portion. 
We paid 5084 crores on an annualized basis for the 12 months against 149 crore what we paid 
for the last four days of the last year. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohammed Farooq from Pearl Trading. Please 
go ahead. 
I'm a minority shareholder, I'm holding shares for the past 15 months. what I think like regarding 
the minority shareholders, being misled for the past 15 months with the demerger postponing 
for the last four quarters, again second question is like what steps are taken by the management 
to improve the value or the PE ratio of the company, if you look to unlock the steel plant which 
is almost 20,000 crores and your market cap is 35,000 crores your PE is only 1.5 which is one 
of the lowest in the world. So, what does the management do for this, I am holding for last 15 
months I'm participating in all the conference call and every time I hear the demerger is 
postponing by three months and three months and three months and I' m moving money can you 
please explain. Thank you. 
I do not agree with your thing that we have been taking you for a ride or something. I would 
strongly object to such insinuations being made against the management, I would strongly in the 
possible tenns, I would tend to disagree with the insinuations that you have been making. Now 
coming to your question, of course, as you know that the demerger is a process and there has 
been no delay in compliances of the requirements so far as NMDC is concerned, be fil ing of the 
first appeal, be it taking permission of the stock exchanges. Now these organizations whether it 
is MCA or the stock exchanges, they have their own procedures and own timelines of working 
through the finally after pursuing MCA we've been able to get this date of 7th of June for this 
next big event in the demerger calendar. So, there is no way that there has been any delay on 
NMDCs part, if you believe whatever has come has been one of the fastest so far, not only in 
cases, but possibly the demerger process in other sectors. So, I would completely disagree with 
you that we have been postponing it by three months, every time our compliances have been 
there, but it does take regulatory and procedural approvals and these come from organizations 
which are not within our control and despite our sincerest and the hardest follow up this is the 
Page 12 of 22 

Moderator: 
Ritesh Shah: 
C{<iC{AJl«I ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
best timelines 1 believe not only in the PSUs, I do not recollect the demcrger of PSU and their 
timeline. But in the other private sectors also this is absolutely one of the fastest possible things. 
Regarding the PE ratio, this company it is right now at 3.55 and, of course, the market would 
take cognizance of the pe1fom1ance of NMDC and the expectations of NMDC, but I will not 
speculate on how my share prices would be doing we arc, as a corporate it' s a very well-run 
corporate and if I were individual investors, the prospects of the company as I have been 
explaining, both in tenns of physical growth and in tenns of financial growth, physical I'm 
saying we are going from 35 to 47 in two years, I don't think anybody else can possibly have a 
complaint against such a huge massive growth and so, is the financial growth has been more 
than extraordinary going from 15,600 to around 26,600 crore and going further with the help of 
ECL and others being abolished we will be able to my own expectation is that we will be able 
to overcome or compensate the losses that might be there on account of a certain amount of price 
being on the lower side as compared to the previous two years. So, all in all the prospects of 
NMDC is rather encouraging. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Sir my first question is, if you could quantify the CAPEX number for FY23 and 24 and if you 
could give a broad split of the CAP EX that will be sir very useful? 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
CAPEX we are actually aiming around 3500 crores this year, this year we are aiming at around 
off with around 1500 crores will be regarding commissioning expenses of the Nagamar Steel 
plant, now that the commissioning will kick in rather. So, there are milestone payments related 
to commissioning and price variation clauses that will also kick in simultaneously. So, that 
should cost us around 1500 crores, slurry pipelines should be another 850 to 900 crores anything 
between that because as you know the pellet plant contract of around I 000 crores has already 
been awarded to L&T and basic design engineering work is under progress. The pipeline laying 
work was about I 000 crores it was allotted about a year back and a lot of pipes, etc., has already 
been bought so that is in full swing and the verification of facilities they have to be tendered, but 
that I hope it will be done soon. So, let us see what that is another major area of expenditure 
would be the slurry pipeline because the works are now in execution phase. And then as you 
know that the third screening plant at Kirandul, which is another 3000 crore project that has also 
been awarded, the major contract of that is around 1400 crores that has been awarded around six 
months back again to L&T. So, we expect around anything between 300 to 500 crores being 
spent on that contract as well. So, overall, out of this 3500 crore, these three big ticket ones 
should cost us, we should be able to spend around 27, 2800 crores of these three big ticket 
investments. Apart from that we have the development for coal blocks in Rohne and Tokisud 
that should cost us around 200, 250 crores in tenns of various approvals and land and all those 
cost and then we have miscellaneous expenditures the rest of it about 200, 300 crores would be 
on the various miscellaneous projects that we have. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, this was very useful, very comprehensive. Sir, my second question is, how much was the 
total CAPEX for the steel plant. How much of it has already been done and the balance CAP EX 
Page 13 of 22 

C{'i lpitJQl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Ritcsh Shah: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
how it will be funded, whether it will be a loan, NCO how should one understand that. Thank 
you. 
This is a cumulative expenditure till date and I'm talking about May up to May is 20,420 crores 
has already been spent, the estimated expenditure is around 22,000 erores. So, that's allowed 
2000 crores more to go and mostly it is either commissioning related milestone payment or a 
little bit of price variation here and there. So, these are the two basic heads of the rest of the 2000 
crores of about 1500 to 2000 crores will be spent we expect around 22,000 crores to be spent 
that is the revised estimate. So, that is the one, what was your second question sorry, I completely 
forgot. 
Sir, my question was the balance 2000 crore, how it will be funded? 
Yes. So, as you know that there is a credit line with Stake Bank of India for 4400 crore that we 
have actually entered of which we have drawn till date around 1144 crores So, there is more than 
a 3000 crores, 3400 crores which can still be drawn from that credit line. So, I don't think funding 
is going to be an issue at all funding, commissioning and initial running till such time it starts 
generating revenue, I don't think that's going to be a problem at all. 
Sir, this is very useful. Just last question sir, by when do we expect full commissioning of the 
steel plant any pmiicular date, month that? 
What do you mean by full commissioning. You mean by rolling out of the coils or you want the 
blast furnace blowing? 
Rolling out of the coil sir. 
From the date we start, let us say, and I'm just thinking a loud now. So, coke pushing would be 
around two months, let us say at least and if we start that by June mid, then two months of coke 
pushing and then followed by about a month of the other things. So, June, July, August, that 
should be somewhere around August and September. Because once you, light the blast furnace 
and you have hot metal coming out, you need to do, you better have your FMS and the rolling 
there because it's a single line steel plant. I just can 't do anything with the hot metal. 
Con-ect, sir. I presume the slab caster and SMS is already in place, right? 
Yes, the slab caster has been tested also, it's being regularly being tested also. Generally it's 
doing that and they have been up and ready and the SMS part is also, the entire people from 
prime metals are there so that problem had been solved long time back. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 14 of 22 

q"fqJiJl~ ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Sumangal Ncva tia: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir couple of questions. One, you shared a lot of details on the steps for a steel plant de-merger 
and eventual deli sting. If you have to conclude and summarize, what is the realistic timeline, is 
it fouti h quarter of this financial year or FY24 are we looking at deli sting of the plant? 
No, I don't think it will be next year. because if 7th of June is the big ticket event. That is the 
main event. Once we get it, and we' ll be able to file it with the MCA for the orders of the 
government, within June itself. So, thcrcaficr right up to the listing of NMDC Steel share should 
not take more than four to five months. That's our estimate that includes listing of the shaft itself. 
So, we have once we do this, then we go for the final hearing of the MCA and as the government 
w ill ultimately pass the order for sanctioning of the scheme. And now since because the 
government itself is following us very hard regarding the demerger process, and Deepum is 
obviously pursuing this with us very, very strongly. So, I would be ve1y optimistic about 
government taking the least time to issue the orders, once the compl iance boxes have been sort 
of checked. And this is the one major thing event is 7th of June. So. I guess then things would 
be expedited. So, I am hopefully after 7th of June another four to fi ve months max. 
Okay. So, by December, you're expecting it to get listed. 
I would hope before that also. Now, it also depends on what if SEBI take some time at the final 
stages of the stock exchanges take some time and the final we can only follow them but they are 
1101 umlt:r uur cuntrnl. Su, tht:y havt: tht:ir own internal procedures and due diligence, all those 
things, but yes four to five months would be fairly comfortable. 
Understood and the steel SPY so what sort of debt will it have eventually given we have credit 
lines, et cetera. So, what is the? 
Two things we have done MCB of around 530 crores, and we have drawn about 144 crores so 
if it was to be - 56:27 today it will have a liability of around 1700 crore as on date. 
Understood. Sir second question on the employee cost and the CAPEX which you shared so, 
employee cost what is the guidance in the coming quarters and given that there was a very sharp 
increase this year? 
I said that, annually about 100 crores was due to the reimbursement of the loss of PF trust. So, 
as 1 said, on the previous questions from I 000 crore is likely to go up to I 082 crores was last 
year, this year guidance would be around 1200 to 1250 crores max. 1200 crores let us say 
because some one time expenditure like the CF trust or the special agreement or those things 
will not be there. So, my own estimation would be anything between 1200 to 1250 let's say 1225 
sort of. 
Understood, and sir lastly on the CAPEX if you add up all the heads which you shared this slurry 
pipeline 800 crore, pipe laying I 000 crores, Steel plant 1500, then screening plant, development 
of coal blocks and miscellaneous, it comes to around almost 4500 crores. 
Page 15 of 22 

• 
q'iqs:i~«l ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Rashi Chopra: 
Amitava M ukherjee: 
Rashi C hopra: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
No, don 't add back these, when I'm saying 900 crorcs for slurry pipeline, the sluny pipeline has 
both the contract of the pellet plant of I 000 crorcs and the pipeline taken together we expect 
evc1ything between 800 to I 000 crores in these two major contracts. Similarly, steel plant is at 
about 1500 crores and out of the 3000 crore contracts about 1400 crore contract of the third 
(Inaudible) 58:14 plant, we will be spending around 400 to 500 crorc. So, these three big ticket 
as I said is anything between 2700 to 3000 crores these big-ticket ones. The coal is around let's 
say 180 plus 60 around 200 to 250 crore. So, that's 3200, 3300 of the five big projects and the 
rest is miscellaneous. 
Okay, understood. And just one last thing sir this December the Kamataka mine is Kumara 
Swami is coming for renewal. So, do you foresee any sort of a disruption or a gap in production 
or a smooth process? 
It is in October and now that the issue has been settled regarding the renewal premium which is 
22.5%. So, now that the rules of the games have been settled, I do not see much of a challenge 
on that. We are doing our homework and all those applications and et cetera have already been 
made. And things have already been pursued, I am sure that this time we do not expect disruption 
even for one day. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashi Chopra from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Sir this question on the, you've mentioned that 46, 47 million is what you're targeting in tenns 
of volume this year. From a selling perspective, do you see that this entire volume that 
incremental 6, 7 million tonnes is going to get absorbed without impacting pricing? 
Yes, I don't think demand has still been an issue because as I said in the question earlier that 
around 70% goes to the three big ones that we have and around I 0%, 15% to the Chhattisgarh 
plants which are basically dependent on high grid ore from us only. Considering that our grade 
and considering the requirement of our main customers, I don't see the challenge because as you 
know that most of our customers have their own expansion plans and have their own 
requirements, which is much in excess of what is our incremental production. So, I don't think 
that is something that I would be very concerned about at this stage. 
Okay. And on pricing, do you anticipate that this, we've already taken a con-ection on 600 to 
750. Do you anticipate that there can be a further con-ection in June? 
I will not speculate on prices that would be suicidal for us but let us see how these are early days 
because duty imposition has only been for around seven days. So, most of it, most of the 
discussion in the industry and in the pink papers are more the academic and we have not seen 
the actual effects, the long-tenn effects and things, how it depends on the prices. So, give it some 
time and I would not speculate on how our pricing would be in the future. So, let us see the price 
movement of steel and other iron ore producers in the new duty regime which has been 
Page 16 of 22 

• 
Cfil{J"ltl~ ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Moderator: 
Satydeep Jain: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Satydeep Jain: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
implemented. So, keep our fingers crossed and hope that the prices would stabilize around our 
what we are currently right now. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satydccp Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Just a couple of questions. One on the steel plant commissioning, now we understand Mecon 
has been hired to hire people for running the plant, where arc we in that process of the finding 
that team to run this plant when it comes on? 
They have already been hired and some of them are already, some of the boots are already on 
ground and some very senior personnel is also now a station at Nagarnar people who have been 
Chainnan of major steel producing company have worked with almost all the steel majors and 
very senior retired people who have kindly agreed to join our efforts in commissioning Mr. Singh 
the ex-Chairnian of IRNL, I am just forgetting his name, he is also there. So, we have had some 
people with great experience and great standing in the steel industry who have kindly decided 
that they would be stationed at Nagarnar and oversee the entire process. And we are lucky to 
have such experienced people BN Singh sir is there already who was the ex-Chairman oflRNL 
and has worked almost everywhere with JSW with all the big names, he has been a very senior 
positions. Apart from that we are getting experience hands from all over the steel industry 
through Mecon and a substantial part of them, few of them have already, Shri BN Singh is also 
overseeing our efforts and a lot of people with adequate steel experience from various steel 
products have also joined in and more yet to join some of them have their notice periods to serve 
et cetera, et cetera. And naturally, the critical staff is already there and those people would be 
joining by the time we are completely in the full role of the commissioning process. 
Okay, that's good. Sir second question on the pricing, maybe a follow up to Prashant question 
in the first question and then some of the other questions is, the objective for Coal India is to 
maximize the energy security, whereas the objective for NMDC is to maximize shareholder 
returns. Now NMDC is also the largest player in the merchant market, the pricing has an impact 
on the IBM prices also, can we I just want to understand any future pricing action will be driven 
only by market dynamics or is it just market dynamics that will determine the pricing for 
NMDC? 
Market dynamics has been the only criteria that we've followed for what we call is the our 
pricing strategy and philosophy, there is no other consideration. We cannot have any other 
consideration because around 80% of our sales are to private steel makers. So, naturally we play 
by the market, they play by the market. So, naturally, it's completely market dominated strategy 
on both the ends. So, like I would not like to speculate on what Coal India does or others do. But 
so far as we are concerned obviously it's purely market driven and it has to be market driven 
always, because if you leave out RINL which account for around 20% of our consumption, the 
rest of the entire consumption is by private players and we cannot have any other strategy other 
than those being pure driven by pure market conditions. 
Page 17 of 22 

• 
(f1q4~~ ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Moderator: 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Pallav Aganval: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pall av Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Just a question on what are the closing cash and cash equivalence including some of the long 
term liquid investments as of 3 1st March? 
We had around some 7000, I'll just give you the figure just one second please. 7752 was the 
closing cash balance on 3 1st of March, of which 56, 5500 were with PSU banks, and around 
2097 crorcs were with private banks. At that time, we had redeemed all our mutual funds for 
payment of taxes, et cetera, ct cetera. So, around 7752 was the cash balance then, 7816 was the 
cash balance is right now. 
And sir this is after paying dividends right? 
Yes, I am talking about 3 1st of March when the entire dividend was already paid, and rm talking 
about 24, today is 26 and I have the cash 27, as the cash balance on 24th which was 7816 crores. 
Sure, sir. Sir also just it would help in your presentation there's a slide on the basic domestic 
price of iron ore. So, if I look at that the Q4 average was about Rs.4440 per tonne and just when 
you calculate the blended realization it comes to close to 5400. So, is it the royalty thing, what 
else is how does this add up? 
This is basic, we do not add a royalty this is what I charge. So, you will have 15% royalty over 
and above this, 30% or 15% of OM F and NMET and 2% of DMF and NMET over and above 
that. So, but the 22.5% comes from within this price. 
Okay. And sir lastly sir now once Kumar Swami also is renewed then we can assume a flat 
royalty rate and there will not be any discrepancy among minds and probably? 
Yes, definitely. One good thing about now that you 're listening I've forgotten to just flag another 
benefit for NMDC from this entire self-option that the Karnataka sector and this is very, very 
important because that' s good to add to our top line. In the Monitoring Committee setup, what 
was happening was that the royalty was being collected extra over and above our basic price by 
the Monitoring Committee, but the DMF and NMET were being paid from our pocket. So, if I 
collected Rs. I 00 then Rs.15 additional was being collected by the Monitoring Committee and 
out of Rs.115, Rs.15 was being paid to these Kamataka state government towards royalty and 
Rs.20 was being retained by them. And then the rest Rs.80 was being sent to NMDC. Out of that 
Rs.80 we ended up paying around Rs.5 as DMF and NMET. So, even after the taxation I was 
left with Rs.75, when I declared a price of about Rs. I 00, now this Rs.5 also like in Chhattisgarh. 
For us, we now declared the basic price so if I declare it at Rs. I 00, my collection from a customer 
in Kamala would be the same as collection from my customer atom, Chhattisgarh, it will be 
Rs. 115, plus Rs.5 that' s Rs.4.80 actually let's take it at Rs.5 from the customer and Rs. 115, I'll 
give it to the state government as royalty, Rs.5 or another Rs.4.80 I will give it to the state 
government and the trust as DMF and NMET and I will retain Rs. JOO so my retention from 
Page 18 of 22 

q<1qinfl«l ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Rs. 75 actually goes up Rs. I 00. So, that's another 5% added to the bottom line. So, that's really, 
really big time and we expect that this to be that it accounts for third of our production almost 
and third of our production and sales. That's a big plus point for NM DC. Sorry, I forgot to 
mention this earlier. 
Sure sir. Sir, just finally our tax rate, effective tax rate was little higher this quarter. So, for the 
full year, we'll probably be back it 25% tax rate or slightly higher than that? 
25% plus what you call the surcharge and some amount of dis-allowances are there because if 
you see you ' re the Monitoring C<,m1mittee expenses arc disallowed, the mine closure obligations 
is disallowed. So, all these you want to add back, CSR is disallowed by the tax authorities, what 
you have add back these, then the taxes would fall in the correct bracket. And as I said, as and 
when we realize the 2848 crores from the Supreme Court order, it will straight away add to our 
PAT because we have already paid tax on that expenses. So, we cannot be taxed twice over. So, 
naturally that will add up straight to our PAT. Hopefully, we'll try our best to go, we have not 
recorded for the last four, five years despite our efforts. I hope that with the Monitoring 
Committee auction not been through monitoring committee, I would rather hope and expect that 
we will be able to realize this 2848 crore, the Supreme Court would be kind enough to give some 
time and issue a judgment on this. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
In terms of the steel plant, you 're given a very detail about the commissioning timeline and first 
coil production you expect in sort of July, August. 
August would be more realistic, July because two months would it take to build a coke sock. 
And once we light the blast furnace then it is the expressway. So, before the lighting of the blast 
furnace, it is more of a sort of a passenger train because you need some time to stop and build 
up the coke stock and all those things. But once you light up the blast furnace then you have hit 
the expressway at full speed there's no way because you can't do anything with the hot metal 
that comes out unless you have the SMS and the rolling mills. 
I understood that, but I had a follow up question on that in tern1s of how do we think about sort 
of reaching to a full capacity of3 million tonne, what are the things that would be required from 
startup to reaching the capacity of 3 million tonne and which are the units which will help to 
reach? 
I am coming to that. I have been told by Danieli and other things when I have been interacted 
with them. And I'm not a technical person but I' m actually this is what my infonnation is when 
I talk to the Danicli people who have given the blast furnace or Danieli who is making the slab 
crafter or type metals who's making the SMS and all those things. They say because these are 
very state of the art installations be it 4800 MQ blast furnace and the state-of-the-art mills and 
Page 19 of 22 

• 
\{'l\{JiJhJl ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Vikas Singh: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Vikas Singh: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
SMS. They say that ramping up these are not really a big-time job they are easy to ramp up and 
once you have the raw materials. Once you have the stability of operations and you·vc tested 
that commissioning that and got your PE so ramping up is not supposed to be a challenge as it 
used to be in the older type blast furnaces and all those mills. This is what I've been told that 
ramping up is not really a major challenge in such state-of-the-art technology items. 
Right sir, that's very useful just are there any further downstream units, which would also have 
to be commissioned after this? 
No blast furnace, SMS or the BOF whatever it is and then we can slap crafter, the first if of 
course the coke oven and that we have already heated, I said the coke has already arrived but for 
the nitrogen plant we would have started pushing coke sometime back itself. 
Understood sir. Second question was about the iron ore industry in India in terms of you have 
highlighted that you would be raising capacity to 46, 47 million tonne that is 6, 7 million tonne 
additions. ls an Indian industry, which arc the iron ore capacity those arc due for ramp up this 
year, and how much capacity addition we can expect this year? 
We did as a countty with did 250 million tonne or 251 million tonne last FY. So, what is to be 
added is the OM C the new leases that OM C has got but most of the leases that they have got is 
essentially running mines, which were auctioned, then surrendered and then allottt:d tu OMC. 
So, I really do not have the readymade figures how much that is going to add, because those 
were, some of them were inoperative for one or two years. Some of them were operating a little 
below capacity for couple of years and some of them were operating. So, from 250 mi llion tonne 
not much incremental capacity apart from NMDC and OMC is going to come. Now let's see 
how OMC does because our plans are going from the 742 to 4 7 hopefully, and as I said 3 million 
tonne from Bacheli straight away to 45 to three, another two at least from Kumar Swami apart 
from the organic growth. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yikas Singh from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Just one small clarification likely you said that with direct auction we would not have to forego 
that 20% of. 
20% and this 5% of the DMF NMET as well. 
But at the same time, we are just considering I 0% in ECB we are just considering I 0% of the 
amount which would come back that to 848 crore? 
Yes, our contribution to SPY is non-reversible, because that is one fund that has been created 
for mitigating the environmental damages that were there in those three districts. So, that would 
never ever come back to us because that is going for that special purpose vehicle which has been 
specially made for with a very specific purpose. What is going to come back is the I 0% that was 
retained on account of NMDC doing its own due diligence which we have done, and which we 
Page 20 of 22 

C{"IC{'lJl~ ~ 
NMDC Limited 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Vikas Singh: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Vikas Singh: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
Am itava Mukherjee: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Moderator: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
have showed that we have done and now it"s only and what is awaiting is the date from the 
Supreme Court and a couple of one, maximum one or maximum two hcaiing to get this. 
So, sir regarding the same. So, are we saying that this going forward if we are doing direct sale 
so that I 0% contribution which any which way was going to and not recoverable. We don't have 
to pay going forward that? 
As of now, we do not have any order saying that you must pay I 0, we are presuming that since 
the entire Rs. I 00 that we said is going to come into our bank and in the absence of any specific 
direction that okay out of the Rs. I 00 you must deposit Rs. I 0 with so and so and so for such and 
such purpose. I do not think that I 0% needs to be contributed as the instruction stand as of now, 
because they itself what I was reading, itself that the corpus of that I 0% of earlier retention of 
the last I 0 years is so huge that spending that itself is a fairly humongous and challenging task. 
Understood, so this is not statutory obligation so we don't have to spend? 
As of now there are no instruction so, I have not been there is no instructions saying that since 
you are collecting that Rs. I 00 right now directly from your customers that you need to deposit 
Rs. I 0, Rs.5 or Rs.7 with such and such authorities there are none. And since there are none, we 
have not, we arc presuming that no further contribution is required. And also we have heard, as 
I said that 11 lot of significant amounts of corpus has already been created through this I 0% over 
the last I 0 years. So, I really don 't know whether further such contributions will be required or 
not. As per our assessment it would not be required as of now as things stand. 
Thank you. 
Vishal, it's I hour 20 minutes. 
Yes, so we can close now here sir. 
Thank you. Sir any closing comments? 
Yes. Our coming financial year would be at least as good as the current one, if not better, certain 
headwinds in terms of lower prices, et cetera. I expect to be compensated or sometimes even 
more than well compensated by certain other developments like taking off the Monitoring 
Committee, 20% and 5%, 25% additional realization there. So, overall, when because again as I 
said even in the macro basis, 58% does not really compete in the direct terms with our 63 to 64% 
FE. So, on an overall basis, that our performance physically will definitely be better than as 
compared to the last financial year and even financial we'll be able to at least hold if not better 
our perfonnance as last year, given the overall compensating nature of the benefits that are there 
as compared to the headwinds. So, we had a great exciting year, behind us last year and we 
expect to have a great and exciting year in front of us where the demerger is due, and all those 
value releases will be there. So, it will be a overall a better and a healthy balance sheet in this 
current financial year. So, thank you so much to Vishal and your team and anything else Vishal. 
Page 21 of 22 

• 
q01qqJltj1 ~ 
NMDC Limited 
Vishal Chandak: 
Am itava Mukherjee: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Amitava Mukherjee: 
Moderator: 
NMDC Limited 
May 27, 2022 
Thank you very much for this elaborate call sir, a lot of investors queries ha~ been resolved and 
addressed. So, hope we'll have another fantastic year next year again. Thank you very much. 
Thank you Vishal, I'll log off right? 
Yes. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 22 of 22 
