Manali Petrochemicals Limited 
SPIC House, 88, Mount Road, Guindy, Chennai - 600 032 
Telefax : 044 - 2235 1098 Website : www.manalipetro.com 
GIN : L24294TN1986PLC013087 
Ref: MPL / Sectl / BSE & NSE / E-2 & E-3 / 2022 
May 30, 2022 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Stock Code: 500268 
Dear Sir: 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/I, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Stock Code: MANALIPETC 
Sub: Investor Presentation/Conall on 25th May 2022 - Transcription of proceedings 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcription of the 
proceedings of the Investor/Analyst Meet held on Wednesday, the 25st May, 2022. 
As required under the Regulations, this information has been made available on the 
website of the Company. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Manali Petrochemicals Limited 
R Kothandaraman 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As stated 
ONV•GL 
ISO 9001 :2015 
Factories: 
Plant • 1 : Ponneri High Road, Manali. Chennai - 600 068 
Plant . 2: Sathangadu Village, Manali, Chennai - 600 068 
Phone : 044 . 2594 1025 Fax : 044 - 2594 1199 
E-mail: companysecretary@manalipetro.com 
IS01-400120'!5 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
Manali Petrochemicals Limited  
Earnings Conference Call  
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Manali Petrochemicals Limited. We have with us today Mr. Ashwin Muthiah – Chairman, Mr. 
M. Ravi – Managing Director of MPL and CEO of Petrochemicals Group, Mr. Anis Hyderi – Chief 
Financial Officer. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode.  Later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, you may click on the raise hand icon to 
ask a live question. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ashwin Muthiah – Chairman. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Thank you very much. Good morning to all of you who have tuned into to participate in this 
conference of Manali Petrochemicals Limited. I am very happy that all of you could find some 
time to listen to us. So, I just want to open this meeting with a few comments from my side on 
the vision for the company. So, at Manali Petrochemicals our focus is to create a company with 
sustainable performance. The things which are important for us to note is that -  to maintain a 
sustainable performance – we need to basically have good operational efficiencies, focus on 
capturing opportunities for enhancing our production capacities, look at integrating our 
operations or our production system into greener operating avenues.  
 
Look at corporate governance, invest in research and development, invest in technology, 
investing in a good team of professionals to hold the sustainable performance of the company 
and last but not the least also to create a company that will be trusted by the society. A 
company that will give back to the society through our corporate social responsibility. So, these 
are some of the larger visions or the broader picture that I would like to put in my opening 
remarks. I have with me here - Mr. Muthukrishnan Ravi – Managing Director of Manali 
Petrochemicals and also the CEO of the Petrochemicals Group. I also have with me here with 
Mr. Anis Hyderi, CFO of Manali Petrochemicals. I would now like to invite Mr. Ravi to speak and 
of course we will open the meeting for the Q&A session and we are all here to take your 
questions and answer them appropriately. Over to Ravi. 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Thank you Chairman. Good morning to everybody. So, Manali Petrochemicals Limited is in the 
business of polyurethane. We manufacture polyurethane which go into a wide range of 
applications and additional product range that we have is propylene glycol which primarily goes 
into pharma and then put in fragrances. This company has been in existence for over 40 years 
now and our main focus today, as the Chairman mentioned is on operation efficiency and 
growth.  

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
In the case of Manali Petrochemicals one of the key areas and key differentiating factors for us 
is that we are the only company in India which is truly integrated into the manufacture of 
polyurethane. We have three raw materials, two of them are through pipeline and one through 
imports. These raw materials are converted into an intermediate product and into the final 
product of polyols and propylene glycol. This integration uses the advantage of being able to 
supply the market and change the product mix according to market demand. Our applications 
like I said go into both commodities and specialties and in the specialty segment we are able 
to fine tune our products to meet the needs of individual industries and within each industry 
individual customers, so our our focus is on investing in R&D. 
 
It is not only less fundamental, product development and research also helps increase the 
products to meet the individual customer needs. Our capacities and all those details are in the 
presentation engagement that we made today, but more importantly our focus is on sustaining 
and growing our operations like last year -  i.e. growing the top line and bottom line of the 
company through both organic and inorganic growth. I would stop at this point and open it up 
for further questions.  
Anis Hyderi: 
I will just show some slides on Q4 and the year. Good morning everybody. This is just a 
Disclaimer Statement. In course of the presentation we may have some forward looking 
statements made. This is a slide capturing the summary of the performance of FY21-22. So, we 
ended up the year with a total revenue of Rs. 1,690 crore with EBITDA of Rs. 547 crore, PBT of 
Rs. 511 crore and EPS of 22.16. So, comparing with the previous year, that is a growth of almost 
63% over turnover, 74% growth in EBITDA compared to last year, PBT grew by about 90.6% 
over last year and ETF lies at about 89%. This is a snapshot of how the quarter performance 
was for Q4 of FY21-22. Consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 421 crore for the quarter with EBITDA 
of Rs. 110 crore, PBT of Rs. 98 crore and EPS for the quarter at 4.8. So that is a revenue growth 
of about 14% as compared to Q4 of last financial year and there has been a small drop in the 
EBITDA by 15% and 20% in PBT.  
 
This slide shows how the revenue break up is for the current financial year and the previous 
financial year. So, as can be seen out of the total revenue, PG contributed about 33%, Slash 
Stock (SS) which is a commodity polyol sold in bulk constituted about 22%, base Polyols about 
9%, Systems Polyol 4%, prepolymer 7% which includes the system and the other products 
manufactured in UK and India and other constituted 25% which includes sales of bye products. 
This shows the growth in numbers for the revenue and EBITDA quarter-on-quarter compared 
to last year. So, as can be seen in Q1 our revenue top line was Rs. 334 crore with EBITDA of Rs. 
117 crore, Q2 topline of Rs. 441 crore approximately with EBITDA of Rs.164 crore, for Q3 topline 
was Rs. 494 crore with EBITDA of Rs.165.45 crore and Q4 top line was Rs. 421 crore with EBITDA 
of Rs. 110 crore.  
 
This slide comprises PBT comparison quarter-on-quarter of current year over previous year. So, 
for Q1 our PBT stood at Rs.107 crore compared to Rs. 4 crore last year same quarter. Q2 had 

 
Page 3 of 13 
Rs. 157.53 crore as compared to Rs. 27 crore approximately last year, Q3 was Rs. 147.7 crore 
as compared to Rs. 113.64 crore and Q4 the PBT stood at Rs. 123.47 crore as compared to Rs. 
98 crore last year. This slide shows how the free cash flow were generated and CAPEX spends 
and the cash and cash equivalent. So, for the FY21-22 we generated about Rs. 346 crore of free 
cash flow as compared to Rs.194 crore last year and capital spent was almost on the same 
range at around Rs.27 crore. We closed the year with cash and cash equivalent of almost Rs. 
612 crore as compared to Rs. 281 crore last year and as far as the returns are concerned we 
had a return on equity of 37% for this FY21-22 as compared to 30% last year and return on 
capital employed for this year is shown at 48% as compared to 41% for last year. 
 
And some of the key ratios from the balance sheet. Manali has a very strong current ratio of 
almost 5 (4.9) , a quick ratio of 4.4 and the days receivables outstanding was 36, day inventory 
outstanding was 29 and days payables at about 14;  an improvement from last year; net cash 
cycle reduced from about 52 to almost about 34 this year. Networth grew from about Rs. 680 
crore to a level of Rs. 1,030 crore and debt-to-equity ratio remains very low at 0.02% which has 
been the average for the last four - five years. Earnings per share as you can see has had a 
growth of about 90% as compared to last year.  
 
So again a quick snapshot about the result which is summarized in the previous slide -  a top 
line of almost Rs. 1,690 crores; PBT of Rs. 381 crore and EPS of 22. So, that is all on the results 
we will now hand it over to Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pawan Nahar an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Nahar : 
My question is for the chairman Mr. Muthiah. Number one - thank you so much for doing this 
call and would this be a recurring thing, ongoing thing in terms of reaching out to investors? 
Basically what I want to understand is the groups philosophy at a broad level in terms of 
investor relations in the other two companies. Would you do conference call there as well and 
if you can talk a little bit about the group in general? I actually have quite a few questions given 
that this is the first conference call, but it is more at a broader level to understand how the 
group would treat minority shareholders? 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Let me answer your questions. First of all this is a call relating to Manali Petrochemicals and I 
would be happy to say that we would try to, we would endeavor to make this an event that 
can happen frequently so that is something that I would very much like to do and we would 
keep the investors informed of the frequency of these meetings. Now this call has not been 
organized to discuss group related matters. So, I would like to keep that to a separate event so 
that is what I would like to say. 
Pawan Nahar: 
I just wanted to know - like would you do similar events in other companies like Tamil Naidu 
Petro or SPIC? 

 
Page 4 of 13 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Well we have started a trend of doing it and I am taking note of your points and we will try to 
see if we can also carry over to other companies as well.  
Pawan Nahar: 
I would also make a suggestion - given that companies are all new to the markets at least after 
a long time; if you could consider doing a group call wherein the management of the different 
companies are there and one by one you can take up issues relating to the group companies? 
Ashwin Muthiah:                  Okay. Point noted. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deven Mehta from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Deven Mehta: 
In which of the areas are we increasing the capacity and which are the other areas where we 
are going to enter in coming years due to high cash in our balance sheet and also are we 
planning to enter into polypropylene, resin, IPA segment and solvent segment due to our 
forward integration capabilities? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
So, the focus areas are actually in Propylene Glycol today. As you might have noticed we have 
announced an expansion of the Propylene Glycol facility and the approvals are in progress and 
once the approval come through we will start implementing the project. In the case of solvents 
and in forward and backward integration, backward integration for a company of our capacity 
and size is not something that we can look at because the backward integration takes straight 
into something like a refinery or a petrochemical facility. Forward integration is definitely 
something that we can consider. Of course we have to be mindful of the market that we  supply 
into and whether we have any chance of cannibalizing the current customer base, but that is 
something that we constantly look at and evaluate for growth options.  
Ashwin Muthiah:                      Just to add, I think our focus will be – our business is segregated into two parts -  we have 
commodities and we have specialty. Today our commodity business is much larger than the 
specialty business. So, our focus will be to first see if there exists opportunities for us to expand 
into commodities. Expansion of commodity can come either through Brownfield expansion or 
through Greenfield. So, right now what we are looking at is Brownfield commodity capacity 
expansion which is what we have so far announced. Greenfield capacity expansion is also 
something we are constantly looking at, but that will depend on the availability of raw material 
and until today we are not yet able to confirm a security of supply of raw material to go for a 
greener capacity expansion for commodities. Coming to specialty, this is the modern business 
of the two, but this is an area where we can invest in technology, we can invest in research and 
development and greenfield capacity will be something that we will continuously keep looking 
at which, of course can either be through an M&A process or can be through some organic 
developments. So, both these things will help us propel our position on the specialty side, but 
the idea of the company is to grow both on commodities and specialty so that we have a basket 
of products to offer to our stakeholders.  

 
Page 5 of 13 
Deven Mehta: 
As per you which are the products in a specialty segment we are manufacturing currently? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
We have several applications in specialty segment. As you know the specialty application is 
quite a broad range of applications. To name a few we have cast elastomers that we 
manufacture in UK. We have actually setup a facility in India to manufacture as well. We also 
supply to the footwear segment which is something that is a growing segment in India. We also 
supplied to the car seating automotive segment which has both commodity and specialty 
applications. So, there are a broad range of specialty applications that we can focus on and 
each of these industries have a different growth pattern and based on those growth patterns 
we kind of develop the market from our side.  
Deven Mehta:: 
So are we planning for some import substitution products in the specialty segment in coming 
years? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
In fact the product that we today supply in the industry is all import substitution. As you know 
India is a growing market and there is definitely a demand supply gap of a lot of these 
petrochemical products, be it commodities or specialties. So, our endeavor will be to actually 
look at products that have a demand supply gap and satisfy the Indian market.  
Deven Mehta:: 
Sir, are you planning for any buyback of shares or declaring onetime dividend for shareholders 
because of balance sheet cash of Rs. 600 crore? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Sorry, say that again. I could not hear you. Sorry, I cannot comment on that as we do not have 
any such decision on those matters as yet.  
Deven Mehta: 
Will it be used for organic growth – the entire amount of Rs. 600 crore in the next few years? 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
No. So we will be, as I said, keep looking at expansion both on the commodity side and on the 
specialty side. So, on the commodity side as I told you, we are already looking at our Brownfield 
growth, but we constantly look for Greenfield opportunity also. Now if any stage we do come 
across Greenfield opportunities where we are able to secure supply of our base raw material, 
to go for an expansion of commodity it will require a lot of cash. So, unless we are very sure 
that we have exhausted all our growth opportunities, we are not in a position to take a decision 
on the cash utilisation. So, for now the cash is being accrued to grow the business in the areas 
that I have just mentioned.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question from Anshul Mittal from Care PMS. 
Anshul Mittal: 
What is the Polyol and PG domestic industry side and how much is imported? Can you please 
elaborate on the prices of PG and Polyol currently and the year back? Which of the raw material 
is imported and what is the pricing and supply chain scenario? 

 
Page 6 of 13 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
So, I will try to attempt one by one. The PG capacity is around 100,000 tons in India and the 
Polyol capacity is roughly around 100,000 tons per month. So, today, we being the only 
producer of PG and Polyols in India the balance of the demand is being met through supply 
from international players who are importing the products in India and supplying the domestic 
market. Of the three raw materials that I mentioned, we use lime which is imported today from 
many different sources and these sources could widely vary from Malaysia, Vietnam to the 
Middle East. Of these three products, lime is the only product that we import besides some 
other small ancillary products that we use to enhance the specialty chemicals business of the 
company. Can you please tell me the rest of the question please?. 
Anshul Mittal: 
The next question was which of the raw material is imported and what is the pricing and supply 
chain scenario of the same? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Like I said lime is the only product which is being imported and because we have multiple 
sources there is no issue with availability of the material on time. So, what we do is because it 
is imported we carry about 15 days to 20 days of inventory and we try to keep it at that level 
because the availability of lime is plenty. As far as the product prices go there has been a slight 
decrease in the product price from last year, but then we have been able to maintain the 
margins because the raw materials helped us and the margins have remained at robust.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Jhaveri from JNJ Holdings Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
Sir basically since this is the first call and first interaction with the management if you can just 
throw some light..just going through next say between 2012 and 2020; in the 9 - 10 years we 
were stuck in the range of Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 700 crore top line and EBITDA in the range of 
10% - 11% and later on in the two years i.e. March 21 and March 22, the EBITDA shot up to 
31% and 56% respectively. So what has actually changed and can you just give a broader picture 
whether that is a structural change or something one off  as that will be really very helpful? 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Thank you for appreciating this system of meeting with stakeholders. I will just give you some 
very broad comments and then I will let Mr. Ravi tell you exactly what has happened. Broadly 
speaking as I told you our focus has been always to improve the efficiency of our operation, to 
focus on optimization of the balance sheet in terms of the debt and in terms of cash availability. 
So, we have been focusing quite a bit on operational efficiency and balance sheet optimization 
and that has given us a good base to basically take the company from what it was earlier to a 
level where it is today. Now Ravi will comment to you on how profitability has changed from 
year-to-year, what is it that is sustainable, what is that has happened on a one off basis all this 
I think Ravi can throw some light because also you would appreciate that last two years have 
been there have been a lot of surprises for the good and for the bad. So, I think Ravi will explain 
to you what is sustainable and what is one off.  

 
Page 7 of 13 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
I would split this answer into two parts - Over the years what we have done is that we have 
tried to maximize our operational efficiency and unlocking whatever we can unlock in terms of 
the capacity that we have. Therefore, we set the base to supply the market in full, to the extent 
that we can, as and when the demand picks up. So, that is one thing that we did. An example 
of what we have done in this regard is the terminal that we setup at the port where the 
imported propylene oxide which is the intermediate product to unlock the potential of 
downstream. So, in case there is a disruption to propylene supply from refinery or there is a 
need for us to produce more than what the refinery can supply; then we are not constrained 
by the unavailability of the intermediate raw material. So that is the base that we set. The other 
thing that we did was that we unlocked the trains or the operating system in our front to be 
able to actually changeover smoothly from commodity to specialties. Also within commodities, 
the kind of commodities that have an immediate demand, we set ourselves up to immediately 
meet the customer demand as it changes overtime and the third thing that we have done is we 
operate the license capacity and we have secured to the extent possible small increases in 
license capacity which actually helped us when the demand picks up. The fourth point I would 
like to add is that Propylene Oxide being a key intermediate raw material we actually had run  
persistent companies, set up Propylene Oxide facility and supply as and when they need some 
stuff and this Propylene Oxide has also helped us reduce the dependence on imports when the 
demand picks up. So, these are all something that we have done over the years to reset the 
base as and when the market helps us to use the facility. Now coming to the immediate part 
of the last two years I think I would split that those numbers into again two parts. One is where 
we actually did some smart buying of the raw material ahead of the uptick in the raw material 
price. So, as the lockdown started we started to the extent possible converting the raw material 
into finished product and stocking of the raw materials as to the maximum extent we could 
stock up. So, that as the curve went up with easing of curbs due to COVID we captured the 
benefit of that. Now on the demand side, the supply chain constraints that the world saw due 
to the COVID and also the restrictions on imports that caused the supply chain restrictions 
basically helped us capture both wider share of the market as well as have a better pricing 
power. So, these two helped the number which actually saw the result come the way it did in 
the last two years. So, I would say that there is a structural part to this number and there is also 
an immediate benefit that we got due to COVID. So, I will split it into two parts.  
Pranay Jhaveri: 
Just to question on the same aspect – one you said your capacities which were there which 
were probably if I have understood it right which were underutilized you made your raw 
material supply intact so that it can be used to the maximum usable capacity, so if you can just 
throw some light on what is our installed capacity and how the utilization level moved in a 
broader range in last three years, five years whatever? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
We have two main products as I told you. We make Propylene Glycol which used to be 20,000 
tons of licensed capacity which we got extended to 22,000 tons and in terms of licensed 
capacity we can make 50,000 tons of polyol. The way we unlock this potential and the result of 

 
Page 8 of 13 
that we are operating around 30% to 40% on the polyol capacity utilization which has now 
come up to about 60% to 70%. That is primarily because of the unlocking of the intermediate 
products. Recently it remains at 70% and not 100% because polyol by its very nature is a 
product that we need to change the train frequently to meet the demand of different 
applications. Therefore, it is not possible to achieve 100%. So, 70% is probably equating to 
somewhere around 90%.  
Pranay Jhaveri: 
And how is the commodity specialty mix change in last say, three years to four years? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
So we were very highly aligned towards commodity we were almost 90 - 10 in the initial years 
and we are about 80-20 now which is still not ideal and as Chairman said it is our endeavor to 
increase the specialty exposure.  
Pranay Jhaveri: 
So, this 90-10 maybe two years back? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
No, I think it was about 6 years - 7 years ago? 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
And ideally where you would like this number to be 80-20 number to be. 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
See ideally I think first of all we have to increase the overall volume. We do not want to 
cannibalize our commodity for increasing specialty because as far as India is concerned we have 
a very good position on the commodity side and we should be able to maintain that position if 
not gain a higher market share because by virtue of doing that you will have more control over 
the sustainability of the performance of the company for the stakeholders. So, commodity also 
has to keep growing. The volume has to grow in total both on commodity and specialty and in 
terms of mix as Ravi said what was 10 is now 20, but I still think our bread and butter would be 
the focus on commodity. So, specialty will grow, but not to an extent where it can become a 
majority, I mean as the volume grows, as the total top line grows based on our investments 
and future I would be very happy if we can come to close to 30% or a little more than that, but 
never will specialty be more than the commodity because at the end of the day we are a large 
commodity player and we would like to maintain that position to provide a  sustainable 
performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question is from the line of Gunmeen Kohli from 
KRChoksey.  
Gunmeen Kohli: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you give us a breakup of revenue growth in terms of volume 
and pricing? Secondly can you give us split of the margins in the commodity and specialty 
verticals? 
Anis Hyderi: 
In terms of our total volumes we did a total 60,000 tons approximately last year so it is 2021 
and the volumes grew to about 68,000 tons so that can be approximately about 8%. I think the 

 
Page 9 of 13 
majority of the growth has come from the price increase which we have seen both across our 
two major products PG and polyol. PG contributing the most followed by SS. Margins in the 
range of the gross contribution has been about 49%; again that is an average for the company 
for 21-22, but PG still lead at a high of 54% approximately followed by SS which is close to 40%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayant Mamania from Care Portfolio Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Jayant Mamania: 
Actually you have said that again import at the level of pre COVID levels again the price erosion 
has started and to what extent our margins will be impacted? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
We are not able to place the number on the margins erosion or growth because we do not 
know how the situation will change in a future, but I think the imports have started coming in. 
I would not say that they are at the level of pre COVID, but they are growing so that is the 
situation now, this geopolitical situation with the war in Ukraine and the high crude oil prices. 
So, I think it is a bit, how do you say, uncertain times now and I think until the war ends and 
things clear up there is till now no clear indication how this situation will improve, but as of 
now raw material input cost and increase in imports is leading to a situation where it is not the 
same situation as last year.  
Jayant Mamania: 
Can we assume that the poor performance upto 20 - now that there is a structural change it 
would not be repeated? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Like I said we will probably not be at the levels of last year, but at the level to which we have 
reached is anybody’s guess we don’t know that yet. 
Jayant Mamania: 
Can you tell us about the expansion plan which was declared in September 2020 in the PG 
capacity? What is the status? How much time will it take to complete the project? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
The project will get completed 18 months from receipt of all approvals and we are at the final 
stages of approval process with the ministry of environment.  
Jayant Mamania: 
When can it be expected? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
So, we could expect the approvals to come through in the next two to three months so it is 18 
months from there.  
Jayant Mamania: 
Sir we have entered into agreement with the UK base Econic Technologies for CO2 based polyol 
trial runs, so can you tell us about the progress in that case? 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Now the Econic project is very interesting because it is opportunity for us to get into the green 
space without an impact to either our cost structure or our production unit. So, what we are 
now doing is that we have signed an MoU with them which is being converted into a contract 

 
Page 10 of 13 
after which the trials will be done in two phases. The first phase will be a pilot plan trial that 
we will set up and run jointly with Econic. Based on results of the pilot plan trials we will then 
convert one of our trains into a CO2 enabled train and that will run and produce polyol and 
again that trial will be just to do more with Econic technology.  
Jayant Mamania: 
So what kind of cost is involved in that as in what is the project cost? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
The project cost will be somewhere… the pilot plant would be somewhere around $200,000 to 
$300,000. 
Jayant Mamania: 
When it is expected to start? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
The pilot plant should start as soon as the contract is signed which is we are talking about one 
odd year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shah an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Jignesh Shah: 
So my first question is regarding the CAPEX plan what we have which was we are talking on 
September 2020, could you please update on what is the CAPEX cost and what is the capacity 
we are planning for PG expansion? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
There are two phases of this project this PG expansion project. The first phase is expansion 
which is a low cost expansion because the Brownfield expansion which will give us about 
20,000 tons of PG and that will come at about Rs.65 crore and the second expansion will be a 
similar capacity and that will come at about Rs. 160 crore.  
Jignesh Shah: 
The next point I have if I look at the financial we have clocked much higher revenue as 
compared to last Q4, but our EBITDA is much lower, could you please elaborate why the EBITDA 
is lower in this quarter as compared to last Q4 - which are the major driving factors of that? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Basically as you know raw material prices have run up and that is primarily the reason for that.  
Anis Hyderi: 
As you rightly said Ravi, the raw material prices are increased compared to last quarter because 
of the crude prices going up. Also we have witnessed small correction in realization for PG and 
polyol because of the supply chain this year as compared to last year. Last year Q4 realization 
was slightly better than what we were getting from Q4 of current financial year.  
Ashwin Muthiah: 
Well, to add here I would say that the realizations we have seen has been a very special 
realization. So, this is something that was dependent on the global pandemic situation. So, I 
think it was a very special time where our realizations have been extraordinary. So I would 
think that what we are going to be seeing from now on would be more sustainable and realistic 
in terms of numbers.  

 
Page 11 of 13 
Jignesh Shah: 
And the last point I have we have a polyol capacity is 50,000 ton per annum, but we could 
operate at 60% to 70% utilization only due to frequent changeover, so are we thinking to setup 
new production line on polyols in near future? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
So, we recently increased from two trains to three trains and we will definitely look at that 
based on the demand situation because it is not a straight forward correlation. If you have 
trains immediately the capacity goes up because it also depends on how the train is designed 
and the market demand, but that is something that we do constantly do this. 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
And as I said this also depends on our constant search for availability of raw material. So, as 
and when we are able to we will keep on working on sourcing raw material within India. So as 
and when we are able to secure a more sustainable supply of raw material we will not hesitate 
to expand capacity.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question from Pranjul Agarwal from Green Portfolio. 
Pranjul Agarwal: 
Polyol accounts for more than 50% of the revenue; still capacity utilization is at 60% ; could you 
please share the reason for it - are we not seeing enough demand? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
I think we answered that already because of frequent changes to the train -  maybe there is a 
need for more rigor operation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is again a text question from Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. 
Aditya Sen: 
Can you please give us broad outlook on resumption of import of finished goods what are the 
possible circumstances when the suppliers will resume supplying to India? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Like we mentioned the supply chain has eased already and we are seeing imports significantly 
gone and I think in the current financial year they should go back the pre pandemic level.  
Ashwin Muthiah:                     But the focus will be to compete and secure the market for us. I think that is what we will 
have to be constantly working on. So, import can come in, as long as they find that there is a 
competitive environment for them, but our focus and our job at Manali Petrochemicals is 
that we constantly keep our efficiencies high and our cost as optimum as possible so that we 
can face off the competition and continue to sustain the market share.  
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
Just to add to our Chairman’s comment, our local presence given the nature of the product 
gives us an edge over the importer because we are able to just in time support technically 
whenever it is required and our endeavor to increase the capacities will obviously contribute 
to better top and bottom.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kalai Jyoti from Snow Wealth Financial Service. 

 
Page 12 of 13 
Kalai Jyoti: 
Thank you Chairman Sir for giving us the opportunity to take part in this session. The last two 
years growth is very good; whether this may continue to future?  Second, what steps has 
company taken to maintain the EBITDA level in future also? 
Ashwin Muthiah: 
I think we have touched upon this earlier. As I said the last year especially has been a very 
special year for the company and this has been basically because of the surprises. The market 
has eased due to the lockdowns and the pandemic. However, it is our endeavor to put in 
operating parameters that will sustain our business over a longer period of time. So, as we have 
discussed, our focus will be on improving efficiencies, our focus will be on managing the raw 
material supply, our focus will be on managing our financial parameters, our focus will be on 
our balance sheet health. Also as we have explained we will work towards bringing in a 
technology like Iconic where if we are successful then that helps us to at least partly replace 
our raw material with a raw material that is made from CO2 which helps us on costing, which 
in turn helps us in reducing the input cost. So, these are the efforts we will put in to make sure 
that we are able to sustain a good performance parameters. So, that is our whole approach 
and not get carried away by what we have seen in the last year which is basically a surprise for 
everybody.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunmeen Kohli from KRChoksey. Please go 
ahead. 
Gunmeen Kohli: 
I had a follow up question what is the current pricing environment for your product and how 
will it affect both going forward since you mentioned bulk of your revenue growth for this year 
is coming from pricing power, so could you just elaborate on that? 
Muthukrishnan Ravi: 
I think compared to last year the prices have definitely softened a bit; the raw material prices 
have gone up as well so that is the immediate situation, but like I said this is an evolving 
scenario so we need to wait and see how the margins will change over this year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Hyderi for closing comments.  
Anis Hyderi: 
We thank the participants for having joined for this very first analyst investor call that company 
have organized. As mentioned by the Chairman we will try to make this a more frequent event. 
I hope we have addressed concerns and questions that the investors had in call today. So, thank 
you very much ladies and gentlemen and we hope to connect with you soon going forward.  
Ashwin Muthiah:               
I would also like to convey my thanks to everybody who has participated in today’s call and it 
is also a great source of motivation for us to continue to have this engagement with the 
stakeholders and as I have said our focus is on creating a solid foundation in the company to 
provide good governance, commitment and the sustainable performance. My special thanks 

 
Page 13 of 13 
to the organizers for organizing this very nice and opening analyst meet for the company. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Manali Petrochemicals Limited that concludes 
today’s session. Thank you for your participation. You may now click to the exit meeting to 
disconnect.  
