 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2022 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
The Relationship Manager 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on May 27, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated May 13, 2022, towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy of the 
transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on May 27, 2022. 
 
Kindly take this intimation on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
 
 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
VINAYA 
ABHIJIT 
JOSHI
Digitally signed 
by VINAYA 
ABHIJIT JOSHI 
Date: 2022.05.30 
14:51:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MD, CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CFO, CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Financial Results 
Call for Q4 FY22 and Full Year FY22. We hope you are all keeping safe and healthy. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*”and then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Ashwath Ram – MD, Cummins India Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for taking your valuable time to 
come and talk to us. My name is Ashwath Ram – Managing Director of Cummins India Limited. 
I hope you and your families are doing well and staying safe. Joining me today on this call is 
Mr. Ajay Patil, our Chief Financial Officer of Cummins India Limited. Thank you for joining us 
for the CIL financial results call for FY22 and full year FY22.  
At the outset, I’m very happy to inform you that Cummins India Limited, closed FY22 with 
record revenues and so did our associate Company Cummins Generator Technologies India 
Private Limited and JV Valvoline Cummins Private Limited. 
Post wave two of COVID-19, we observed strong economic rebound enabled by a combination 
of factors like mass vaccination, government spends on infrastructure and social programs, pent-
up demand across different sectors. Cummins India responded strongly despite significant 
supply chain challenges to meet the demand from domestic and export segments. High 
commodity cost inflation continued throughout the year. Cummins India employed tactical 
pricing actions and continued efforts of cost containment and reduction to help mitigate impact 
of commodity inflation. We continue to leverage our global integrated supply chain to meet 
demand from customers for domestic and export segments.  
Now, I would like to share the Financial Results for Q4 FY22 and full year FY22: 
For the quarter ended March 31, 2022, with respect to the same quarter last year, our sales at 
Rs.1468 crores were higher by 19% compared to Rs.1231 crores recorded in the same quarter 
last year. Domestic sales at Rs.1046 crores were higher by 7%. Exports at Rs.423 crores 
increased by 66%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at Rs.244 crores is lower by 1% 
compared to Rs.245 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. For the quarter ended March 
31, 2022 with respect to the last quarter our sales at Rs.1468 crores were lower by 14% compared 
to Rs.1701 crore recorded in the last quarter. Domestic sales at Rs.1046 crore were lower by 
17%. Exports at Rs.423 crores will lower by 4%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at 
Rs.244 crores will lower by 24% compared to Rs.320 crores recorded in the last quarter. 
I will now walk through the segment wise breakup for quarter ended March 31, 2022: 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
The sales breakup by segment are domestic. Power generation domestic sales were Rs.471 
crores, 33% increase over last year, 6% decrease over last quarter. Distribution business sales 
were 369 crores, 10% increase over last year and 18% decrease over last quarter. Industrial 
domestic business sales were Rs.191 crores, 29% decrease over last year and 34% lower than 
last quarter. Exports, high horsepower exports were Rs.203 crores, 50% increase over last year, 
5% increase over last quarter. Low horsepower exports were Rs.187 crores, 97% increase over 
last year, 14% decrease over last quarter. For the year ended March 31, 2022 with respect to last 
year. We had record sales at Rs.6026 crores higher by 42% compared to Rs.4256 crores recorded 
last year. Domestic sales at Rs.4416 crores were higher by 42%. Exports at Rs.1610 crores 
increased by 40%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at Rs.1027 crores is 27% higher than 
last year.  
Segment wise breakups for the year ended March 31, 2022. The sales breakup segment wise are 
as follows. Power generation domestic sales were Rs.1959 crores which is 77% increase over 
last year. Distribution business sales were Rs.1484 crores a 23% increase over last year. 
Industrial domestic business sales were 899 crores, 21% increase over last year. Exports high 
horsepower export sales were Rs.808 crores a 33% increase over last year. Low horsepower 
export sales were up Rs.681 crores a 51% increase over last year. 
As far as Cummins India financial guidelines for financial year 23. The Company expects the 
current trend of sustained growth across multiple industries and segments, demand outlook from 
various end markets continues to be positive. The Company continues to work on stabilizing 
supply chain and power supplies. We are closely watching the impact of high inflation, 
geopolitical events unfolding in different parts of the world and their impact on demand and the 
supply chain as a consequence. Considering these uncertainties, the Company will not be 
providing any guidance for FY23. With this, I now open the session for questions. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is pertaining to the margins especially gross margin. What we have observed in 
the current quarter the mix between domestic and export is usually treated towards export its 
more like 70:30 versus the usual run rate of 75:25 what we have. But despite that, we’ve had 
almost 100 to 150 basis points margin contraction at gross level. So, would you be able to guide 
us, had this exchange not been there, the gross margin decline would have been even sharper. 
So, to what extent have we taken pricing action and when this mix normalizes, in the coming 
quarters, do you foresee the gross margin pressure to continue and if any price hikes which are 
taken maybe say, during the end of quarter are not fully impacted? If you can guide on those 
lines, please?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so Sandeep very good question. And this is a question, which has been our continuous 
battle now for the last almost four quarters. And we think this battle will continue for at least a 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
few more quarters. So, the commodity rises are unprecedented and the rate of growth of 
commodities has been unprecedented. And so the biggest impact on the margins has been 
because of the commodity increases, we have been able to partially offset some of those because 
of the mix as you mentioned, because of some of the price increases that we have passed through, 
because of cost reduction activities and cost containment activities. But the overall lag between 
when we keep increasing prices. And as a market leader, we are the first to increase prices. And 
that of catch up with the commodities in my view is roughly about a quarter, a quarter and a half. 
So, we are playing a catch-up game and that directly is flowing through into the bottom line. 
What we do think that once commodities start stabilizing, and it’s already started stabilizing in 
certain commodities, we think that the price increases will have an opportunity to catch up. But 
I’m not really optimistic of that happening immediately, because there is still a lot of instability 
as far as global commodities are concerned. 
Moderator:  
We will take our next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir if you can give some sense on the average order size, which was before COVID so as 
compared right, what kind of pre COVID and now will be the price increase because what we 
have for some of your competitors, not your competitors, but companies that they assume 19% 
to 20% kind of price hike over last two years, so we just wanted to understand for us, like how 
much are we in this quantum? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I can’t give you the exact numbers because it differs by market segment by, by type of product, 
etc. Depends on the impact of commodities, but certainly they have been in the double digits is 
what I can at least give you an indication so it’s been large.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
We are seeing this in early teens. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I won’t confirm that because we continue to pass through increases, but certainly they are pretty 
large.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sir my second question is on, the last call you had highlighted that you were doing some 
demonstration projects, and pilot project on hydrogen for both North East and sea-land 
locomotives. Any tangible or measurable outcome what we are seeing out of this and how do 
we intent to grow this segment related to green hydrogen or clean energy. So, if you can quantify 
some measures and qualitatively also, it will be helpful. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, we have participated in a lot of tenders, some of those tenders are in final stages of 
negotiation. And we are quite well placed to do well in those tenders. The number of tenders is 
increasing, but the deployment of all of these are in the two years to four years kind of range. 
So, none of these projects, the projects are complex enough that it doesn’t get implemented, in 
less than two years timeframe. But we are certainly actively participating. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And what could be the cumulative size of all these tenders if we can just quantify since you are 
participating in all the tenders? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It depends year-on-year these are in hundreds of crores. But, I can’t give you one number, but I 
would say so far if you take a timeframe between 24 and 27 there are already contracts worth 
nearly (+1000) crore have already been tendered. So, it depends how many people win and there 
are many, many variables between now and us closing those deals. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. But just last question on this electricity amendment, which happened earlier a couple of 
times. So, last time you had said that you were presenting a white paper, you were in discussions 
with the government and bureaucrats, so any sense on how this thing will shape up now. So, 
over the next five years how do you see the industry on the genset side, the power gen side, how 
it will evolve and what will be the impact of this, if you can just highlight for us? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, the most important thing which we were interested in is the tightening of emissions, because 
if, as we were speaking to the government they are serious about clean air, then the best way to 
get clean air is to have tighter emissions and which is why we have been pushing aggressively 
to move to CPCB 4+ and so the draft and the timing and the notification of that has already come 
out. Certainly, certain ministries, not all ministries work in cooperation with each other. So, 
certain ministries have gone ahead and despite us submitting white papers on the advantages of 
tightening emissions, the advantages of moving to newer technologies and the overall impact of 
gensets on the environment and on the supply of power. The power ministry has gone ahead and 
released a draft saying that people should not be using as many diesel gensets in certain markets. 
But that has not impacted our business as a matter of fact, ever since they announced that they 
also guaranteed 24/7 power. And you’ve seen what has happened as compared to promises 
versus the reality on the ground. We have seen increased demand across pretty much every 
segment. We certainly all those notifications by some of those agencies it doesn’t directly impact 
business it does push certain customers in certain markets away from diesel into some of the 
other technologies we sell, like LNG and CNG. So, it’s positive from our perspective some of 
these notifications that have come up, so I just see it as a win-win for us what whatever has come 
out so far.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
I’m not sure if I missed your initial comments. My first question is, broadly in the current 
environment post the Russia, Ukraine war and significant liquidity tightening across global 
markets, including India. What are you seeing in terms of bottom up demand momentum across 
various end markets and customers effectively on the export market and also the domestic 
market if you could share your views are you also seeing project delays or risk of CAPEX getting 
slowed down or do you think the broad momentum is still intact? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Ashwath Ram: 
To first answer the very broad global view is that demand is not slowing down demand is 
continues to remain pretty strong. It’s as a matter of fact supply chain is a bigger impact to our 
growth rather than actual demand from multiple segments as a Company Cummins has pulled 
out of Russia, and that certainly has a, it doesn’t have such a big impact on our India business 
because the Russian market was a smaller market for us. But it does have a limited impact but 
overall as of today, our demand far outpaces our ability to supply. And it’s not slowing down 
either in India or in other parts of the world.  
Renu Baid: 
But do you see a risk of slowdown in the coming two quarters or do you think it’s more about 
liquidity adjustment at the end market demand environmental robust to that extent? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think for the products that we serve, they’re coming out of a multi-year low. So, we don’t see 
too much of a setback or a correction there. And with many of the nations, which are have a 
positive impact due to commodities, like the Middle East, like some parts of Latin America, 
even some parts of Africa, they are benefiting from higher commodity prices, and they’re 
actually able to buy more products. So, we are seeing demand continue to remain strong.  
Renu Baid: 
Sir, second question is, if we look at the segment numbers, which you highlighted, sharp 
sequential drop in the industrial business segment. While you did allude last quarter that we do 
see a sequential drop in the business volumes, but the 30% kind of sequential drop seems too 
alarming. So, if you could give some color in terms of how the sub segments have performed 
within industrial and how should we look at the growth across some of the key verticals within 
the industrial business? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, if you look at it, there is typically the Q4 in most of our segments dropped as the government 
and many of the other customers close out the year and then close all the buying before the end 
of the year, the strongest quarter of the year is typically Q3, but when you look at the full year, 
you can see that despite all of those challenges, we have continued to grow even in the industrial 
market, as a matter of fact we have grown 21% over the previous year. Now, when you look at 
it, quarter-to-quarter comparison the segments actually we have seen a slower pickup is the 
construction and compressor segments. So, the compressor segment is of course very cyclical 
and it is dependent on having the right amount of water table, which means if it’s too dry, then 
the compressor segment drops. If it’s too wet, the compressor segment drops. And as of now it’s 
too dry and so the compressor segment is down a bit. 
Construction came very, very slow out of the gate at the beginning of this year and we do expect 
construction to pick up pretty strongly, do a bit of catch up and then then bounce back as 
compared to last year. Last year similar quarter it was down very significantly. But all indications 
tell us that as road construction increases and they come back from right now they’re struggling 
between 30 to 40 kilometers a day, their ambition is to do over 100 kilometers a day. So, as they 
start ramping up, construction, this market will start to pick up. The same is true in rail. The rail 
was the last to come out of the COVID cycle as far as ramping back up. And it’s starting to scale 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
back up we have some timing issues as far as delivery on some of those products so we could 
have done a little bit better than what we did in rail. And some of the other segments like defense 
and marine. But we think that demand will continue to be strong and it’s our ambition to do 
better this year than we did last year.  
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And last related question here would be, if you look on the rail segment railways have 
floated large tenders for local motors and Vande Bharat train it’s more on the early stock now 
investments are coming back. So, how is Cummins space in terms of new product launches, 
which were planned somewhere for this calendar year and do we have any proxy related to some 
of these large projects which are in pipeline? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly the biggest one I can talk about which has got a multiyear positive impact on us is on 
the electrification of rail. And so we have won our first tender there, this is a breakthrough and 
it bodes well, of course we have to deliver well, the products have to perform well, but it bodes 
well for future growth demand, this was something which has got multiple years of investment 
has gone into developing some of these technologies. So, we need a little bit of time before it 
starts to convert itself into a strong growth area for us. But there are other parts of rail, the 
traditional parts of rail have now started to revive again, and they seem to be going pretty strong.  
Renu Baid: 
And on the new products which you mentioned the rail, what could be the size if you look over 
the three to five year perspective. How large can it contribute in terms of revenue terms to the 
business?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Our ambition is to get over 300, 400 crores out of just those products. Now, how it pans out, 
how quickly the electrification of those products happens is to be seen, but certainly we are 
pretty ambitious about how much potential that those products have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Decent business in otherwise challenging environment. My question is, just like in the industry 
segment can you also give you a little bit more insights into the power gen segment particularly 
on the data center side what kind of traction we are seeing, are there any other –26:43 large 
project which are coming into this, and also more insights into the distribution side of the 
business?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, suddenly demand is incredibly strong, like in all other segments and all other parts of 
our business Q4 tends to be a weaker quarter than Q3. But when you compare Q4 of this year 
versus Q4 of last year, which was also not a COVID impacted quarter, you’ll see that we have 
grown pretty, pretty significantly, with almost like something like 33% growth over the last year. 
So, demand is strong across multiple segments, whether it’s high horsepower, medium 
horsepower, pretty much across the board demand is strong. Data centers the potential is huge. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
We are booking lots of orders, we have many more orders than what our capacity is today. So, 
there is no problem with orders at all, data centers is going, the boom in data centers is not going 
to last for just one year we see it as at least a five to eight year double digit growth opportunity 
in data centers. We are very, very strongly positioned every major data center player, we have 
the opportunity to serve them and supply products to them. Also in the market segments like 
industrial, pharmaceutical, hospitality, residential realty and commercial realty we are starting 
to see all of those segments start to bounce back pretty strongly. It’s right now a supply 
constrained environment in many of the high horsepower nodes. Low horsepower nodes right 
now this quarter is the peak summer quarter. And again, we have strong demand there, we have 
pretty good growth there, we have better growth in low horsepower than we even did in Q3. So, 
we think that we are pretty well positioned in the power generation space to have a strong year, 
this year.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Within power gen the data center kind of a opportunity or your current contribution to the sales 
and power gen would be how much approximately?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Right now, data centers will probably contribute anywhere from I would say about 10% to 15% 
in that range. And we think that percentage will probably increase over the next few years. But 
the overall market is growing. So, while that segment is growing well, other segments are also 
doing quite well.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Sure. And sir color on distribution business? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, as far as the distribution business is concerned, the biggest component of our 
distribution business is past sales and demand there continues to be pretty robust. The next 
biggest segment is rebuild engines, that market is slowly starting to recover. Again, when we 
compare to the previous years, we grew at 10% quarter-on-quarter. And as far as service revenue, 
which is the second largest portion of our revenue after part, that was same as the previous 
quarter indicating that there isn’t any cyclicality. So, the number of service calls that we are 
getting and the number of requests for maintenance, the number of people getting gensets ready 
for the summer months, and for the peak month, that continues to be at a record level. And we 
think we could have done a little bit better, where had a supply chain being able to get us more 
parts. But the demand is not as a problem even from a distribution perspective.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
And sir in exports market particularly which markets are basically seeing high traction? 
Ashwath Ram: 
As a matter of fact, when I look at the numbers, every single market has done well. Asia pack 
as compared to the previous quarter has done a little bit worse, that could be related to the China 
shutdowns, that was probably the bigger variable there. But other than that, we haven’t seen too 
much of a slowdown. Q4, as I mentioned, is the first quarter for global markets. And what they 
do is they buy all the materials by the end of the year, and then they take a shutdown for the 
year. And by the time they come back and they start scaling up again, you lose a couple of weeks 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
in the quarter. So, the Q4 for us from an exports perspective is typically a lower quarter just by 
design. But even if you compare our Q4 to the previous years, we have grown by something like 
62%. So, it’s a great indication and if you look at our order board, we are we are prioritizing a 
little bit on exports as compared to domestic, but even then we are not able to meet unconstrained 
demand because of availability of certain types of semiconductor, certain type of parts or 
capacities in the global system. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Great sir, that’s really detailed explanation. Just one last point from my side, probably you 
repeated this probably five to seven times that it is a supply chain which is creating issue 
compared to the underlying demand which the ability to supply that’s where probably the 
constraint starts with and probably with a better problem to handle rather than falling demand 
issues. So, in a normal environment in terms of would you like to have any kind of estimate that 
otherwise what kind of underlying demand growth is, how do you track actually underlying 
demand growth. So, what you do internally? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, we track demand by order bookings. And I would say at this stage right now we are meeting 
anywhere from 80% to 85% of the order book for a particular month, which tells me that we are 
leaving anywhere from 10% to 15% on the table that we could have done better as far as exports 
is concerned and domestic it depends by segment, if you have a greater problem in the high 
horsepower area than in the low horsepower areas, but again the problems are similar.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir just in the domestic as well as on export side on the power gen front if you can highlight. So, 
my question is regarding if we have to break up this growth in terms of the volume and value 
growth for Cummins India, in the power gen or in the export market what could that be and from 
volume growth perspective going forward in FY23 while your commentary is extremely 
positive, but from here on how we should look at the volume growth in the domestic margin as 
well as in exports. That’s my first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
The power generation growth is very directly proportional to growth of GDP and the growth of 
the economy. So, as our economy keeps growing and becoming stronger we always need more 
power, as our society becomes more affluent, they need more power, as their dependence on 
data or their dependence on information increases, they become more dependent on power. So, 
as our economy keeps increasing, the demand for power generation will keep growing 
proportionately. From a value perspective, the value buckets keep increasing as the technology 
gets more sophisticated. So, for the last four or five years, we’ve been on CPCB 2 which is a, 
what I call a mechanical technology and we are getting ready to move to a CPCB +4, which then 
transition the product to full scope electronics and after treatment kind of technology, where 
there is a lot greater value add a Company like Cummins can do so. So, that’s the way I would 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
probably answer this the question you had, demand continues to remain robust, and there are 
opportunities around the world for more demand. 
Charanjit Singh: 
And export side you have given the numbers for low HP and high HP 4000 you have done. But 
if you can also give more granular details specially on the high HP exports front, which 
geographies I remember that it used to be only going to the US markets. So, has those things 
changed in terms of the high HP exports and from the low HP exports we are doing it mainly for 
the –37:32 distribution channel. So, there also if you can highlighting how the trends are being 
shape up in the low HP export side? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, certainly as far as we’re concerned in the previous quarter in Asia, I’ll first talk about high 
horsepower exports by region. In Asia Pacific, we sold about 73 crores worth of exports. In Latin 
America, we did about 33 crores, in Middle East we did about 35 crores. In Europe we did 
around 46 crores and in Africa we did nearly 16 crores. If you look at low horsepower exports 
we did about 64 crores in Latin America, we did 23 crores in Asia pack, we did 46 crores in 
Europe, we did 36 crores in Middle East, and we did 18 crores in Africa.  
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. Sir lastly from my side now what we are seeing is the peak power deficit are coming in 
downtrend after every one or two quarters we see this situation increasing so while overall deficit 
continue to remain low in the power side but peak power deficit has become an issue. And there 
the gensets faced with more traction in the market so any thought there in terms of how this 
scenario will be panning out on the ground, maybe renewables not able to cater to that peak 
demand. And then the requirement of genset and there is overall growth changes while we touch 
on that the low HP is getting some benefit from that, but if we are looking for a two to three 
years perspective, if we can highlight more on this aspect. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly as the economy keeps getting larger, the demand on power will be higher. And so 
automatically, we have products which benefit from that demand opportunity. The second aspect 
of this is that, as we transition from thermal power to greener power like wind and solar, there 
is a phenomenon called grid imbalance which happens, which means you can use solar only 
during the day, you can use wind only when the wind is blowing. So, there may be certain times 
when lots of power is available, and then certain times when power is not available. And you 
can’t just take all the power and store it in batteries because you can’t afford it. So, the power 
costs become so great that it’s unaffordable. So, when these kinds of things happen, you continue 
to require balancing power generated through gas fired gensets, or diesel fired gensets. And all 
of these kinds of phenomenon are likely to happen as our market also gets more sophisticated. 
We have seen this happen in Europe, in North America, in Japan, in China and our hypothesis 
is that the same will happen in India as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Harsh Shah: 
I have two question. Sir my first question is that if the government is reducing the diesel engine 
usage, when the parent new technology will come to the listed entity, or the unlisted or not sure 
as of now? 
Ashwath Ram: 
All the businesses which are there in the listed entity will continue to remain in the listed entity. 
So, power generation business as such remain in the listed entity. As far as if the power 
generation, for example moves to different technologies like CNG, LNG, hydrogen in ice, all of 
those technologies which are already part of what is in the core they continue to remain. What 
is to be done with some of the newer technologies which have still not come into the country 
that is something which is being explored to try to figure out what is the best, best path to market 
from an end user perspective and from a Company perspective to protect the intellectual 
property, rights, etc. So, that’s all being worked out right now. So, I don’t have a good answer 
of where it will lie. But our principles have always been that what has remained in the listed 
entity will remain in the listed entity.  
Harsh Shah: 
Sure, thank you. And secondly on the CTCP engine, so when do you think it will be effective in 
India, the upgrade?  
Ashwath Ram: 
2023 is already been announced.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Ashwath, I have two questions. One, you did mention about the supply chain issues prevailing 
for the last four quarters. So, if you could just help us understand the changes that we have made 
to our supply chain. And when do you see these issues getting sorted out that’s question one. 
The second question is freight rates have seen a considerable increase and exports being a 
significant part of the business are we actually seeing an impact on our competitive that’s for 
our products because the freight rates have gone significantly higher we need somebody who is 
manufacturing locally?  
Ashwath Ram: 
So, I’ll answer the second question first. The answer is yes, to a certain extent, freight rates are 
more than doubled. And there is no quick solution which is available and the increase on freight 
rates it’s two ways, it hits us on inputs of all important supplies as well as imports of all 
commodities directly impacts us from a cost perspective. And from a selling perspective there 
are two aspects again, one is that you don’t even get enough containers. And if you do get 
containers and the cost are more than doubled. So, certainly, the way it impacts us is it impacts 
our margin that’s what it impacts, it’s still not significant enough to offset the advantages of 
productivity and cost that we have from India. So, that that continues to not be a factor. Because 
wherever you produce it, you got to get the material there. So, that cost doesn’t just go away 
from the overall system. But certainly, it makes it more attractive for certain countries who have 
treaties amongst themselves like US MCA treaty. So, between Canada, U.S. and Mexico, it does 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
make it sometimes more lucrative to just buy stuff from Mexico, etc., into America, there is a 
little bit of impact there. What we have been doing from a supply chain perspective, we continue 
to focus on cost within our system. We continue to add more suppliers. We continue to keep 
strategic inventory, we continue to invest in new suppliers. So, pretty much every, every strategy 
in supply chain to keep us going and ahead of the game is being deployed, there are war rooms 
and councils being run in multiple countries to support manufacturing. When do I see us get out 
of this, honestly I have no clear answer because every time we predict that, now things look like 
they’re getting under control. Something happens like COVID in China and China shutting down 
everything, no one had predicted that, no one had predicted that there’s going to be a war 
between Russia and Ukraine and this is going to last this long and have all of these impacts. It’s 
very difficult at this time to predict how long it will last, all of these variables have an impact on 
the overall global supply chain. So, lead times are longer now and certain commodities like 
electronics are still not available in the volumes that we would like. So, I would say there is at 
least a couple of quarters before there should be better stability than what we have today.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
There’s one more question if I may. So, if I look at the portfolios the India versus the parent it 
is 78 liter is the one which is missing any plans of localizing it considering that this is the demand 
from data center is on the rise and this is one category where we are seeing a significant increase 
in demand?  
Ashwath Ram: 
We keep looking at that certain components which are used in those engines are already being 
manufactured in India. So, certainly we keep looking at all options and when the timing is right, 
when there’s a right balance between demand and supply. Those kinds of decisions are usually 
taken at the Company. We have the best cost base in India so there is no reason unless if you 
have good demand and great utilization of not wanting to put more than India. So, certainly those 
kinds of products are being looked at.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So, I had a couple of more questions. First one was on the overall employee expenses, we 
announced a VRS scheme, a week or two weeks back. So, if you could highlight in terms of the 
cost containment measures what you’d have rolled out, how do you see foresee these measures 
to contain your overall employee cost, what kind of growth rate your employee cost is likely to 
see what your sales growth over the next say one to two years?  
Ashwath Ram: 
So, you can look at the way we have been managing employee costs currently, if you look at our 
employee cost it’s almost at the same level as what it was a couple of years ago. And the way 
we have manage that is through significant focus on productivity, significant focus on doing 
more with less every variable, both fixed costs and variable costs is looked at by the Company 
and we tried to optimize those, if you look at expenses on our books again they are lower today 
than what they were a couple of years ago, despite significantly greater volumes. So, we are able 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
to get leverage out of that. So, this VRS and these kind of schemes are schemes and opportunities 
provided to people who have worked in the Company for a long time, as we move towards 
greater automation, greater technology, trying to get greater productivity out of the same system, 
and assets. These are the kinds of opportunities we are making available to some of the people 
to volunteer and take those options. And it helps us optimize and helps us improve on 
productivity, etc.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
But just one contradiction there. Actually, if we look at the employee cost it’s very much in-line 
in terms of growth with sales, or actually it has gone higher in terms of sales growth over last 
five or 10 years. So, that’s the reason that question was there what percentage or in terms of 
margins, what kinds of benefits you can fetch out of this VRS? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, but if you look at it as a percentage of sales is actually dropped pretty significantly. When 
I look at the employee costs in Q4, of 19-20, versus what it is in Q4 of 21-22, we have got almost 
4% point drop. So, that has only happened, because you’re focused on that and gotten greater 
productivity despite your annual increases in labor cost and other employee cost. Despite that, 
you have dropped the employee cost percentage as a percentage of the overall cost of the system. 
So, we will continue to focus on that. So, my point was not to say that this is not something we 
care about, actually we do care about it. And we talk about it all the time and there are dedicated 
teams who are focused on managing that and the VRS scheme you referred is part of those kinds 
of exercises to keep looking at that structure continuously and trying to get better at it. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Fair enough. Sir another question on two specific verticals. One is in data centers, a couple of 
quarters back we had one large order of 150 crores revenue what we had executed. And at that 
point in time, we had guided that every alternate quarter we shall see one such order, but we 
haven’t actually saw that materialize in the previous quarter so, would you still maintain that 
kind of guidance that two such orders can be done every year. And second was on railways 
within industrial if you look at the numbers over say a two or three year period, we have seen a 
sharp contraction in that business, although you highlighted some new orders are won one on 
the electrification side, but do you still foresee that the transaction from or two electrification 
has overall stagnated or kind of reduce the opportunity from railways although we might grow 
on this slowly, but overall opportunity size has contracted or that has increased if you can help 
us understand that part? 
Ashwath Ram: 
See the last two years are not a fair comparison at all because they are COVID impacted years 
and of all the segments that we participated rail is the one which is the hit the worst. So, they are 
bouncing back. So, we should see some of the traditional demand come back, but certainly the 
move to electrification as we migrate there, we see many more opportunities coming up over 
there, so we remain quite bullish and optimistic about rail. We are going through a transitionary 
period right now, but we remain pretty optimistic that things will, we can get growth out of rail. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay. And on the data center part? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Ashwath Ram: 
Data centers, it’s some of these execution timing issues we continue to remain highly optimistic 
whether every quarter we will get whatever 150 or 200 crore order or not it’s difficult to say this, 
but certainly we will keep growing that business and every year, we expect at least double digit 
growth in that segment. So, if in one year we have got an order and if you’re expecting double 
digit kind of growth in that we have to get even more orders. So, yes, there is a strong pipeline, 
I’m not sure about the exact timing of when we will execute there, but you will see orders that 
come in at a pretty frequent intervals.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Renjith from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Renjith: 
Sir one clarification which we would like to understand, in future when these smaller NHP gets 
converted to batteries and that kind of technologies so, how will that work in terms of the IP 
rights and royalty payments will that be transferred to the Indian entity or will we have to pay 
some higher royalty to the parent entity and as a follow up tomorrow when hydrogen also comes 
how are we going to structure these things, what is your thought process behind that, as a listed 
entity what we gain and how will that the whole thing will pan out?  
Ashwath Ram: 
First of all these transitions are nowhere in the short term, the short term for power generation 
industry for transitions is anywhere from 10 to 25 years. So, at least in the near future, we don’t 
see anywhere in the world that our scale of business has transitioned to batteries, but it can 10, 
15 years from now some portions of it. Cummins has a lot of IP as far as batteries is concerned. 
And like IP for diesel engine is transitioned to the listed entity in a similar manner, IP for 
batteries and some of those kinds of solutions like hydrogen, ice, etc., will get transitioned to the 
listed entity. So, there is no difference in the way of thinking, the same logic which is used 
historically this is just different technology going into the same market. So, the logic is similar, 
what those percentages, etc., will depend on, how much investment the parent has made in 
acquiring those technologies or spending on R&D, etc. So, it cannot be compared to a technology 
which is in existence for 100 years. But the logic of the way Company thinks about it is very 
similar to what it has been done in the past.  
Renjith: 
Okay, sir thanks for that. And another thing like, I don’t know whether this has been asked like 
what’s there’s been talks regarding the restructuring of the Cummins India entities into one 
single legal entity. So, anything on that which you’d like to highlight or any timelines? 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, nothing as of now. These matters keep getting discussed continuously and the moment we 
hear of something we will certainly keep everyone posted. But there is no progress as of now or 
anything I can announce at this stage.  
Renjith: 
Okay. And sir this is industrial segment has seen a sharp Y-o-Y decline also Q-o-Q, we can 
understand that can be something but the strap Y-o-Y decline. So, is that something to be alarmed 
about or you believe that it will come back in the next quarter or something like that? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Ashwath Ram: 
Industrial segment has not declined year-on-year versus last year.  
Renjith: 
I am talking about the 4Q. 
Ashwath Ram: 
That’s right. So, only the fourth quarter we have seen a decline. We still remain, we’ve got very 
clear factors as to why we see that decline versus the previous quarter, if you look at the full 
year, you can see that we have still grown and we continue to believe that even this year we will 
see growth even as compared to last year. So, we don’t see any permanency in the difference we 
see between Q3 and Q4 or the comparison of Q4 last year versus this year. It’s normally 
according to us, we remain optimistic that we will do better this year than what we did in the 
previous year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
The question that I had was more on revenues and I am trying to make a see through the prospects 
of revenues to grow from here on versus what a business as usual scenario will suggest. So, 
obviously, there are linkages to underlying factors such as the economy and I am trying to kind 
of capture the alpha or the growth beyond that, that can happen because things are probably 
changing across segments. And I will start with power gen, as you rightly said there are several 
things that are going to play out in terms of there being a requirement for higher, societies 
wanting more and more gensets, there will be grid imbalance as you rightly said there will also 
be let’s say a prime over demand and because of our deficits, there’s a data center element 
towards which I think is a part of your power gen demand maybe 30% or so. And then there are 
markets again CPCB4. It’s the alpha that you can get, it’s a growth beyond what GDP will 
suggest, is this a meaningful numbers in power gen for you, if you see from a three to five year 
perspective, thank you.  
Ashwath Ram: 
We think so, because even globally we have seen this trend work in multiple market segments 
including in the automotive space where there is consolidation also happening, which means as 
people are migrating to some of the newer technologies, they cannot keep investing in some of 
the legacy technologies and so, there is more consolidation happening as well and so and when 
consolidation happens the market leader has the greatest leverage. So, there are opportunities so 
we do see growth beyond the GDP as an opportunity for us. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Okay. And then I would want to think may be 1.3x is also possible so just thought I will check 
your non-power get to start? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We remain very bullish on power gen. So, we think globally there are many opportunities and 
we have many customers and the potential for that market to grow is significant.  

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. And the second segment for now, so let’s say distribution in the fact that there is a 
deficit for usage will go up and the fact that the electronic engines will become a larger part, do 
you foresee distribution segment growing probably as fast as your product portfolio? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Historically, distribution in India has grown at a lower rate than in some of our other markets, 
because in other markets, distribution also does sales of new engines, it does sales of many 
different types of products. So, we are getting into a little bit of that, where we are introducing 
more products, beyond what are manufactured by our Company into a distribution channel 
which already exists. So, those are new incremental areas of opportunity, certainly parts will 
continue to grow. And there is a long tail of on part. So, these products lasts for dozens of years. 
So, you continue to serve historical markets and you also continue to serve new markets with 
more complicated more expensive parts for electronic kind of engines. The need for full service 
also increases so if we have a certain percentage of our service market beyond warranty, that 
percentage usually goes up as the technology gets more sophisticated. So, there’s an opportunity 
to grow there as well. And as people get more environmentally conscious the opportunities are 
rebuild and reconditioning products which in India has been a weak market, but globally has 
been a pretty strong market for Cummins, that also represents a very good opportunity for the 
distribution business to grow. So, again, this is a business where we are aiming for and targeting 
at least double-digit growth year-on-year, over year going forward for many years. But, there 
are a lot of fundamentals that we have to keep working on and build to be able to do that. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. Rounded off on exports again the same question how much alpha, as you gave the 
breakup today Europe is about 20%, 25%, and U.S. is zero, almost zero North America. And 
there are new products that you would want to launch any sense of how strongly can export 
grown, I know your subjective comment that you will be disappointed if it doesn’t develop in 
certain timeframe. Just one more granularity on when to start expecting North America and a 
greater part of Europe starting to contribute. 
Ashwath Ram:  
You can already see in the last few years that it has stagnated, it has dipped and now we are 
beginning to grow it back again pretty aggressively. And this growth that we are seeing recently 
is driven by our improved focus, launching many new products, launching fit for market kind of 
products, and then tackling the needs of individual markets rather than having generic products 
which kind of cater to everything. So, we think that by focusing on even the existing markets 
that we cater to forget North America, with the complications of U.S., etc., it’s a more difficult 
market to penetrate but even the markets that we currently are serving we think there is an 
opportunity to double as I’ve stated multiple times it’s ours to do if we don’t do that, and we are 
pushing pretty aggressively to get more growth there.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Just to kind of summarize, not asking another question, but let’s say GDP growth 7% the way 
we are discussing across segments, from a volume perspective can the Company grow double 
digit for a long period of time?  

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ashwath Ram: 
This market is certainly cyclical but there is no logical reason why it cannot grow at those kinds 
of rates, but I would be just speculating if I had any real insight on exactly at what volume rate 
it can grow. So, we are not clearly giving you any guidance all we are saying is that, as of now 
looking out in the next few years, the demand scenario globally looks quite optimistic. And we 
think that growth will happen.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference again 
to Mr. Ashwath Ram for his closing comments. Over to you Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I would like to thank all of you again for taking time to attend our investor call. These questions 
certainly help us to think about the way our investors think about our business. I remain 
cautiously optimistic about the demand for Cummins India and I thank you for all your support 
and wish you a safe and healthier year. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and the leadership team we would like to thank 
you for joining us today and making it an engaging session. We are now ending the conference 
call. You may now disconnect your lines. 
