 
Page 1 of 15 
 
      
 
Pokarna Limited  
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Pokarna Limited Q4 and 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day everyone and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited Q4 
and FY ‘22 earnings conference call. We have with us today Mr. Gautam Chand 
Jain, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Paras Kumar Jain, Chief 
Executive Officer, Pokarna Engineered Stone Limited. I trust most of you have 
gone through the communication and the results mailed to you earlier. In the 
interest of time, we would like to commence with Q&A immediately. So I'd like to 
hand it over to the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. Over to you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of the Pranav Mehta from Equirus Securities.   
 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sir, just wanted to understand what was the impact on the margins because of 
the increase in freight costs and the raw material inflation, which has been 
impacting all the companies? And my second question was more related to what 
are your thoughts on how the U.S. countertop market is expected to grow with 
now the interest rates increasing? And the third question was related to any 
update that you might have on how the investigation on the Malaysian quartz 
imports, which USITC had started any update on the same would be quite 
helpful? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes. So on your first question, how the raw material inflation and the freight costs 
are impacting as you see that the inflation in commodities is happening across 
all the industries and not specifically to quartz. So typically, the raw material 
prices have increased significantly, especially the polyester resin. We’ve seen 
year on year or 100% increase in the polyester resin prices. And same has been 
with the freight also. And apart from that be it all the other raw materials, we’ve 
seen significant increases between 30% to 100% happening only on the other 
basic raw materials. And also with the fuel prices going up even the local 
transportation and the other services cost also have gone up. So typically, all 
these factors impact anything between 5% to 7%. On the EBITDA margin, that’s 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
the reason you see that on overall basis, there has been a contraction of the 
margin. And that is a primary factor. 
 
And secondly, also the product mix is also an important factor in the margin 
determination. Because if we are able to sell a high value product at a particular 
price during a particular timeframe, the margins typically tend to not contract as 
much as they would have contracted had the price for the product been on the 
lower side. So predominantly, I would attribute the product mix and the inflation 
as primary reason for the contraction of the margins. That’s point number one. 
 
And coming to your second question, on the U.S. demand see, we don’t currently 
see any demand related challenges in the U.S. market while the stimulus has 
been rolled back and also the mortgage rates have gone up and probably will go 
up. Because we believe that our product positioning and the customer profile is 
little different and we typically cater to middle to higher income related housing. 
So that predominantly doesn’t get impacted by the mortgage movements what 
currently has happened. So we don’t see any demand-related challenges in the 
market and that has been our visibility even for the current quarter and also some 
of the coming quarters as well. 
 
Now coming to the third question on Malaysian investigation, whatever 
information what we have from the publicly available sources is that the 
department has issued questionnaires to the importers of Malaysian quartz and 
also to the producers of Malaysian quartz to determine the scope. So a lot of 
companies have filed response, some of them have not filed response. So in 
case the department views that there has been a circumvention, and Chinese 
have been trying to sell quartz made in China into U.S. via Malaysia route, then 
there is a high probability that the U.S. Department of Commerce may determine 
a circumvention case and applicable duties would come into force. But I think 
that will take time is what is our assessment at the moment. 
 
Pranav Mehta: 
 Sure, sir. And sir just a related question on margin and also on the working 
capital side. So have you taken any price hikes because some of the competitors 
in U.S. have already indicated they have taken price hikes in order to pass on 
the RM inflation? So were you able to take any price hikes? And second, the 
working capital seems to be a little stretched in FY ‘22. So if you can do some 
light on why that has been the case? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
We have a different approach on our pricing policy. So it may not necessarily be 
a price hike on the existing product. We also try to sometimes compensate our 
pricing by introduction of new products and trying to compensate what we are 
losing on certain products by getting some new products into the market. So we 
need not necessarily follow what competition does and we've successfully 
introduced certain new products, and we've been able to get the price what we 
believe on those. So that's point number one. 
 
Point number two on working capital, yes, it is stretched as you see from the 
cash flow. Because the sales cycle, this time because of the shipping challenge 
is relatively longer than what it would have been in the normal circumstances. 
Because usually the payments are due when the bill of lading comes in, or when 
the material is onboard. So like typically, when we ship out of certain ports, what 
happens is like we've seen containers reaching the ICD, but not reaching the 
port first 60 or 80 days within India itself, because of the blank sailings or non-
availability of space, or whatever it is. So unless the containers reach the port, 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
or onboard the ship, we don't get the bill of lading. And then that's how we're not 
able to get on our payments also processed. 
 
But I think with the container situation now dramatically easing, at least in last 
couple of months than what it was in the last financial year, probably the sales 
cycle and the working capital cycle should become healthier than what it was in 
the recent past. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors.   
 
Dixit Doshi: 
My first question is regarding the utilization of the new plant, if you can mentioned 
for the Q4, I mean, how much was the utilization? And whatever sales growth 
we are seeing as of now, it's like you mentioned that we are not increasing prices. 
So whatever sales growth we are seeing is predominantly volume led growth? 
And my second question is you also highlighted about the product mix also 
changes the margins. So, how do you see FY ‘23? Because obviously, I think 
when the new plant has started, we started with the basic product and as the 
utilization goes up, we try to play with the design and colors and all. So how do 
you see it going forward? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, the utilization levels are now around 70%. And now we are looking at 
going beyond that. And what predominantly in terms of the revenue what you 
have seen going up or for that matter little contraction in the margin is also 
because of the new plant where as you rightly said we are largely concentrating 
on basics. And now we have started the process of getting certain medium to 
end designs. And then eventually we'll have a optimum product mix as I can say, 
which can balance out both the capacity utilization and also give us the right 
numbers. So that is where our focus currently is that focus on capacity utilization 
to the maximum possible and then start getting in to the new products where the 
realizations are better than what we currently see. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
And so how do you see the margins for FY ‘23? Can we come back to -- let's 
say in couple of quarters come back to what we used to make? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes. I believe that if the shipping prices become normalized and if this inflation 
tapering which is happening and goes in the same direction for a couple of 
quarters, I think bouncing back to the better numbers than what we currently 
reported is definitely possible. 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
One last question and then I join back the queue, how is the scenario from the 
hospitality segment now that everything is opened up? Because that’s a high 
margin business also. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, hospitality industry is relatively today in a better position than what it was 
about six months back. So, the inquiry funnel is definitely better. Now, we have 
to see how the order funnel comes into. So, I think if things are better and if there 
is no another monkey pox or COVID story coming in, probably hospitality will 
revive sooner. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers.  
 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, just wanted to know this debt of Rs. 500 crore plus, how do we see this 
moving over the next couple of years? And when will you take the next round of 
capacity expansion? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
No, our decision is that now we have to keep reducing the debt. So, our unit one 
is already debt free. So debt what you see is basically the new debt of the unit 
two and some promoters debt, which is still not paid. So, we for sure will be 
bringing down debt that is our first target now, before we embark on a major 
expansion. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And these two units do they have scope for any brownfield expansion if 
any, if you want to take your peak revenue potential at these plants by a minor 
tweaking here and there or would you will need a new plant? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I understand your point. So, as you know that both the units have sufficient land 
available and originally the plants have been put in such a way that we can do 
brownfield expansion whether for major expansion also or for minor tweaking for 
new product mix. So, that of course, we will be continuing to do it, but not with 
the major investments. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My second question is, in the past call you were expecting the capacity utilization 
to be like 100%. And you were viewing a fairly robust demand scenario, the 
capacity utilization expectation of 100% was in this year FY ‘23. Are there any 
changes there we already had about 70% for the second plant is there any 
change on thought process there? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I would first mentioned that we never say that we will utilize 100% capacity 
because it is very subjective the capacity utilization depends on the order mix, 
the product mix, the thickness mix. So this kind of plant will never have 100% 
capacity utilization. So it all depends on the orders. And we will be always aiming 
at optimum utilization of the capacity and we are already working on three shift 
production facilities. But don't forget that we need to spend time on cleaning of 
the machines. And it all depends on what color we are making and when we are 
cleaning the machine. So our optimum utilization is the target, but it can never 
be 100% capacity utilization. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry, the word is optimum, apologies for that. So that optimum utilization do you 
see it happening in ‘23? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Yes, definitely. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my question on granite, when do you see normalization of business 
profitability there or absolute, because that business hasn't grown it's been in a 
certain range, do you foresee it coming back to that range or there any 
challenges? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I don't foresee any large expansion or growth in the granite business. Presently 
if you see it is basically because the block sales have come down and that 
reason is being that the Chinese buyers are not allowed to come to India, they 
don't get visa for coming to India. And then also the shipping challenges. So a 
lot of blocks which have been produced are lying unsold or unmoved to the port 
and not shipped to the countries. So it all depends on how the situation will 
improve. But I don't foresee a great double digit growth or substantial growth 
happening in granite business. Also because the business has become very 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
competitive, and we have no interest to do business without profits. So, we are 
very particular that whatever business we do, we should not lose money and in 
quarrying operations, again, it depends on the yield coming out of the quarries. 
So, I will sum it up that I don't foresee a great growth happening in the granite 
business. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, on the debt figure would you be able to repay at Rs. 100 crore per annum 
run rate, the debt figure or that’s optimistic? 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Maybe around Rs. 100 crore, we should target. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan VK from Suyash Advisors.  
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
Couple of questions, one is that you have a fairly large amount of inventory lying 
at the end of the year, how much of that would be transit inventory? The reason 
I'm also asking you this is the large inventory does that make it difficult for you 
to improve profitability? Some thoughts on that would be interesting. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Are you asking about the granite company? 
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
No, sir, I'm talking about the consolidated numbers and most of the inventory 
anyway I thought was at the subsidiary level. So… 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, if you see the inventory reasons for this inventory, when you talk of granite 
the inventory was lying in the quarries, when we talk of quartz, a lot of inventory 
has been in transit within the factory to the ICD, to the port, and then it is not 
recognized because we don't recognize the sale till the bill of lading is received.  
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
So this should get converted in the very first quarter, but that will be a substantial 
number, because I remember seeing Rs. 175 crore of inventory, which is quite 
substantial, even if I assume 60% gross Margin number. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, what happens is that specific to quartz, about a month sale is always 
more or less within the pipeline somewhere or the other pipeline and sometimes 
it is more than a month, especially if it is out of Hyderabad because it's not a port 
unlike Vizag where we directly put the material in the Vizag port. Here it is 
typically at ICD or sometimes sitting in Nhava Sheva and then onwards. So, 
typically, I think, the cycle will -- unless the shipping scenario completely 
improves, including on the granite side unless the Chinese story is sorted out. 
So I think 30 to 45 days typically will be in the transit for some more time. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
And also, please don't think that this inventory is finished product, it is also work 
in progress, and also the raw material inventory all together. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
And also sometimes when the supply chains are completely broken down, we 
are forced to keep inventories of certain items beyond our regular stock level, 
because we don't know when -- like suppose we are importing some items from 
Europe or some other parts of the world, we have to actually order more than 
what we need. And to make sure that we don't lose out on the demand 
opportunities. I think all related to the supply chain scenarios. If there is an 
improvement in supply chain scenario, I think largely this should get addressed. 
 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
Just to understand the pricing mechanism better, sir, can I assume that all of this 
would be priced passed on to the customers? How should one understand 
pricing? 
 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
What happens is that our pricings are relatively fixed. So we don't have a pass 
through mechanism that if I buy something at Rs. 10 and if I can pass on 
additional Rs. 10 extra to my customer that doesn't work. It's a fixed price. That's 
the reason all this typically impact to some extent. So, this will take care in the 
inflation of the raw materials, what we have currently. 
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
Second question related to the Malaysian issue that you spoke about, sir, would 
Malaysia be a large player in the game and therefore can the opportunity a 
substantial for the Indian companies? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See, I don't consider that because when China was there, it was a substantial 
opportunity some spillover demand happened. If tomorrow Malaysia is closed, 
the guys may look at Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam. So that story keeps -- the 
producers typically Chinese, they'll keep looking at some options apart from what 
ours. So, I don't think we should read too much into Malaysia spillover getting 
into India. 
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
And sir, you said you would reach optimum utilization sometime this year, which 
means that you'd have to think in terms of expansion very soon. So, what am I 
missing out here? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, what happens is that always in business, there are several 
opportunities we keep evaluating. So, there is definitely a process of evaluation, 
which happens on regular basis. So, it's difficult to comment at the moment as 
to what we will do and when we will do and whenever we will do we will definitely 
keep you guys informed. 
 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
So, the next round of expansion, would it be say in order of magnitude lower 
than the last CAPEX you did? Because you said that substantial provision has 
already been made for expansion at your new unit as well, because the CAPEX 
was Rs. 450 crore or so. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Chairman just pointed out, the focus is definitely on debt reduction, but at the 
same time, we will also keep the opportunities which come in mind. So maybe 
the second expansion need not necessarily be of the magnitude what we did, 
because we already have certain land, building and other infrastructure in place. 
So it need not be of that scale. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devansh nigotia from Securities Investment 
Management Private Ltd.  
 
Devansh nigotia: 
Just couple of questions, sir, one, I just want to reclarify you mentioned that the 
sales group this year in quartz is largely volume related and we have not taken 
the pricing, is that the correct understanding? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, because we had our unit two coming up. So, we had a lot of volume coming 
out of unit two, so there we are doing a basic materials at the moment. 
 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Devansh nigotia: 
So, there is an impact of raw material inflation and then also there is a mix which 
is towards the basic products which has compressed the gross margins? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
There is a raw material inflation, there is an impact on of all other services cost 
including shipping and also definitely the product mix. 
 
Devansh nigotia: 
Okay. And in case of receivables so basically, when we look at the delta, if I look 
at last year, receivables were around Rs. 43 crore and this year it has become 
Rs. 143 crore. So, considering the scale has doubled from March ‘21 to ‘22 even 
after adjusting for that, how should we look at, I mean, has there been any 
change in the payment terms or this is largely to do with the consignment which 
is in transit and for which money is yet to be received? So, I mean, how should 
I understand the receivable days?  
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, it is a combination of both, as I said at one of the previous questions 
that the cash conversion cycle is relatively longer now, because of the shipping 
challenges. So, that is also impacting the debtors days. And also with the 
addition of certain large volume customers, there has been a change in certain 
payment terms as well. So, these are the two factors which actually has got this. 
I think, to some extent this should get adjusted in next quarters.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Fathima Khan from Khambatta Securities.   
 
Fathima Khan: 
Yes, so I have a follow up question on the margin side. The current presentation 
mentions that the operating margin was impacted by container unavailability and 
increased freight cost. But if we look at the previous concall, which was the last 
quarter it was mentioned by the management that the freight cost is typically 
borne by the buyers. So, how does that impact the margin? I can understand the 
impact on the revenues but not on the margin compression part because of the 
freight cost. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
There are two aspects to it. One is on the input, when we buy a lot of raw 
materials from Belgium, Norway and other parts of the world. So What I was 
buying at EUR 500, the container is now EUR 4,000 a container and that's the 
bulk buying. So to some extent the raw materials also get impacted because of 
that shipping cost, which is actually born by us, that is point number one. Point 
number two is that in the past, the way we price it we consider certain shipping 
costs and give the complete proposal to the customer that, okay, this is going to 
be a landed price. 
 
Now the buying price is significantly gone up, while the selling prices remain 
same. So while we pass it on, the margin actually have contracted, so what 
otherwise I would have gained extra over the shipping, I'm not able to gain today. 
So that is again, impacting my margins. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
In addition to that, the marketing shows that we do fell through the last quarter. 
And that also has impacted the margins. 
 
Fathima Khan: 
Okay. So when do you expect a normalization in this? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See, typically with inflation cycle relatively being better than what it was last year, 
I think second half of the year probably will give a good clarity and probably will 
help us in getting the margins back to better level than what you saw in the last 
financial year. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Indulgence Capital.  
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Sir, my first question is this sales and marketing event cost that came in Q4, can 
you can you please provide the number what was quantum? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
It was around Rs. 2.7 crore. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And sir this Rs. 183 crore of inventory roughly, what would be the finished goods 
inventory and what would be the rest? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Finished goods is Rs. 85 crore. And raw material is about Rs. 38 crore and work 
in progress is about Rs. 30 crore and then consumable stores and spares and 
all that is about Rs. 39.5 crore and then materials and all about Rs. 7 crore. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. So, I think Chairman, sir, was trying to say something Rs. 2.7 crore and 
then maybe there were some other thoughts, I think we lost the management 
line. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
I think, on the overall year basis, we also had a hit of foreign exchange fluctuation 
because when we made our payment towards the capital goods, which we 
bought for unit two, we took about Rs. 7 crore foreign exchange fluctuation loss 
also on the full year basis. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay, understood. Sir, my second question is I mean macro, I think has definitely 
changed in terms of interest rates, we track housing companies in the U.S., the 
demand has fallen down. But you seem fairly confident that you will reach 
optimum utilization. So can you give us some soft pointers in terms of customer 
engagement or order book, I mean where does this confidence stemmed from? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Basically, when we talk, typically we talk based on what we are seeing, feeling 
and experiencing in the market, be it our engagement with the customers or be 
it with what we see in the order book position and in general, our discussions 
with the different participants in the trade. So I think I can't give you the exact 
number, but what I can tell you is that we are talking about the demand scenario, 
keeping in view our order book position, and also our experience in the market. 
 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So sir, would it be a fair guess that you have roughly, let's say, 9 to 10 months 
of order book visibility? Would that be a fair assumption based on what you're 
saying?  
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See usually the order books are not for 9 to 12 months in hand, typically, we 
have three to six months, but then it is a rolling number, which because the 
productions are based on the forecast, which we have annually. And then we 
keep updating the forecast what we received from the customers. So we have a 
decent visibility of the future. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And sir my last question is, in the past we have talked about exploring the new 
geographies Europe, maybe Israel, Australia, growing the domestic market. So 
in a hypothetical scenario that, U.S. demand is not what we expect it to be, would 
we be able to scale up the other geographies fairly fast? I mean, do you have 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
some sort of initial engagements in some of these geographies and will we able 
to bring that business up quickly? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, U.S. is the largest consuming market in the world. So I don't see any 
one particular or few particular markets making up for what U.S. wouldn't be able 
to take. While we engage in different markets, but I'd be honest to say that our 
eggs are in U.S. market and we are positive about that market. So I don't have 
any alternate market ready to absorb what U.S. market wouldn't be absorbing. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne Investment 
managers.  
 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir my question is with respect to the logistics, in terms of our total sales of 
quartz, what percentage of contract is through the FOB route, and how much 
percentage is through the CIF route when it comes to shipment? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, it depends upon how the scenario will pan out. But it can be anything 
between 30% to 40% would be on CIF basis, and the rest would be on FOB. 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
And sir this number changes very frequently every year, like meaningfully it 
changes or it changes… 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
It can change because if the customers are not able to get their contracts in 
place, they will definitely like to use our contracts or our associations with a 
freight agencies. So that can change. 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
And what was this trend in H2 of previous financial year? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
It was higher side, because we were having good contracts than our customers. 
So we were able to support them because in these times, I know a lot of 
companies have not been able to ship even 25% to 30% of their inventory. 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
Right. And so when we do CIF basis in terms of the total container value, what 
percentage is the logistic cost? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
It depends upon the value of the materials, like for a basic material, if it can be 
even 50% or sometimes 40%, but for good values I think it's fair to assume that 
anything between 5% to 7% is the normalized number. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers.  
 
Anurag Patil: 
So sir, assuming for unit two optimum product mix and optimum utilization, how 
much incremental revenue we can do? A every ballpark number will be fine. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
It depends anything between 20% to 30% increment is possible. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
On FY ‘22 revenues, you are saying incremental 20%, 30%. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
We have not given the breaker between one and two. I'm talking about what 
increment is possible from two, but I can't give you a number of two for 
competitive reasons. 
 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Anurag Patil: 
So, broadly sir at total capacity, my question is like how much incremental growth 
we can achieve total all capacities available? 20% 30% annual growth is 
possible? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Till the time we reach the optimum capacity, yes, but once we reach the optimum 
capacity, then reaching the 20% 30% number is definitely a challenge year-on-
year. But I think for this financial year, I think that number whatever we reported 
about 20% to 30% on that should be a fair assumption. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. And sir, how much of our quartz revenue is from private label and how 
much from the branded segment? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See largely the revenue is from the white label or private label manufacturing, 
brand typically is getting built largely in the India and the U.S. market. But then 
building up a brand, especially in geographies, like U.S. is a different ballgame 
altogether. So we've not taken that path of being aggressive in the U.S. market, 
but we are definitely much aggressive in the Indian market and building the 
brand. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment.   
 
Sachin Kasera: 
From the domestic market, if you can tell us how FY ‘22 has gone by, if you could 
share some numbers on that. And how are you seeing the traction in the overall 
growth outlook for the Indian market in the next one to two years? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See Indian markets without revealing you the absolute number, what I can share 
with you is that we've grown about 50% in Indian market than what we were in 
FY ‘21. So while the numbers are still low, but I think with the brand building 
exercise and the reach what we are establishing and what -- to some extent 
we've already established, I invite you guys to look at the website to find out 
where we are currently available in India at different locations, you can see that 
the reach is growing beyond Hyderabad all the way from Delhi to Kochi, you can 
find our products at multiple locations. 
 
So idea is to go much beyond than what you currently see there. And while it will 
never in the near future be close to U.S. sales, but I think from our brand visibility 
perspective and being a B2C brand in India, I think the journey is really exciting 
and very promising as well. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
But sir, do you think in two three years the domestic can be a significant 
contributor to revenues or it will remain more of initially leading market at least 
for the next two or three years? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
I think next couple of years definitely it should be a leading market only and not 
become a major contributor. But I think in five years scenarios, I can say that 
probably one of the top five markets it would be. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Second question is regarding this inventory, you mentioned that both inventory 
and debtors look higher, because of certain one-offs, which are beyond 
company's control. And you expect some of them to gradually ease off in the 
next two three quarters. How much of the impact currently on the working capital 
would be because of this one-off factor is it like Rs. 50 crore Rs. 60 crore or close 
to like Rs. 100 crore? 
 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
I think about Rs. 50 crore would be impact of all those factors. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay. And on the inventory side, you mentioned that as we ramp up now we are 
at 70% in this quarter in the new plant, as we ramp up to 90% to 100%. So should 
we assume that as we scale up, we don't need too much more inventory. And 
hence, the overall inventory level in terms of number days will keep coming down 
as we reach full or maybe sorry, the optimum utilization in the plant also? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, so as we increase the capacity utilization, definitely certain factors would 
get eased out. But then predicting what absolute number it would be down would 
be I think, little crystal gazing at this point in time. I think we should wait for 
another quarter or so to see how the ramp up happens and how the easing 
situation happens to get a better clarity on that. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And one thing on margins you have mentioned that there have been certain one-
off cost. And secondly on the pricing also, we don't like to go and increase price 
suddenly. But is it that like we don't ever look for a price increase or is it that we 
go them like once in a year and hence we could see some revisions maybe in 
another two three quarters when they come up for renewal of the contracts? Or 
is it that the input cost increase or decrease is something that we had to take as 
part of the business plan and see volatility in markets? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
When I say that we don't ask for price increase does not necessarily mean that 
we never go for a price increase. So, we have definitely taken price increases in 
the past from our customers, but then there are certain strategies, which we 
follow on a long term basis. So it's not necessarily that all the absorbs -- all the 
costs have to be always necessarily absorbed by us. So, we are following a 
pricing strategy based on the customer profile and the market and what our 
future opportunities could be. So -- and then we are trying to balance it with both 
the options available and I think at some point in time, the other option would 
also be used. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And sir, on the old plant would we have worked at optimum utilization or that 
would have also been low utilization this quarter? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See old plant is optimum utilization as we just mentioned in the previous 
questions as well. Optimum utilization is a factor which is predominantly 
influenced by the designs what you make. So considering all those factors, the 
first plant is already into optimum utilization for a long, long time now. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And then last question regarding the previous question regarding plans to further 
increase capacity. And it was mentioned that we are looking at two things, one 
would be reduction of debt. And second would be reaching optimum utilization 
and better product mix. So are there certain things like we could look like for 
example, if the debt would come down, like Rs. 350 crore, we would look at the 
next expansion. Or once we reach optimum utilization and stay there and a good 
product mix for three, four quarters, we'll plan the next expansion if you could 
give us some insights there? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See, as chairman just pointed out in previous question debt reduction is definitely 
one of our important items of consideration. But at the same time, we are also 
equally balanced and looking at the opportunities available in the market for the 
expansion. We don't have absolute number in the hand for the expansion at the 
moment. But as also said before that, definitely the new expansion we need not 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
necessarily be of the size and scale what we did in the recent past. So that's 
what I can actually comment on the expansion at the moment. But we are not 
saying that we are just keeping quiet. It's what we mean to say is that we are not 
making large CAPEX programs at the moment. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management.   
 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the domestic market. So we had a target of reaching 500 
locations in the next three years, if you can talk about what is the number at the 
end of FY ‘22 and the target for FY ‘23? As well as if you can give the update on 
the integrated things, how is the traction coming? This is the first question on 
domestic. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, so I think we are close to 100 locations right now. And the process of 
journey towards 2025 of 500 is there in our sight. So we don't have a number for 
‘23, but we are looking at 500 by ‘25. So, I think whatever is needed to reach 
there, we are doing that. That's point number one. Point number two, in terms of 
the integrated thing, the market traction has been good. So already the product 
is launched in the Indian market at many locations in Mumbai, Delhi and other 
parts of the country. Wherever we have our display locations with our premier 
dealers, you can actually see the product as well. So while it's a very niche 
product at a very nascent stage, but I think the traction what we are receiving, 
because we are the only company in the world today to offer this product. And 
in India we are giving this possibility because we are also doing end to end 360 
degree service. So we are able to get the integration done at the factory and 
then get it installed at the customer’s place. So I think it's a promising segment 
to be and we are excited about it. 
 
Aman Vij: 
On this domestic market 100 becoming 500 in the next four or five years. So can 
turnover if you're doing X crore in this year, can the turnover become like 10x in 
the next three four years? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
If we are doing X today from this customer then it can become 4x to 6x if we 
reach those numbers. 
 
Aman Vij: 
My next question is on the product mix. So, like you talked about old plant, there 
is a new plant also there is this basic product then there is medium and then 
there is high end. If you can broadly talk about the range what is the mix currently 
in old plant, what is the mix currently in new plant? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Old plant typically has medium to higher end products compared to the new 
plant, new plant largely has a basic products. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. And so, going for FY ‘23 you are talking about optimum mix, so optimum 
mix will be like 60%, 70%, medium to high end will be even from new plant is 
this the optimum mix you're talking about if you can give a broad range? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Typically, if we are able to get 30% to 40%, medium and upper grade and 60% 
even if it is at the lower part of medium to the basic grades, I think that's 
reasonable optimization. 
 
Aman Vij: 
And for the old plant, we are already at this mix. 
 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, old plant product mix is in a very positive scenario. 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I want to add one thing, we are a customer driven company, it also depends on 
what our customers want in repeat, sometimes they want 30MM, sometimes they 
want 20MM, sometimes they want expensive products, sometimes they want 
basic products. So, we cannot say that we will not make basic and we will only 
make 30MM to increase the realization. So, it is always depending also on the 
customer, though we try to introduce new products, which can fetch better price 
realization, but let's not forget that we cannot ignore our customers. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. My question was also that unit two we are making many more… 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
It really doesn't matter whether we are only able to make in new unit or we are 
able to make in unit one for a customer we are one company. So we will look at 
our convenience where we can accommodate which product for which customer 
when and when is it required in the market. So, these are all very hypothetical 
questions, because we cannot have an answer it all depends on when the 
customer wants what and where we can make it. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Next question is on the large customers which we have talked about which we 
have added, if you can talk about the number of such large customers that we 
have added in FY ‘22, as well as what is the total number of large customers as 
of today? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
We usually do not give any number on how many customers we work with or 
what we add, but what we can say is that the customer profile is healthy, and we 
keep adding new customers and wherever we feel customer is not meeting our 
expectations then probably we have to relook at the customer base as well. So 
I think we are healthily placed in terms of the customer profile. 
 
Aman Vij: 
So final question is on the -- so you talked about top five markets. So U.S. is 
number one, what are the other rankings in terms of market for us? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
So we also work in United Kingdom, in Netherlands, in Middle East in New 
Zealand. 
 
Aman Vij: 
So these will be the top five markets for now. And you think India can replace 
and enter these top five markets? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, I think India can take the place in top five in next three to four years.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surhid Deora from Paladin Capital.  
 
Surhid Deora: 
I just wanted to know if you can give us a sense of how much of your sales 
comes from new building versus refurbishment?  
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See typically, we don't have access as to what happens in the residential or the 
commercial segment of our product. So largely since in U.S. renovation market 
was relatively higher than the new construction market and then now the new 
construction market is also catching up. So looks like -- I don't know the absolute 
number, but I think both the segments are catered well, probably the commercial 
and the hospitality segment is relatively lower than what it was in the past. 
Because we don't sell it to the end consumers or last line or last but one line of 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
the consumer. Most of our customers are large distributors and then they have 
another couple of legs before the material actually reaches the consumer. 
 
Surhid Deora: 
Right. So the reason I was asking is to determine if the new building housing 
market closed down, then would there be a material impact on the order book? 
Or because you have a high renovation business that might continue. So I 
understand that you're one level away from the customer you're selling to 
distribute as a dealer, but if you can give some color on how that might shape 
up in a weaker housing environment that would be really helpful? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
As I said, in one of the previous questions is that demand scenario seems to be 
definitely promising. We don't see any impact of any mortgages or new building 
constructions coming down on our business. So while I cannot comment with 
absolute certainty as to what will happen after a year or so, but currently, we 
don't see any challenges related to demand. 
 
Surhid Deora: 
Is it also partly because quartz is replacing other types of surfaces, and India is 
taking share in the U.S. market? Are these two factors contributing to the 
demand coming your way?  
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
 Basically, we've been in business for over a decade now. So we've always been 
the top exporters out of India and we continue to be. And quartz as a product is 
definitely one of the best available alternate to many other surfaces, which are 
used on kitchen countertops. So that is primarily reason because it is also taking 
away lot of share from solid surface laminates from granite and other natural 
stones. So quartz being a better product, market being stable, and I think all 
other economic factors being okay, that seems to be driving the demand. 
 
Surhid Deora: 
And one just last questions clarification on something you said earlier, you said 
that if shipping prices go down, and if inflation eases then your margins will go 
back to last year level. Was that -- is my understanding, correct? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
You're absolutely on dot. 
 
Surhid Deora: 
So if those factors don't reverse, just from a change in the product mix and your 
price increases, that won't be sufficient for you to go back to earlier margins. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Yes, see basically it is a combination of factors, it is not one factor in isolation. 
So I think the overall inflation and if inflation improves and if the shipping costs 
go up, again, the challenges would come in, either it will impact the sale or it will 
impact the cost of sale. So I think both the factors have to get normalized before 
things become relatively normal. 
 
Surhid Deora: 
Okay. But I mean, let's assume status quo, all the inflationary factors would the 
regular product mix improvement and pricing changes would that help to at least 
bring back by a 200 basis points or that's looking difficult? 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
See we always look at being more efficient trying to get more profit from our 
efficiency than always going through a price increase process. So that process 
of being more efficient is already on. So if the inflation is relatively in control, then 
probably a little improvement in margin can happen with some more efficiency 
on which we are working. 
 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Paras Kumar Jain: 
Thank you everyone for participating on our Q4 call. Look forward to talking to 
you again in Q1 FY23. Thank you. 
 
  
