  
CIN 
- L15421WB1975PLCO30118 
Reg. Off. 
: FMC Fortuna, 2nd Floor, 234/3A, A. J. C. Bose Road, Kolkata - 700 020 
y 
P 
: 033 2287 4749 
ii 
5 
F 
: 033 2283 4487 
. 
E 
:bcml@bcml.in 
BALRAMPUR CHINI MILLS LIMITED 
ene cin com 
   
31st May, 2022 
  
  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 5th 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Mumbai- 400051 
Towers Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: BALRAMCHIN 
Scrip Code: 500038 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Sub: Transcript of earnings Conference Call 
In terms 
of Regulation 30 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
held on 25th May, 2022. 
The same is also uploaded on Company's website: www.chini.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
  
FACTORIES 
: BALRAMPUR | BABHNAN | TULSIPUR | HAIDERGARH | AKBARPUR | MANKAPUR | RAUZAGAON | KUMBHI | GULARIA | MAIZAPUR

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
  
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited  
Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Balrampur Chini Mills Q4 and FY22 Results Conference Call. We have with 
us Mr. Vivek Saraogi, Chairman and Managing Director of Balrampur Chini 
Mills, and Mr. Pramod Patwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. We 
will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Management, following 
which we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the results presentation shared with you earlier. I would 
now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
our Q4 & FY22 conference call. I will initiate the call by giving you an update 
on the current developments of the sector, followed by Company's key 
highlights for the period under review, post which we are open for a Q&A 
session. 
 
 
On May 15, India production has grown nearly by 14% to 34.6 million tonnes 
up from 30.4 million tonnes in the previous year. In the current year, 
Maharashtra production has increased on account of abundant water 
availability, higher acerage, leading to higher yields. The final figure of 
Maharashtra has estimated at 13.8 million tonnes as compared to 10.6 
million tonnes in 2021. Karnataka is going to be 6.1 million tonnes, U.P. is 
going to be 10.2 million tonnes, rest of India will be about 5.6 million tonnes. 
So, we are expecting a production of 35.5 million tonnes. .This is after 
diversion of 3.4 million tonnes sugar into ethanol, which is also a record.  
 
Coming to India's exports, we exported about 7.2 million tonnes, physically 
dispatched, and contracted about 8.5 million tonnes, some people say 9 
million tonnes. So, between 8.5 million tonnes and 9 million tonnes has been 
contracted. 8.5 million tonnes is expected to go out by April- May. So, 
contract, 8.5 million tonnes, physical evacuation of 7.2 million tonnes by May 
is that puts, and contracts of about 9 million tonnes. 
 

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
So, despite higher production, the closing stock should be lower or improved 
ethanol diversion, robust exports, and strong domestic consumption. This 
has led to firm realizations of sugar even during the season. 
 
 
In terms of ethanol, against quantity of 458.60 crore liters, representing 10%, 
about 425.8 crore liters have been contracted so far, and 186 crore liters of 
ethanol have been delivered up to May 1. The sugar sector has supplied 
more than 88% of the contracts done so far, which has enabled India to do a 
9.9 crore liters blending. So, we are hoping in the overall year, 10% blending 
is equal to 428 crore liters. This has led to a sizable foreign exchange savings 
of INR 9,000 crore. And currently, if you see the crude price, I think everybody 
is again in this via this program. 
 
 
Moving to our Company's performance, BCM concluded the year on a 
healthy note assigned by high realization in our Sugar and Distillery segment. 
While we were expecting crushing to be higher by 5% to 7% in the season, 
fluent weather and probably that is the main reason that we were only able 
to record less than 2% increase in production. Further, the recovery is also 
lower owing to the climatic condition. Just to give you an idea, two of our 
factories received 90 inches of rainfall, where the normal figure is about 35 
to 40 inches. In this condition, it is very tough to perform if we receive 90 
inches of rainfall.  
 
On the operational front, since the successful commencement of our 
expanded capacity of distillery at Gularia 200KLPD, which we are running at 
full capacity, we are on time, and we should be able to commission our 
Maizapur distillery and expand our Balrampur distillery, commence 
commercial production in both during the month of November. 
 
 
On full capacity, as informed earlier, we should be able to deliver about 35 
crore liters of ethanol, including 5 crore liters from grain and about 2 crore 
liters ENA. We are also making healthy progress in the modernization and 
updation of some sugar factories, and certain refineries also coming up. And 
all our expansion program, which were envisaged earlier are on time. 
 
 
To conclude, over the past few years, we have been maintaining our 
profitability even in sugar surplus seasons owing to various structural 
changes in the industry and our integrated model. So as the demand and 
supply scenario improves and with growth in volumes and expansion both in 
sugar and distillery segments, we hope to take our performance to the next 
level. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with a question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal 
Bang. 
 
Manish Ostwal: 
I have one question on the recent announcement by the Government. So, I 
mean, what is the implication we see for the industry per se in terms of sugar 
realization? And secondly, in particular, Balrampur Chini. Your comment, 
please. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Okay. So, as we said, let me put this in perspective. Government has done 
only one thing. They have said, you cannot export more than 10 million 
tonnes of sugar in this year, which begins from October 1 to September 30. 
Correct? They had, therefore, in order to ensure that not more than 10 million 
tonnes moves out, in a scenario where 9 million tonnes plus has already 
been contracted, laid out certain rules. So that is all they have done. 
 

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
This is a move to my mind, which is very scientific and very welcomed. So, 
they are saying that we are comfortable till you have a closing stock of about 
6 million tonnes, which as a sugar factory owner, is must. Even we all agree, 
and not from now from decades that minimum 2.5 months consumption 
should be available on October 1. The reason being, by the time new sugar 
comes into the market, it becomes December. Hence, the country should be 
able to have stocks in its go-downs, factories should have stock in their go-
downs to feed the country during those festival months and those two, three 
months. 
 
 
So, what they have also indicated to my mind, that in the coming years, the 
policy will be tweaked in a manner, export quantity, whereby you are required 
to keep about 6 million tonnes closing stock. That, to my mind, is a very 
transparent and a clear-cut mechanism and our communication, which is 
very responsible. 
 
 
So, if the country has to carry 6 million tonnes and beyond that you are 
allowed to export, I see this as a positive. So, what I also heard is people 
who are reeling from this mentally from the steel duty, which came on the 
weekend and imagining what else can happen. So just to put it on record, 
there has been no cap ever put on sugar prices. There will be no cap on 
sugar prices is our firm view. History stands evidence to that. Cane payments 
have to be done. Currently, the price is around Rs.35.5/kg. Any commodity 
can fluctuate by 1%. If that happens, one should not read more than a normal 
fluctuation. 
 
 
If people want to de-stock and prices come down by 1%, 1.5%, it is very 
possible. If you start in June, July when the prices will be higher from today, 
maybe yes, should be yes. So, there is no other move about which one 
should worry. This is a move which you are in the offering. It is rational. Had 
it not come within this atmosphere, I do not think there would have been so 
much debate about it. But there is no need to fear. Rather, there is need to 
rejoice with the clarity given by the Government. This is our view. 
 
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes. The second thing on the slide number 20, the group of Minister 
recommendation to revise MSP from Rs.31 – 33/kg is awaiting cabinet 
approval. Any timeframe we can expect? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So obviously, that will not happen at this point of time. And if the market is at 
Rs.35.5-36/kg, why should we even look at it today? 
 
Manish Ostwal:  
And lastly, sir, in the Government press release, they said that they want to 
check the prices and the wholesale retail prices. So how do you read that 
thing, sir? 
 
Vivek Saraogi  
So as I told you, these are market forces. When a Government does 
something, when inflation is staring globally the way it is and export is sort 
of, they put a cap of 10 million tonnes, again, which I say very responsible, it 
will be accompanied with some statements. The rationale behind it is to say 
that India has enough stocks. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Bala from JM Financial. 
 
Parth Bala:  
Sir, my first question is regarding the cane crushing volume. So, this year, 
we have seen it has been impacted due to the diseases. But it may be a little 
early to give any indication, but can you please elaborate a little bit more as 
to what is the exact issue here? Is it anything to do with the variety and 
probably could be a longer-term issue in nature? Or can it be reversed in the 
coming season itself, especially the decline in the yields in our catchment 

 
Page 4 of 13 
area. And also, what measures we have taken to compensate for this? That 
is my first question. 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
That is a very valid question. So, what I will do, I will hand the floor over to 
Avantika, and she will take you through our cane initiative on how things look 
today. Avantika, on to you. 
 
Avantika Saraogi: 
I just want to reiterate already what my father has mentioned that it was 
weather conditions this past year which has created the lesser yields in cane. 
It is no other reason. Rain started all the way in May and then went until 
October, which was unforeseen. And these rains were extremely untimely. 
Now 90 inches, which was mentioned is no small figures. And for us to be 
able to crush 8.88 crore quintal in that scenario, I think it is a very good result. 
 
 
But let us talk about the coming year. I have to say that this May has been 
much, much better than the previous year, and it is very, very encouraging 
to see the monsoon predictions being normal. And in this scenario, in the 
coming year, we should be in a very, very good position. I have to highlight 
some of the key cane development activities on which we have worked. We 
have made herculean efforts in four areas. 
 
 
Firstly, in planting, we have increased our area by 10% to 15%. This results 
in a total cane area increase of 6% to 7%. This is no small effort, I must add. 
 
 
Secondly, the ratoon management is somewhere we have tested a lot this 
year. East UP growers are not accustomed to actually working on ratoon 
crops and this accounts for 50% of the cane crushed. Now this year, we have 
made huge awareness campaigns, and we have pushed this activity. 
Together, we have, for the first time, been able to achieve 75% of our ratoon 
area has come out of some ratoon management activity. This is a very big 
deal for any East UP region. 
 
 
The third point is that our varietal balance, as we mentioned last time, is really 
improving. Now we have the area under 0118 has increased from 13% to 
23% for the next year. 118 recovery is superior to 238. Therefore, this is very, 
very positive for us. Other than this, a few new pipeline varieties that are 
under aggressive multiplication plans. And these are top land low land areas 
both. So, in the next two to three years, we might see a whole new cane 
landscape, which is built to last through a healthy balance in our various 
efforts. 
 
 
Lastly, I want to mention, I want to highlight this the red rot was not a major 
factor this year at all, as it was in the previous year. Going forward, it is 
becoming less and less of an affecting factor. Growers have become aware. 
We are working extensively on disease control in the last two years, and we 
continue to be very, very vigilant about it and any other disease, inset or 
pests that might affect us badly. So, we are looking to be in a very, very 
healthy position in the coming two to three years. Thank you. 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
So basically, also, what we can say today, again, we can only give you a 
much greater figure by October. But as things stand today, steering and the 
growth is way, way better than what we have seen in the past year. 
 
Parth Bala: 
Understood, sir. And sir, so is it fair to build a similar kind of a volume what 
we had in FY '21 for the crushing volume as well as the recovery rate on a 
normalized basis? 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
Absolutely. Again, if 90 inches comes, nothing can be committed. But if you 
are talking of that 1,050, we crushed, is that what you are talking about? 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Parth Bala: 
Yes. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. Our internal targets today are standing at those levels,definitely. For the 
sugar crushing season.  
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Not for FY '23? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
No, no, it cannot be, no? When we talk cane, we talk for season. 
 
Parth Bala:  
Okay. Understood, sir. And lastly, sir, on the unallocable expenses, we have 
seen a massive jump. So, can you elaborate a little bit on that? So, is there 
any change in any line item or and if you can provide a breakup for the sales? 
 
Pramod Patwari:  
So, in the last quarter of last year, there was gain on buyback of shares of 
associates. So that is the difference, Rs.7.5 crore to INR8 crore. 
 
Parth Bala: 
So yes, can you quantify that again, sir? I missed that. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Sorry. 
 
Parth Bala: 
Can you quantify that again? I missed the number. 
 
Pramod Patwari:  
I think it was Rs.7.9 crore something. 
 
Parth Bala: 
 Okay. Okay. So, this will be the run rate going forward. Is there a fair 
assumption again? What we have seen in Q4? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Run rate of what, unallocable expenditures? 
 
Parth Bala: 
Yes. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Unallocable expenditure, you can assume at Rs. 75 crore. Rs.2 crore here 
and there. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I had a couple of questions. One on the production side, I see there has been 
some change in the crushing capacity as compared to last quarter disclosure 
from 76,500 to 77,500. Have we increased or am I missing something? 
 
Pramod Patwari:  
So, we have upgraded our Maizapur sugar crushing capacity by 1,000. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. So that has been the change since last quarter? 
 
Pramod Patwari:  
Yes. That has resulted into going to 77,500 in comparison to 76,500 at a 
quarter. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Sir, I believe in the fourth quarter, financial year ending, quarter 1, we 
have then very high levels of operations, like more than 90% of crushing has 
happened. Is that on a sustainable basis? Or how would that be ahead? I am 
little worried about the crushing part; we have seen a decline in the last two 
years. Earlier, there were problems on record, last year we had seen weather 
issues. So, I know you have already gathered it, but can to share some light 
on this? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Significant portion of crushing happens only in the last quarter. So, January 
to March is the period when we get entire 90 days for the crushing. As you 
know that last year, the crushing was lower. The spillover effect of lower 

 
Page 6 of 13 
crushing will always happen in the period post March. So, if you are 
comparing the FY '22 with FY '21, definitely, the proportion of crushing, which 
happened in the last quarter will be more than 90%. There, you are right. But 
as we have mentioned in the call that next year onwards, we are expecting 
an improvement in cane availability. The same thing will happen again the 
next year also. The spillover effect of incremental cane availability will be 
seen in the first quarter of FY '24. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Sir, on the margin trend, some decline. I understand that. But in 
general, what should be the trend for March, especially on the sugar 
segment? 
 
Pramod Patwari:  
So again, we have been saying this that results should always be apprised 
at group level, considering all the segments together, because the transfer 
pricing varies from period to period and company to company. Even in this 
adverse situation, we have been able to maintain our EBITDA margin at a 
group level of around 14.4%, which was same last year. 
 
 
Now you are aware of the fact that there was increase in cane price by INR25 
per quintal. Cane availability was lower. Recoveries are down by 31bps. So, 
the cumulative effect of all this is the increase in cost of production, which 
has resulted in lower margin. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. All these gets covered at the moment the cane quantity increases. So, 
cane quantity increases is because of increase in the little area and then 
majorly because of increase in yield. If yield is better, recovery is better. If 
your quantity is higher, you get more by-product. And you get a lesser cost 
of production as fixed cost gets spread over a much larger quantity. 
 
 
So, the down trend is cane availability that one factor will lead to, you will see 
the impact. It is like an earthquake, and you see seismic zone. And here, this 
is a virtuous cycle. The moment it picks up, you will see benefit everywhere. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:  
Sir, just to continue on the same point. Assuming that we have a normal 
crushing season like we had three years back, and assuming that, of course, 
revenues from distillery segment move up as capacity expansion happens 
this year and next year, financial year, so is it safe to assume that our margin 
should be coming upwards? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Definitely. Obviously. It is more than obvious. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:  
Sir, last question from my side. So, to your mind, do you think there are any 
percentages or probabilities that the Government will come out with a cap on 
the sugar prices perse. It has not happened, but it can happen. So, is there 
a possibility that Government will do it? 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
I will try and address. Please, get me correctly. Is there a possibility an 
earthquake can happen tomorrow? The answer is yes, no? So, you want my 
thoughts, after being in this industry 35 years, I cannot say it more loudly and 
clearly that I do not see any chance by any standard of any move, which is 
negative. And trust me, I do not understand how this move is negative. It is 
telling you please export 10 million tonnes. So, if somebody was on the fringe 
and after 9.2 million tonnes he was wanting to wait, he will rush and export. 
If he rushes and export, your inventory decreases, your pricing, if at all, is 
firming up for coming years. Government wants cane payment to be done. 
 
 
Now please let us understand one thing. Why is this ethanol program, why is 
this MSP thing, why is this quota thing, why is all this seen by the Government 
once a year? Because they fix the cane price, they say we want you to be in 

 
Page 7 of 13 
a continent to pay it. So once they assess the cost side of your balance sheet, 
they look after the revenue side of your balance sheet. So, if you see B-heavy 
and C-Heavy juice, prices are revised the moment the price is touched. They 
say once we increase your input cost, we look after your output cost. 
 
 
I remind people of pandemic days when we did a call and crude went to zero. 
I do not know how many times I had to say what I had to say. But the fact is 
ethanol price is fixed once a year. It will neither go up, not go down. If crude 
goes to Rs.200, if my cane price is raised, my ethanol price will be raised. If 
crude goes to zero, my ethanol price will not decrease. So, ethanol is not 
linked to crude even though it is mixed with petrol. So, there are two separate 
sources to mix at the depot. 
 
 
So, assume that you are running a multi-fuel sort of retail outlet, you are 
allocating 10% of shelf space to one product, 90% to one product. 10% 
product will go up to Rs.15, Rs.17, Rs.20 in three years. The rest will come 
from that Rs.80. This is how this is done for the quantity. That quantity is non-
negotiable. 
 
 
 
You heard our honorable Prime Minister say from Lal Qila on 15 August is 
so clear on this environment. He said that even globally, you are allowed 
plastic straws, in India, you are not. You are seeing his thrust on environment, 
you are seeing his Atmanirbhar concept. Both convert so very well into 
ethanol, I cannot explain. To, the pricing of ethanol, the pricing of ethanol is 
a derivative. So, it is derived from cane price and increase in cost. So, these 
two increases, ethanol price will be increasing. If at all Government might 
provide some small impetus in ethanol pricing to incentivize further diversion 
because after diversion also, if you have so much of production, they would 
want a little more diversion, a little faster than we want. So that is very, very 
clear. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, sir. I agree with you on the quantity front. And thanks for the insight on 
the pricing front. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Not the quantity front. I hope everyone is clear. I am willing to answer more 
questions. On the pricing front and quantity, both are as clear as day like. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Ahluwalia from Invesco Ltd. 
 
Aditi Ahluwalia: 
I just had a follow-on to that. So, the country is already at about an 8% 
blending. And what we are given to understand is that beyond 10-odd 
percent, the rubber parts and the vehicle manufacturers need to really get 
their act together so as to be able to blend more ethanol onto the fuel. So, 
the question is that growth beyond '24, maybe you've added capacities right 
now in '23, '24, we will have already reached that 12%, 13% blending level. 
So, beyond that if the quarter does not change, how will the growth come? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. So basically, let me explain to you. There are two sorts of fuel 
compatibility. One is an engine compatibility and one is material compatibility. 
So, engine compatibility is the big measure, permanent measures, material 
compatibility, the rubber parts is a smaller measure. 
 
 
Up to 15%, there is no material compatibility fouling. Maybe if we have gained 
some rubber parts a little past transplant, Rs.5,000 a year, so be it. That is, 
it. Government is moving ahead very clearly internally understanding this. 
They have debated this around. I cannot share more than that, but it is very 
clearly debated. 
 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
So, we will move to 12% to 13% next year. And thereafter, those flex fuels 
and the other vehicles and the fact that some will do 15% some will do 25%, 
two-wheelers can go up to 85%. So, there is a full short program drawn out 
year-to-year. So next year, Pramod, 12% to 13%? 12% to 13% if we can 
supply, it will get picked up. 
 
 
So, it is going to go in my mind, now this is Vivek Saraogi of Balrampur Chini 
Mills, not or anybody. So, we are saying 10% to maybe 12.5%, then 15%, 
then maybe 20%, or maybe 18% and 20%. So, your question, whether the 
car parts will be a deal breaker, the answer is no, not in the next year, not in 
the coming years. There is a full program charted out. 
 
Aditi Ahluwalia: 
Okay. Maybe I will check with the automakers on that, I think. 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
Not the automakers, you check with SIAM. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity 
International. 
 
Madhav Marda:  
I just wanted to check that, I think 3.5 million tonnes is diverted towards 
ethanol this season. How much do we expect as the blending moves to 
12.5% and then 15%? Just how much would that number be given the mix 
of million? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
4.5 million tonnes should be next year, then maybe 5.5 million tonnes. At 
peak about 6.5 million tonnes. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
I would say maybe 6 million tonnes, 6.5 million tonnes. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
6 million tonnes plus at peak. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
At peak, 6 million tonnes, okay. And then, of course, there are incremental 
growth for us for the ethanol business will be more from grain-based ethanol 
incremental. Is that the right way to think maybe two, three, four years out? 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
Are you talking for Balrampur? 
 
Madhav Marda: 
Yes, for Balrampur, yes. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, see, our 35 crore liters can take care of that distillation capacity. We can 
take care of about 11.5 crore quintals of cane easily. So, we have built our 
assets to handle 11.5 crore quintals to 12 crore quintals of cane. And I am 
very hopeful; I am getting it within 2 years from now. Next year and thereafter, 
we will reach our levels of what we think, and this is a bit of a forward-looking 
statement, if I can say so. 
 
 
 
Having said that, our next round of growth after we sort of stitch up all what 
we have done should come from there only. And again, let us check out our 
experience of how grain behaves because we have gone a grain portion in 
Maizapur. We will get an experience very soon on that. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
Okay. Got it. And the second question was basically in terms of the sort of 
sugar price outlook from here, basically, like given inventories have come 
down the 6 million tonnes, 7 million tonnes.  
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. So, the outlook is positive only logically. So how can I say it. Okay, I will 
only say it the way I understand how to say it. If inventory depletes, please 
understand, fundamentally your pricing is on a firmer wicket.  
 

 
Page 9 of 13 
Madhav Marda: 
Absolutely. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
In the next 15 days, if I am to predict prices, or 10 days or 15 days or 20 
days, it will be headed 1% down only. Because there is fear in the system. 
There will be de-stocking. By whom? By the traders. 
 
 
If you understand, there is a pipeline of at least 5 lakh tonnes in the country. 
A pipeline means where the sugar is either on road or at the store. People 
have one truck on the road and a little bit of sugar in the store. So, when you 
go to a hand-to-mouth scare, you have one-fourth on the road and one-eight 
in your store. 
 
 
If that happens, which will, let us say, it happens, there will be a lull in buying 
for a few days. But we are seeing results of our Company in a year. What is 
the price trajectory over a year, a quarter at least. On that front, today after 
this announcement, with all confidence and analysis at my command, the 
move today is price positive and not price negative. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
That's exactly what I thought as well.  
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I am sorry I had to explain it a little vociferously because of the number of 
fearmongering I am hearing. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
Understood. And if I can ask 1 more question. Our sugar volume sales that 
have come down in the last two years. I guess that is a function of our lower 
sort of cane availability and then some diversion to ethanol. But as we issue 
the red rot disease and flooding, et cetera, goes away, are -- we could be in 
a position where ethanol volumes and sugar volumes will both move up, 
right? That also could happen in the next couple of years? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
You see ethanol is made from sugar only, no? 
 
Madhav Marda: 
Yes. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
When you crush cane, you get cane juice. You either divert it to ethanol or to 
sugar. So, if you sacrifice there, you will get a combination, you will get much 
more revenue of whatever products you make. 
 
Madhav Marda: 
So, given the recovery rates and sort of cane volume crush had come down 
in the last couple of years, I am assuming that should bounce back, right, 
because we had some weather issues and sort of... 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Pramod and Avantika, I am sure, have very clearly explained the road map 
till now. Let us now draw up a scenario for next year. Let us assume next 
year, and obviously, the production should come down from here because 
anybody who goes into the month of May and the ratoon is weak. I am just 
assuming, I am drawing up a scenario, higher volume, let us say, 32 million 
tonnes is the production. Let us say 28 million tonnes is the consumption. I 
am just trying a figure. 
 
 
Your availability at hand is higher by the difference between the two is 4 
million. You begin with the closing stock of, let us say, 6 million to 5 million. 
Government next year comes and says, okay, you cannot export more than 
4 million. It is fantastic, isn't it? So, you have been told today, next year, this 
is how your export figure will be targeted. You will get permission to export 
this much is the indication from this announcement that the backward 
calculation only requires you to have 6 million tonnes stock. 
 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
So, I am even seeing next year. So, if I have to do a next-year contract, I will 
be very comfortable doing it. But assumed price goes to 22 cents. And I want 
to sell sugar from Balrampur, I will go ahead and do it, no? Because I know 
– and I have some visibility on the production. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhalchandra Shinde from Kotak Life. 
 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Sir, regarding the capacity addition, I would like to know by November ’22, 
we will have additional capacity. Post that, if Government needs to achieve 
this 20% blending, there should be addition of more grain-based ethanol 
capacity. What are our plans beyond that means like to assume that where 
we see ourselves in the next two, three years? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
As we said, one moment we put sort of stitch up all what we have let loose 
in terms of sugar, modernization, expansion, distillation, juice, et cetera. We 
will get back with further plans, maybe after next season. 
 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Okay. And sir, one scenario I would like to know, next year because of this 
gap and the surplus production, if say, domestic market is available with us 
sugar. What kind of pricing action we can see? And what kind of profitability 
impact we see especially on the sugar profitability? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I think I have attempted to explain that already. I cannot explain more. I have 
given you a demand supply scenario. If all surplus is going, price will remain 
firm. 
 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
No, no, I am seeing same because of some worse conditions, pricing goes 
down. So how we see impact on the profitability because if say, pricing goes 
down. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
You have to calculate, no? If you feel price will go down, you have to calculate 
that so much sugar has made, so much price will go down, so much 
profitability will reduce. We do not see prices going down much. So, we have 
given our trajectory, our view based on the rationale. We have said that our 
costing will come down. We have given our view. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from Dolat Capital. 
 
Archit Joshi: 
I have a slightly elaborate question on the road map of grain-based distilleries 
that has been set up by the Government of India. The data what we believe 
that is presented by Niti Ayog, we have the distillation capacity of ethanol 
made from sugar. There's slightly more skewness towards the capacity from 
ethanol made from sugar compared to the grain-based distilleries as on 
today. 
 
 
But as per the road map maybe three to four years later, the capacity of grain-
based distilleries and the distilleries from sugar are almost at par. Given that 
the pricing also of procuring food grains has been quite lucrative at a 60% 
discount to the MSP. Given all that, the participation from the industry to 
voluntarily put-up grain-based distilleries seems to be quite lower. How do 
you see this going forward? Is the road map that has been set up by the 
Government in line with how the industry feels is going ahead? Or is there 
any diversion that you feel that you might, see? Because even for us, I mean, 
today, we are looking at a 35 crore liters manufacturing capability of ethanol 
out of which only 5 crore liters is allocated to grain-based distilleries. So 
overall, industry participation seems to be quite weak on that end. So, any 
thoughts on that, sir? 
 

 
Page 11 of 13 
Pramod Patwari: 
Archit, if you see the Niti Ayog document, it clearly says that for 20% 
blending, 1,000 crore liter of ethanol will be required. And sugar industry is 
expected to supply between 5.5 to 6 million liters Rest is expected to come 
from grain-based only. 
 
 
So, the intention of the Government at this point in time is to take care of the 
surplus sugar. By sacrificing 6 million tonnes of sugar, we would be in a 
position to meet ethanol requirement at 20% blending by the sugar industry. 
The rest is expected to come from the grain-based distillery only. 
 
 
So as far as our surplus scenario is concerned, that will get addressed even 
if the blending happens, let us say, 12%. 12%, 12.5% will take care of sugar 
requirement of 6 million tonnes. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And your question that industry will participate more, we have said very 
clearly that our participation, we will get back after putting up so much of work 
which we have undertaken. Once it is commissioned, then we will give our 
views. 
 
Archit Joshi: 
Understood, sir. So, sir, if I understand this correctly, the participation of the 
sugar companies in putting up grain-based distillery will be limited only, but 
there might be other companies who might think of putting up these kinds of 
capacities? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas India. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
My question is based on the global sugar scenario. So basically, what is the 
update on the Brazil crushing? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, Pramod, you want to take that, Brazil? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, in the sugar season '21-'22, the Brazil production came at around 32.1 
million tonnes. And in the month of April, we already have seen the data that 
the crushing is lower, diversion towards ethanol is high because of the 
elevated crude prices. We are getting various reports on various agencies 
giving a range of 29 million tonnes of production to 34 million tonnes of 
production for the next year, as far as Brazil is concerned. However, at this 
point in time, our internal view is that we can see a production of around 33 
million tonnes from Brazil in the season '22-'23. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. My next question would pertain to what are our contracted export to? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Exports? 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Yes, contracted. Not physical. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
No. Whatever we have contracted, we have already exported. 50,000 tonnes 
is what we have done. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And as you see in the segmental results, we have clubbed cogen and 
sugar at this time. So, could you give us a breakup for that revenue? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
See, this has been clubbed. Operational data we have given in the 
presentation. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Yes. Okay. And then my last question would pertain to grain based. So 
basically, we have seen that lately, the grain prices have increased. So, when 

 
Page 12 of 13 
distilleries were setting up, the Government had given prices of Rs. 19 per 
kg, now it has gone up to Rs. 28. So, what is your outlook on that? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Again, this ethanol based out of grain will be revisited. The price will be 
revisited on an annual basis. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And I will again reiterate that basically; Government will be encouraging 
ethanol from all sources. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Yes. I am sure. I am just talking about the dynamics of the grain-based capex, 
which we have done. So, the increase in the grain price increase our overall 
payback period? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I am just giving you a figure. 5 crore BL is our grain-based production. 
Assume it goes up by Rs.1/BL, we make Rs.5 crore. It goes up by Rs.2/BL, 
we will make Rs.10 crore. And on a Rs. 425 crore payback – capacity, it 
helps a little bit, but it is not a game changer. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. 
 
Nitin Awasthi:  
I just have one question, which is really technical and something which has 
not been asked until now. Now you are seeing all these grain distilleries 
having a challenging time currently because of the power cost, which has 
risen, because power is an input when you have to produce grain-based 
ethanol, whereas for sugar companies, power is a byproduct, or let us say, 
fore-products. 
 
 
So, where you have a distillery, like your process of oil, which will do both, 
grain and sugar based. Is there a very big advantage that comes because 
you have power, which will be used? 
 
Vivek Saraogi:  
Absolutely rational question. Sugar factories will have a much, much bigger 
advantage in being able to fulfill any sort of tendering process with a lot more 
visibility than stand-alone people. The point you are making is absolutely 
valid. 
 
Nitin Awasthi:  
Okay. Fair enough. I need to understand the technicalities a bit, maybe I think 
I will take it offline, but I understand the technicalities in detail. But that was 
the fundamental question that this would happen. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Absolutely. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Sawant from Axis 
Securities. 
 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
My question is regarding this again, given that your revenues from sugar 
exports were INR180 crore, do you see a scenario going forward where like 
sugar companies have to fight out for that 10 million tonnes export space, 
which will affect the revenues going forward? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
The 10 million tonnes is the limit set by the Government of India for this 
season '21-'22. What we believe that 9 million tonnes has already been 
contracted. We have already explained that by end of May, we will see 
around physical evacuation of 8.5 million tonnes. 
 
 
As far as Balrampur Chini is concerned, we were not looking any export in 
the season 21-22. 
 

 
Page 13 of 13 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And if there is a fight in 10 million tonnes, your domestic prices will fly, 
ultimately. 
 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
No, sir. But because there will be fight for 10 million tonnes, the supply in the 
domestic would increase, right? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
How will it increase? If you are INR100 in your pocket and you give 
somebody the INR50, you are left with INR50. You give INR60, you are left 
with INR40. So, if we export more or less with domestic or more? 
 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
No. –So, to understand in a normal scenario, companies in India are planning 
to export less than 10 million tonnes on usual, according to your logic? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. 10 million tonnes was never even dreamt for export. 
 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay. So, then this news is going to have no effect on any company at all in 
the Indian scenario? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
My view is double 0. 
 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay. Do you see, since this move for food security, so tomorrow, if there is 
any chance, they limit the amount of sugar going towards ethanol as a food 
security concern? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
We need 28 million tonnes. The day you do not make 28 million tonnes, these 
questions are valid. Let us understand one thing what this move also is. I am 
saying suppose tomorrow sugar went to 25 cents, certainly in three, four 
days. And India started exporting like mad, and you were looking to cross 10 
million tonnes. Tomorrow, as I said, can there be an earthquake? The answer 
is yes, no? 
 
 
So, in that sense, the Government has just put a marker. They have said 
these are the rules of the game. And it cannot be a fairer clarity and a fairer 
rule of the game. So, if you are paying football, there is a rule, no? Off-side 
goal is not allowed. It is not allowed. Simple. So, the rule to a game. The rule 
to the game here is 6 million tonnes closing stock, 28 million tonnes domestic 
consumption. Feed the two, the rest do what you want. And this is for future 
also. Yes, so this is the rule of the game 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, which was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the Management for the closing comments. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you, and we are always there to answer any more questions, Pramod, 
and me. Thank you once again for joining us. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
  
