 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25,P.J. Towers 
Dalal Streets 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539940
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: MAXVIL
 
 
SUB:  TRANSCRIPT OF THE EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL FOR Q4 & FY22 HELD ON 
MAY 25, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted by the Company for 
Q4 & FY22 on Wednesday, May 25, 2022. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
 
Ankit Jain  
Company Secretary & Compliances Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 25th May 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                         
                                     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:   MR. SAHIL VACHANI - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CEO, MAX VENTURES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. NITIN KANSAL - CFO, MAX VENTURES AND   
                                             INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. RISHI RAJ - COO, MAX VENTURES AND   
                                             INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. ROHIT RAJPUT - CEO MAX ASSET SERVICES,   
                                              
 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Max Ventures and Industries, Q4 and 
FY’22 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need operator assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by passing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Vachani Managing Director and CEO, Max 
Ventures and Industries. Thank you and over to you, sir.   
 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you so much, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on the 
Max Ventures and Industries’ Q4 FY’22 earnings conference call. I hope you and everyone 
around you is safe and in good health. Joining me today we have our CFO, Mr. Nitin Kansal, 
Rishi Raj who's our Chief Operating Officer, Rohit Rajput who's the CEO of Max Asset 
Services.  
 
We also have SGA our investor relation advisors on the call. Presentation and press release has 
been issued to the stock exchanges and uploaded on the company's website. I hope everybody 
has had the opportunity to go through this.  
To begin with I'm very pleased to share that our lease rental income in FY’22, more than 
doubled to INR 373 million in FY’22. The total lease area at Max Estates increased 35% year-
on-year to 400,000 square feet in FY’22.   
 
Just to give you an overview of how the events unfolded for the company during the year gone 
by. Financial year 22 was a transformational year for the company in which the company 
narrowed down its focus from multiple businesses including specialty films to a pure play 
focused real estate business.  
 
This was accomplished by divesting our 51% stake in the packaging films business for INR 
6.38 billion to the Toppan Group. The company has received the first tranche of payment of 
INR 4.94 billion during Q4 FY’22 and the balance INR 1.34 billion is expected to be received 
before June 23.  
 
We had always indicated that real estate would be the company’s long term focus area, and we 
are  glad that the company’s entire focus, energy, bandwidth and capital will now be dedicated 
to growing and scaling the real estate business. We expect to utilize the proceeds from the 
divestment of the packaging business to fund new projects, which we have in pipeline and 
achieve scale in the real estate business.   
 
During Q4 FY’22, the board of directors also approved the composite scheme of amalgamation 
wherein Max Ventures and Industries Limited will merge with Max Estates Limited the wholly 
owned subsidy of Max Ventures and Industries Limited. Post the completion of the merger 
shareholders of Max Ventures will receive one equity share of Max Estates for one equity 
share of Max Ventures and Industries Limited. And Max Estates will be listed on the Indian 
stock exchanges. The transaction is expected to be completed in six to nine months, subject to 
necessary approvals.  
 
Max Estates Limited, as the name will also resonate better with the business, vision, strategy, 
focus and operations of the company. Within the real estate business FY’22 started with us 
having the commercial real estate business, and during the year we announced our intention to 
foray into the residential business as well.   
The leasing in the commercial real estate business was impacted during the start of the 
financial year on account of the deadlier second wave of COVID-19. However, as the year 
progressed, and the intensity of the pandemic reduced the industry witnessed strong traction 
and leasing. At Max Estates during FY’22, we achieved 98% occupancy at Max Towers. 
Leasing at Max House Phase 1 was initially impacted due to the second wave.  
However, as the intensity of the wave reduced, we were able to lease out Max House fully 
within a quarter. Both these projects have been leased at a significant rental premium to the 
micro market signifying the excellent quality of product we have delivered, and our 
organizations ability to seamlessly navigate the challenges and emerge stronger.  

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
Just to give you a brief outlook of the business, first and foremost, it has taken us a little bit 
longer than anticipated to close new opportunities, particularly in the office space segment that 
we had set out to do in FY’22. While we have evaluated and concluded commercials for 
several opportunities, we had dropped a few of these including unreasonable demands, legal 
issues with the land that we were looking to acquire.   
We believe that it is important and better for us to wait it out and have a little bit of patience 
rather than taking decisions in haste and not acquiring the right or the legally appropriate land 
parcels. We have a very robust deal funnel working with a wide spectrum of associates. With 
real estate being the single focus of the company we are very confident of FY’23 becoming an 
inflection year for our company in the real estate business with sizable deal closures, both in 
residential and the commercial segments.  
In addition, we will also look to develop these projects in partnerships with domestic or 
institutional or international institutional investors. Having demonstrated success with our 
initial commercial developments, Max Towers and Max House, both commanding significant 
premium to the micromarket rentals, and also our first residential development in Dehradun 
222 Rajpur, which has also commanded a significant premium to the micromarket sale prices. 
We are very confident to recreate and recreate the same in our residential real estate journey as 
well, and create substantial values for our customers and all stakeholders. With this I will now 
hand over to Rishi for the detailed business updates. Thank you.   
Rishi Raj:  
Thank you. Sahil for the strategic overview. Let me now give you the real estate business 
updates. As Sahil mentioned, the commercial real estate business started on a weaker note in a 
FY’22 on account of second wave of COVID-19. As the second wave receded, the leasing 
market witnessed strong traction with large scale leases signed across the country.  
As the market was recovering strongly, the country was again hit by the third wave of COVID. 
Thankfully the third wave didn't prove to be a deadlier one and lasted for a short period of 
time. Pan India, as per JNL report, Q4 FY’22 witnessed 11.6 million square feet of net 
absorption, 113% increase on year-on-year basis. Post the third wave, the leasing momentum 
in the industry has picked up strongly with offices reopening across the industries, including IT 
space. Most of corporates have now accepted that work from home only model is not a 
sustainable way of doing business.  
In our discussions many are in fact, back to the drawing board planning to expand their office 
space with strong hiring witnessed across the industries. FY’23 has started with a very strong 
momentum in deal inquiries, and is expected to witness 10% to 15% growth in absorption span 
India.  
Now coming to Q4 and FY’22 updates. Let's start with Max Towers. Total lease area owned 
by Max Estate in Max Towers stand at 2.95 lakh square feet which translates to 98% 
occupancy. We are in advanced stages of executing lease deals for remaining 2% of the space 
at Max Towers. Lease rental income from Max Towers increased by 12% year- on-year to INR 
79 million in Q4 FY’22, while it increased by 76% year-on-year to INR 302 million in FY’22 
full year. On a full year basis next year, we expect total lease rental income from Max Towers 
to be at INR 350 million to INR 400 million.  
Moving onto Max House Phase 1, as Sahil mentioned, it is now 100% percent occupied with 
leasable area of 1.05 lakh square feet. Lease rental income from Max House stood at INR 36 
million in Q4 FY’22 while for the full year, it stood at INR 71 million. As some units are still 
in the fit out period the full rental potential is yet to be achieved. On a full year basis next year, 
we expect the total lease rental income from Max House Phase 1 to be at INR 150 million to 
INR 160 million.  
So weighted average rental continues to be at significant premium to respective micro markets 
of both the office assets. INR 105 per square feet per month for Max Tower and INR 125 per 
square feet per month for Max House. Work on Max Square and Max House Phase 2 both 
remains on track and expected to be delivered by Q4 FY’23 and Q2 FY’24 respectively. And 
we have already started receiving strong traction of inquiries for Max Square at the back of 
proactive outreach and engagement with potential clients looking to diversify to Noida as a 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
part of hub and spoke or deconsolidation strategy to be close to where the talent is. With very 
robust deal pipeline and several large leads discussions in progress we are very confident of 
conversions in FY’23 for Max Square.   
Now coming to the key initiatives or KPIs we plan to undertake in FY’23 for Max Estate 
Limited. Number one, obtain occupancy certificate for Max Square and subsequently for Max 
House Phase 2, continue to build robust pipeline for leasing at Max Square, close at least two 
growth opportunities one each in commercial and residential, conclude the merger of Maxwell 
with Max Estate, build residential capability, including people, processes, and technology, and 
get ready for launch in our residential space, drive digital intervention to enhance customer 
experience, to rate ecosystem of retain and F and B portfolio, and continue to invest in 
upgrading external infrastructure and community development, which are key drivers for us to 
command premium in the office space. And last but not the least develop ESG capabilities 
across the organization. 
On new opportunities, we have not only continued to build on robust deal pipeline but also 
progressed several deals in last one quarter from diligence to documentation stage. As of 
today, there are four deals, both in residential and commercial combined, which are in 
advanced stages of documentation. While several at the term sheet stage with commercial 
negotiations closed. With this, we are very confident of achieving above stated KPIs for 
FY’23. 
Just to share an update on Delhi 1 project there has been positive developments with several 
objections to the plan withdrawn and Noida being adjudicated as an operational creditor by the 
Supreme Court. This we are very hopeful will expedite the plan hearing process in NCLT in 
coming weeks and months. As we work out the finer details, we shall be more than happy to 
share the business updates with you all subsequently. Now let me hand over to Rohit.   
Rohit Rajput:  
Thank you, Rishi. Let me give brief highlights about Max Asset Services. Our managed office 
offering WorkWell Suites in  Max House, Okhla, which offers flexible office space to 
occupiers, who don't prefer to have a long term lease commitment saves a huge upfront cost 
for the companies and saves them from the hassle of maintaining the office space. We've 
created a 200 plus seats managed office space at Max House, Okhla, which is a 100% signed 
up now. We're extremely encouraged with the response and we are looking forward to 
launching WorkWell Suites at our upcoming projects, as well, including Max Square. 
As a part of our WorkWell philosophy, we continue to differentiate our client experience by 
adding more amenities like a fitness center, salon and early learning center, shuttle services, 
badminton court, etc., we continue to curate various F&B options to create a unique ecosystem 
for our clients to work well.   
We also continuously interact with our tenants to incorporate their interests and feedback, to 
improve their experience. Our vertical pulse organizers events, sessions around wellness, 
sports, while adhering to COVID protocols in the last quarter based on various themes, such as 
theater, health, wellbeing, and F&B. We’re going to aim to uplift our assets with the best-in-
class facilities and becoming more operationally efficient.  
We're deploying various digital tools across all verticals, such as parking management, lift 
management, amenities booking, visitor management and air quality monitoring. I'm happy to 
report the revenue from Max Asset Services more than tripled in Q4 FY’22 to INR 103 million 
while for full year, it increased by 87% year-on-year to INR 239 million.  
We expect the business of MAS to witness strong growth in FY’23, as a high percentage level 
and are expected to avail more of our services. Let me hand over to Mr. Nitin Kansal our CFO.   
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you Rohit. Good afternoon, everyone. Before starting with the numbers the important 
point to note is that until the last quarter our financials also included the numbers from the 
packaging films business. As we exited our packaging film business quarter 4 FY’22 numbers 
are not comparable to the previously published numbers. Our Q4 FY’22 results now only 
include the real estate business. 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Max Estates and our managed office business Max Asset Services. The previous period 
numbers have also been adjusted accordingly for a like-to-like comparison. Now, let me give 
you the financial highlights for the quarter 4 and the full financial year FY’22. The 
consolidated revenues for quarter 4 FY’22 increased by 76% year-on-year to INR 289 million 
consolidated revenues for FY’22 increased by 51% year-on-year to INR 1 billion.  
Let me give you a breakup of this revenue for FY’22. The lease rental income from the Max 
Towers stood at INR 300 million. Lease rental income from Max House stood at INR 71 
million. We were able to sell five villas in 222 Rajpur, which contributed to a revenue of INR 
286 million. Incomes from the Max Asset Services stood at INR 239 million,  other related 
ancillary income stood at INR 112 million.   
The consolidated EBITDA for quarter 4 FY’22 stood at INR 45 million as compared to an 
EBITDA loss of INR 67 million in quarter 4 FY’21. Consolidated EBITDA of FY’22 stood at 
INR 257 million, as compared to an EBITDA loss of INR 21 million in FY’21. The 
consolidated profit before tax for Q4 FY’22, stood at INR 22 million compared to a loss of 
INR 119 million in quarter 4 FY’21. Consolidated profit before tax, before exceptional items 
for FY’22 stood at INR 41 million, as compared to a loss of INR 252 million in FY’21.  
Speaking about our liquidity position, the gross debt for Max Ventures Industries for 
continuing operations stood at INR 2.9 billion as of March 22. The cash and cash equivalents 
post receiving the proceeds on the sale of packaging and films business stood at INR 4.7 
billion, hence on a gross basis, we or on a net basis we are a net cash company.  
With strong cash balance and focused real estate growth aspirations companies is now in a 
much stronger position to execute new growth opportunities. I would now like to open the 
floor for Q&A session. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Pankaj Jain with Mahavir investments. Please go ahead.   
Pankaj Jain:  
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. Firstly, what can be the rental, 
yearly rental potential from Max Towers and Max House Phase 1?   
Nitin Kansal :  
The rental expectation as was mentioned in the opening speech for FY’23, we're expecting 
rentals in the range of INR 350 million to INR 400 million from Max Towers and a rental 
income of close to INR 150 million to around INR 160 million coming from Max House Phase 
1.   
Pankaj Jain:  
 
Okay. And sir, what about Max House Phase 2 and Max Square?   
Nitin Kansal :  
So, Mr. Jain, the, the Phase 1 of Max House is done. The Phase 2 of Max House is expected to 
be completed by quarter 3 of  FY’24 and post which we can have realization of rental income. 
Max Square is expected to be completed by quarter 4 FY’23, and we expect the to lease rentals 
to flow in from FY’24.   
Moderator:  
 So, our next question is from the line of large Raj Joshi with Ace Securities. Please go ahead.   
Raj Joshi:  
Hello. Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, is there any kind of problems we are facing to 
sign a new development opportunity?   
Rishi Raj:  
Okay. So as Sahil mentioned in his opening remarks, there were certain challenges while we 
had closed a few opportunities, particularly in commercial office space from a commercial 
standpoint there were certain issues that we faced as a part of the diligence with respect to title 
and other issues of the land or selling company we had to drop. Having said that, as we have 
also shared with you in the Investor Presentation on page 13, we have a very robust pipeline 
and the best way to judge the progresses compared to last time with this time we have 
progressed several deals other than what we had to drop from diligence through 
documentation. And there are four opportunities between Gurgaon and Noida, which is in 
advanced stages of documentation which we are very confident to close in coming months.   

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
In addition to that, we continue to build a very robust pipeline and there are several 
opportunities where we have closed commercials and signed term sheets, which, which gives 
us extreme confidence about conversions in incoming months. And then finally, what I would 
say is, is just repeat what Sahil has said from a prudent and just to make sure we judiciously 
use capital, we do not want to take haste decisions and regret later, so we are being cautious 
with what opportunities we find, but with the pipeline that we have we are very confident of 
losing it in coming months.   
Raj Joshi:  
Okay. Sir, I have two more questions on the residential segment. So, what size of projects you 
plan to develop in, and the size and the, what kind of potential revenue you are expecting?   
Rishi Raj:  
So, in terms of residential, let me answer that in three parts. Part 1, where we are exploring 
opportunities in Delhi NCR in priority in Gurgaon and Noida. And the four opportunities in 
the documentation stage that I've talked about include them. Number 2, what kind of 
residential opportunities and the price segment we are looking at group housing as well as you 
could say, low rise, low to mid rise developments. And from a price segment standpoint this, 
we are looking at anything between INR 10,000 to INR 15,000 per square feet, which can put 
us into a premium bracket of INR 1 crore to INR 1.5 crore as a starting ticket size, going up to 
INR 3.5 crore to INR 5 crore ticket segment.   
Raj Joshi:  
Okay. And then sir, what kind of EBITDA we can expect from the same? EBITDA margin. 
Rishi Raj:  
That we will, we will hold our comment on that. It would be a bit premature for us to give 
projections on top line and bottom line at this stage. At the right point in time we will come 
back and update you on the residential numbers.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jigar Shroff with Financial Research. Please 
go ahead.   
Jigar Shroff: 
I had three questions. One is Sahil mentioned in the beginning regarding that restructuring in 
terms of merger by which because of the shareholders of Max Ventures would get one share of 
the new company for every share of Max Ventures held. So, if you could elaborate a bit on it.  
My second question is regarding what is the next debt? I mean, you did mention but I just 
missed on how on the balance sheet of the company. And the third question is I think in earlier 
call, you had alluded that FY’20 you would look at the peak lease revenue approximately INR 
150 crore. Am I right? That's it. Thank you.   
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you, Mr. Shroff this is Nitin Kansal. I'll go one by one. Yes. The prospect of the board 
of Max Ventures and Industries has approved the composite scheme of amalgamation whereby 
Max Ventures Industries will get merged into Max Estates and the listed entities would be 
called as Max Estates. So in the process, the shareholders of Max Ventures will get equal 
number of shares in Max Estates for every one share held in Max Venture the shareholders will 
get one share of Max Estate.  
This would be all for the promoters and the public shareholders both. It'll be a mirror de 
merger between MVIL and MEL. Since MVIL is a listed entity, it requires statutory approval  
from SEBI and ROC and we expect this process to be completed in the span of 6 to 9 months.   
Jigar Shroff:  
So, the activity one Max Estate should be the real estate arm. What would be the activity in the 
other company?   
Nitin Kansal:  
, The listed entity would be called Max Estates and all the assets under Max Estates would be 
under an SPV of Max Estates. The entity Max Venture and Industries will cease to exist. It will 
get merged into Max Estates Limited.   
Jigar Shroff:  
 
But what will be listed separately? Is it? 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Nitin Kansal:  
No, no. What will happen is Max Ventures and Industries will get merged into Max Estates, 
and the Max Estates will get listed. The listed entity would be called Max Estates and the Max 
Ventures and Industries will cease to exist.   
Jigar Shroff:  
 
Okay. Okay. So, there'll be only one listed entity.   
Nitin Kansal:  
                Only one.  
Jigar Shroff:  
 
Procedural I think for easier compliance, I guess.   
Nitin Kansal:  
Easier compliance, and it also helps us for a better focus, better resonating with the market 
participants about our business. And from a capital efficiency when we’d want to move capital 
from one SPV to the holding company we are avoiding multiple layers of corporate structure 
in between.   
Jigar Shroff:  
Understand I was under an impression Max Asset Services is to be transferred to the other 
company.   
Nitin Kansal:  
                 No, no. Max Asset Services will become a subsidiary of Max Estates Limited.   
Jigar Shroff:  
 
Okay.   
Nitin Kansal:  
So, the next question you had asked about the debt listing. As of 31st, March, 2022, then net 
debt on the books of Max Venture and Industries is INR 2.9 billion. This is made up of three 
components. It is made up of, LRD at Max Towers and Max House and the project debt at 
Max Square. Currently we are holding, having a cash balance of INR4.7 billion with us.  
So, on a net basis, we would be, we have a net cash surplus, and the company would have 
around INR 1.8 billion of net cash surplus available with us.   
Jigar Shroff:  
 
So now net debt would be negative INR 180 crore. That is?   
Nitin Kansal:  
                Yes, we don't have a debt. We have surplus cash.  
Jigar Shroff:  
 
Negative. Yes.   
Nitin Kansal:  
Of INR 180 crore.. We in the past have not expressed an explicit number on the revenues. So, 
the revenue currently, what we're pursuing in the FY’23 we are expecting to get revenue from 
lease rentals of Max towers, Max House, Phase 1 and, and the, the facility management 
Service Asset Management revenues coming from Max Asset Services in FY’23.  
And going forward in FY’24 expect forward. We expect the ease rentals on top of this to come 
from Max Square and Phase 2 of Max House.   
Jigar Shroff:  
If I'm not mistaken in one of the earlier calls you had alluded once Max Square is completed 
and Max House, Okhla Phase 2 is completed FY’25 and all the properties are leased, the peak 
revenue would be in the range of INR 150 crosses, I'm under that impression. I think you did 
mention in one of the earlier calls. 
Nitin Kansal:                       So once the, all the assets which we have currently in the pipeline, once they lease, we would be 
moving to a revenue number higher. I would not like to give a specific number would be much 
closer to the number which you’re mentioning.   
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Akash Mittal an Investor. Please go ahead, sir.   
Akash Mittal:  
Sir, I have been like looking at the presentations for the last five quarters right in front of me. 
And I'm somehow surprised by the lack of execution on your growth pipeline. You have been 
doing a lot of business case assessment, negotiations, due diligence, but I don't think anything 
has materialized. Am I correct in interpreting this? 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Rishi Raj: 
In terms of closure of our growth opportunities that is still in pipe. So, you were right over the 
last five quarters we have had robust pipeline. The deals have progressed. As we said candidly 
we targeted to close one commercial opportunity, at least in a FY’22, but that we have not yet 
close. And again, in the opening remarks Sahil mentioned one of the challenges has been with 
respect to acquiring land which is legally kosher in Delhi NCR, so that has been one of the 
challenge. And we had to drop a couple of them because of those issues, having closed 
commercials as a part of the diligence.  
So that is the case. Having said that as I mention and I'll just repeat very briefly. If you look at 
the pipeline, they started sharing from the last two quarters. What we report there are our 
active deal in different stages. And what gives us lot of confidence is in last one quarter, we 
have moved from diligence to documentation on four deals between residential, commercial, 
Noida, and Gurgaon. And those are in advanced stages of documentation and very hopeful that 
we will be able to deliver on our FY’23 KPI of at last few growth opportunities. So, that's one 
part of your response.  
I think second Delhi 1 has been in the pipeline for quite some time, got delayed because of 
COVID and delayed hearing in the court.  But again, there is a very good progress in terms of 
many objections getting out of our way, including the recent judgment by Supreme court to 
adjudicate Noida as operational creditor and not financial creditor. With that, we are very 
hopeful that the plan hearing will get expedited and we will see positive movement on that 
front as well.  
That in itself gives us INR 2.5 million to INR 3 million opportunity of development. So, that’s 
where we stand. And, and, and finally we just want to be a little bit more prudent and judicious 
with capital utilization versus investing in a deal, which we may end up regretting and 
destroying value for stakeholders. 
Akash Mittal:  
 Yes. Sir that's absolutely great to think on the lines of capital preservation. But see, my 
concern lies like the down cycle for real estate has already passed. Like we were at the bottom, 
like two years back one year back. At this point, the juiciest of the deals have gone away.   
What you would be chasing most likely are the deals, which would be coming at a premium to 
you.  
Rishi Raj: 
Right.  
Akash Mittal:  
And that is where my concern around the ROC starts developing. That if you start into deals 
right now where the prices have already started moving up, what sort of ROC do you commit 
coming out of these executions?  
Rishi Raj: 
I think excellent question. In terms of, in terms of we missing out on opportunity, I'll rephrase 
that a bit. I think we have lot of dealing pipeline where commercial and term sheet has been 
closed our endeavor. Whether it is commercial or residential as we have stated very 
transparently is to deliver on an IRR, which is in high-teens, and we continue to hold that bar 
for ourselves, and we are very confident on delivering on those numbers basis, what we have 
already in pipeline and what is where the discussions and negotiations are on from a 
documentation standpoint. So, so in several cases, the commercials have already been locked 
in.  
Akash Mittal:  
Okay. And do we, like last quarter also mentioned, we expect to complete, at least one growth 
opportunity in one quarter, this time I'm seeing we have committed two growth opportunities. 
So, do we see something different in the next quarter? 
Rishi Raj: 
We are very hopeful. 
Akash Mittal:  
Sir. I am hopeful as well for the last five quarters. That's where I am getting concerned now.  
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, we are very confident on delivering number.  

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubhankar Ojha with SKS Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
Shubhankar Ojha: 
 Hey, hi. Thanks for this opportunity. So, two of them. One, so basically on the merger part, so 
will Max Venture be delisted and be listed after six to nine months getting all the approvals 
that's one. And secondly, what is our equity commitments for the upcoming two projects? How 
much of that has already been invested?  
Nitin Kansal: 
Good evening, sir. This is Nitin Kansal. In terms of Max Ventures will not be delisted now. 
They would be and once we get all the regulatory approvals post six months, post six to nine 
months at that point of time, Max Ventures will get delisted. And then after then max estates 
will get listed after the span. They would be  a period of two to four weeks when the share 
would not be listed.   
Shubhankar Ojha: 
All right.   
Nitin Kansal: 
Okay. Answered in terms of capital commitment for the two projects, which are ongoing for 
both the two max square and max house phase two, for both the projects, the equity 
commitment has already been done on the terms of equity. And the debt has also been 
arranged to achieve the financial closure. So, for both the projects, equity and debt, both the 
closures have been done.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parth Vasani with KK Advisory. Please go 
ahead.   
Parth Vasani:  
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I have couple of questions. First one would be, do you 
plan to raise any funds for the real estate business?  
Nitin Kansal: 
. Currently we are sitting at cash of INR 4.7 billion on our books, and we have another 
potential to raise close to INR 2 billion to INR 2.5 billion of rupees through LRD. So are not 
expecting to raise an equity at this point of time. Post deployment of this capital, we will 
explore ways.  
Parth Vasani:  
Okay. So what can be the commercial portfolio size and the rental revenue for the company 
say after five years?  
Nitin Kansal: 
So, we have been, we have stated that we are looking to do a million square foot of residential 
and a million square commercial every year. So currently we have a portfolio which is close to 
1.2 million square feet. And going forward we expect this portfolio to add another 5 million 
square foot of commercial in next five years.  
Parth Vasani:  
Okay. So, the last and quick one. What can be the IRR return expected for real estate business? 
Nitin Kansal: 
For the? 
Parth Vasani:  
Real Estate. Sorry, residential business, residential.  
Nitin Kansal: 
So residential business is what we're looking at a number, which would be closer to high-teens 
for the residential business.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Priyanka Shah with NM Securities. Please go 
ahead.   
Priyanka Shah:  
Thank for the opportunity. I have few questions. Sir, do you plan to venture into retail segment 
as well in the future?   
Rishi Raj:  
Hi, Priyanka, this is Rishi. Again, an excellent question. Our strategy, the stated strategy is, is 
one region, multiple asset class. As a part of that strategy, we are focusing on residential and 
commercial. And as a part of residential and commercial led development retail will come in 
as a support to residential and commercial.  

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
In addition to that on a select basis we also will be exploring what we call multiuse or 
integrated development like we have in in Delhi 1 in pipeline. So, if you look at Delhi 1 as a 
part of integrated development, we have got there 3.5 lakh square feet of retail. So as a part of 
integrated development we will have retail component on select basis, but largely it is 
commercial residential with support retail.   
Priyanka Shah:  
What is the current debt for Max Towers and Max House? And what is the average cost of 
that?   
Nitin Kansal :  
So, the debt for Max Towers, which is the least entry discounting is around INR 80 CR, INR 
80 crore. And for Max House Phase 1, the debt is around, which is an LRD is around INR 40 
crore. And the average borrowing cost is early 7%.   
Priyanka Shah:  
Okay. And can you give any update on our investment in the restaurant chain? Any plan to exit 
in FY’23?   
Rishi Raj:  
 
Rohit, would you like to answer that?   
Rohit Rajput: 
Yes. Priyanka the investment in terms of your continues right now, what we've seen in the last 
few quarters is a strong rebound revenue. We've seen linear operational costs, and at the right 
time, we will look to monetize this investment. Can’t commit on our timeframe right now.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chaitanya Deepak Shah with Silver Light 
Capital. Please go ahead.   
Chaitanya Shah:  
Yes. So, my first question is regarding I was reading the presentation in one of the pages. 
You’ve written that most of the supply and commercial real estate in the NCR region is for 
strata sale. And I mean, I just want to understand given, what part of the real estate cycle we 
are in. It looks like, we might have bottomed out a couple of years ago, and we are in sort of an 
upcycle of why are people or corporates not going for outright purchases? And why do they 
prefer leasing?  
Because I think you still make 7%, 8% on real terms if you buy the asset, right. So, I just 
wanted your thoughts on that.   
Rohit Rajput: 
Yes. So, again I think interesting question in our discussions, we are in discussions with all 
large corporate occupiers. There are a few who would like to invest and earn the yield, as you 
rightly said, 7% to 8% for a large portfolio of clients.  
Let's take an example of it, ITES, which accounts for 40% to 45% of leasing that happens Pan 
India. And it's very straightforward for them. They are not in the business of investing in real 
estate and earning a return on real estate, they are in business of providing IT and ITES 
services. And that's the single most, and the most important reason for them to leave real estate 
management, which is a very cyclical business to the experts like us and others Pan India to 
manage real estate investment and focus on the business they are in. That's the single most 
reason.   
Chaitanya Shah:  
Right. So you think this trend is here to stay irrespective of the kind of yields that that have 
offered.   
Rohit Rajput: 
Absolutely. When, when you talk about leasing Pan India in top seven cities and grade A 
occupiers that trend is here to stay.   
Chaitanya Shah:  
Right. All right. I also want to understand more on the revenue number of Max Asset Services 
that was achieved this quarter. I think it was around INR 10 crore. So broadly, if you can let 
me know what. I mean, how, what is the exact business of Max Asset Services? And what 
should you expect from this particular line of business in the future?   
Rohit Rajput: 
Hi so I'll comment with the comments to your question. First let me talk about the line of 
business and what you can sort of expect. And second, I will request Nitin to comment on this 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
specific numbers portion. I think for Max Asset Services the multiple lines of business that 
we're running, the main one is property management, where we run the operations of the 
building and create client experiences that we hope will bow them and drive a greater 
stickiness, a greater loyalty to our product in our offering.  
That constitutes right now the biggest portion of our revenue. The second part of the revenue 
comes from various allied services. They could be tenants wanting us to do fit outs for them. 
They could be tenants wanting us to do project management for them, for their interiors. They 
could be tenants wanting us to do managed offices, some ancillary services, because they're on 
an ecosystem that's the second part of the revenue. 
I think, in the years to come, while we have these core lines of business around property 
management and various services that clients demand, we will continue to grow along with our 
clients where as they come into our portfolio various services and various offerings that they 
need, if it makes a business sense for us to deliver it to them we will deliver it to them. I've 
opened, I hope I’ve answered the first part of your question. I will request Nitin to come in for 
part two of your question to talk about understanding the numbers a little deeper.   
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes. So, thanks Rohit. So, the revenues which we have at Max Services INR 239 million as 
comprises of it’s primary two limits. One is the facility management income, which comes 
from Max Towers and facility management from Max House. The second part of the income 
would be the managed office space, the WorkWell Suites, which we are operating out of Max 
House. And as Rohit also mentioned, we are the managed, when we are doing fit-outs for the 
clients, then the service charges for that is also part of the Max Asset Services.   
 
Chaitanya Shah:  
Right. Understood. And in the presentation, you've also mentioned that you are looking at 
WorkWell Suites outside the Max Properties, as well. So, if you can elaborate. I mean, what 
are your thoughts there? And generally also what is your, I mean, what is your vision for 
WorkWell Suites? Are we just going to concentrate them in Max Properties or how do we sort 
of integrate them in other commercial properties, like, you entered in the presentation?   
Rohit Rajput: 
Hi. So, Rohit here, let me address that. I think right now, because we’re in the early stages in 
the business we want to focus primarily on our properties because we feel both as a developer 
and as an operator managed office, it's a great synergy. It gives our tenants a flexibility of 
options when they come into our properties to grow from taking a few seats all the way to 
actually grow into a much larger size in our portfolio. And from time to time, plan will have 
teams that will be hiring at a short purpose.  
So, it's a great add-on in our amenity within the building. Second, because we are within our 
buildings, we can control the ecosystem and the experience to a far greater degree than we 
would in a third-party asset and hence the differentiation we can create in the mind and the 
eyes and the experience of the customers far greater. So, definitely as an amenity, it's going to 
be a part of all our projects on a case to case basis, so we may take some different calls.  
Going outside of properties we want to be very careful when we underwrite it. Try and do 
teams where the asset is top notch and where the client is top notch. And there is very little 
speculated risk on the table and we will evaluate.  
Chaitanya Shah:  
Okay. All right. And I just have one last question. You’ve given a few highlights about the 
hybrid work on how corporates are thinking about it. Isn’t this going to reduce the number of 
people coming to and the space required? I mean how are you thinking about? Because it looks 
clear from your presentation says that the number of people coming to office that would be far 
later.   
Rohit Rajput: 
Yes. So, again I would just want to qualify my response with the fact that it is an opinion at 
this stage. What we are seeing is that at least in our numbers and the larger trend in the market 
is people are taking flight to quality. It's not necessarily shrinking down their office footprint. 
They want to maybe relocate to better buildings. They want to allocate in many cases, we've 
seen greater square footage per person. So, so far, in our opinion even if companies want to 

 
Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
take measures to shrink their footprint it augers well for category A plus developers like us, 
which are managing the own buildings, as well as it is auguring well for us because they're 
budgeting for a greater footprint and square feet per person.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there a no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments.  
Rishi Raj:  
Yes. Thank you everyone for your time, interest and patience to understand our business 
better. I hope, we have been able to answer most of your queries. We truly look forward to 
your participation in the next quarter. If you have any further queries, please feel free to 
contact SGA our investor relation advisors. Wish you very best and very good health. See you 
soon. Bye.   
Moderator:  
Thank you on behalf of Max Ventures and Industries Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect. 
