May 31, 2022
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
This is further to our earlier letter dated May 25, 2022, regarding audio recordings of Earnings call 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, held on May 25, 2022 please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors. 
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2022.05.31 13:01:50 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
Q4 FY22 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Management: 
Dr. Azad Moopen – Chairman & Managing Director  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Mr. Sreenath Reddy – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Chief Financial Officer, GCC 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Head of Finance, India 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head, Investor Relations  
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 2 of 32 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good morning, everyone. My name is Saurabh Paliwal, and I would like to 
welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare's earnings conference call for the fourth 
quarter and full year of fiscal year 22. The company declared the Q4 results 
last night. Hope you had a chance to review them. They were uploaded on the 
stock exchange and on the company website.  
To discuss the results and the future business outlook, we have with us the 
senior management at Aster DM Healthcare. It includes Dr. Azad Moopen, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy Managing 
Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, Executive Director and Group Head of Governance 
and Corporate Affairs; Mr. Sreenath Reddy, Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
Amitabh Johri, Chief Financial Officer for GCC and Mr. Sunil Kumar, Head of 
Finance for India. 
I would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone on how we will 
conduct this call. All external attendees will be in the listen-only mode for the 
duration of the call. We will start the call with opening remarks by 
management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A 
session, you will get a chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking 
on the ‘raise hand’ icon in the Zoom application at the bottom of the window. 
We will call out your name, after which your line will be unmuted, and you 
will be able to ask your questions. We request you to please limit your 
questions to 2 per participant at a time. Post the completion of your query 
being answered, we will lower your raised hand. 
Finally, the safe harbor related to the earnings conference call. Certain 
statements that may be discussed on this call are not historical facts and 
might be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local, 
political, or economic developments, technological risks and many other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. Aster DM 
Healthcare will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 3 of 32 
such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these 
forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
With that, I will ask Dr. Azad Moopen to start with the opening remarks. Over 
to you, Doctor. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you, Saurabh. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining our 
earnings call for quarter 4 of FY22.  
The world is slowly getting into a stage of normalcy with COVID being subdued 
and business limping back to normal. In UAE, the number of COVID cases are 
almost nil and in India also, the cases are low with very few being hospitalized 
and with minimal mortality. At this stage of nascent recovery across the 
world, unfortunately, the war in Ukraine along with inflation has put spokes 
into the wheels of recovery of the global economy. The increase in interest 
rates across the world, fueled by the actions of the U.S. Federal Reserve is 
producing reverberations across the world. I sincerely hope that the negative 
clouds shall disappear, and we shall be on a stronger wicket regarding the 
growth in all sectors soon. 
Before delving into the quarter 4 performance of Aster DM Healthcare, I 
would like to bring to your notice on our major focus on ESG. All the pillars 
including environment, sustainability and governance are being kept at the 
highest level with millions of lives being touched by Aster Volunteers every 
year. I am glad to inform you that in the CRISIL Sustainability Yearbook 
released in May 22, Aster is in the strong category with a score of 64 and is 
highest among the listed healthcare players in the overall score. I'm extremely 
happy about that. We also received many other awards, but CRISIL being the 
one based in India. I thought that I will highlight this. 
I would also like to share with you a brief on the recently conducted first 
edition of Aster Guardians Global Nursing Award to honour and express our 
gratitude to the nursing community. The nurses are the backbone of any 
health care system, and they were at the front line in the war against COVID. 
We felt that they are under recognized and under compensated and had to 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 4 of 32 
be celebrated and noted. An esteemed international jury selected Nurse Anna 
Qabale Duba from Kenya as the winner from among 24,000 applicants across 
the world. The winner was awarded a trophy and a prize money of USD 
250,000 in a function held in Dubai on May 12 this year. Nine finalists from 
different continents were also honoured in the function. We hope that this 
will help to increase awareness about the noble profession of nursing and 
attract many youngsters as the demand for nurses across the world is 
increasing, and it is estimated to be 6.5 million at present. 
Now coming to the financial performance for the full year of FY 2022: 
• 
It is a proud moment for us at Aster having crossed the landmark of Rs. 
10,000 crores in consolidated revenue in a financial year. For the full year 
FY22, revenues were at Rs. 10,253 crores, reflecting a strong growth of 
19% over FY21.  
• 
EBITDA at Rs. 1,483 crores increased Rs. 420 crores over FY21.  
• 
This growth in top line and EBITDA, combined with the reduction in debt 
by Rs. 198 crores and low borrowing costs saw our PAT (post NCI) increase 
from Rs. 148 crores in FY21 to Rs. 526 crores in FY22.  
• 
The ROCE (post IndAS 116) for the group and India which was low earlier 
have now started growing well and during the period reached 9.7% and 
7.2%, respectively, due to the better ramping up of and sweating of the 
existing assets. 
• 
India contribution to revenue is now 23% of total business as compared 
to 19% last year with EBITDA contribution of Rs. 353 crores for FY22.  
While the focus was on better utilization of existing facilities, we have also 
increased our bed capacity to 5,065 by adding 158 beds in FY22. Our staff 
count has increased from approximately 22,000 last year to almost 26,000 at 
the end of FY22. The major increase in strength is due to the labs and the 
hospitals which we started during this year. 
I'm happy to inform you that the Digital Transformation of Aster is moving in 
the right direction, and we expect it to start making a huge impact in our 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 5 of 32 
operations and revenues from this financial year onwards. Deputy Managing 
Director, Alisha Moopen, shall speak more about this soon.  
I shall now briefly touch upon the financial and operational highlights for the 
quarter 4 of FY22.  
• 
At a consolidated level, we posted revenue of Rs. 2,728 crores, which is an 
increase of 14% when compared with the same period last financial year. 
• 
EBITDA is at Rs. 463 crores, an increase of 44%. 
• 
The profit after tax (post-NCI) is Rs. 226 crores, an increase of 115% when 
compared with quarter 4 of FY21.  
• 
With respect to GCC business, quarter 4 was a good quarter overall 
delivering growth over last year as well as over quarter 3. Revenue has 
grown 11% year-on-year to Rs. 2,121 crores. EBITDA increased to Rs. 384 
crores as compared to Rs. 289 crores in the same period last financial year.  
• 
The Aster India business has grown significantly in quarter 4, with revenue 
growth of 26% year-on-year to Rs. 607 crores and EBITDA increasing by 
147% to Rs. 79 crores as compared to the same period last financial year. 
EBITDA margins improved from 7% in quarter 4 of FY21 to 13% in quarter 
4 of FY22. 
Let me now move on to some of the operational updates. 
In India, we have started operations of the 140-bed Aster Mother Hospital in 
Areekode, in Kerala, fulfilling our promise to kickstart brownfield low capex 
initiatives. This takes the total bed count in India to 4,045 capacity beds. We 
are looking at such opportunities in various parts of India, which gives a much 
better return on investment and improve our efficiencies.  
Aster Labs, which has its presence in both Karnataka and Kerala has now 
entered 4 other states: Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and 
Telangana. As of 31st March 2022, there are 2 reference labs, 12 satellite labs 
and 100 patient experience centers. By the end of FY23, we are planning to 
have 38 labs and over 400 patient experience centers overall. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 6 of 32 
With respect to the Aster Pharmacy branded retail stores operated by Alfaone 
Retail Pharmacies Private Limited under the license from Aster, we celebrated 
the milestone of 100th store launch in Kochi, Kerala. As on 31st March 2022, 
there are 131 pharmacies: 82 in Karnataka, 27 in Kerala and 22 in Telangana. 
The plan to reach around 300 pharmacies by the end of FY23 is on track. 
We signed a Memorandum of Understanding with The Government of Tamil 
Nadu proposing an investment of Rs. 500 crores in hospitals, pharmacies, and 
laboratories in the state over a period of 3 years - we are looking at an asset-
light model with someone doing the hospital building for us. We have started 
rolling out the low-cost labs and pharmacies in Tamil Nadu, which is 
something which will be there even before we start the hospital.  
Aster CMI Hospital in Bangalore in association with the Indian Institute of 
Science launched an artificial intelligence lab. The lab aims to build cutting-
edge health care products and bridge the gap between clinical medicine and 
technology by training health care professionals in artificial intelligence. 
In GCC, the 101-bed Aster Hospital Sharjah commenced operations during the 
month of April. We also expect to commission Aster Hospital in Muscat, Oman 
in the next 1-2 months. These 2 hospitals will increase our total capacity bed 
in GCC to 1,406.  
GCC, especially UAE, is an insurance-driven market. We are focusing on 
efficiency improvement measures, especially strengthening the revenue cycle 
management function. For this, we are making active investments in talent 
for the RCM function and expanding the role of Shared Service Center based 
out of India to bring down the cost. 
We continue to be recognized for the quality work we do and external 
recognitions we received is testament to the Aster's all-round excellence.  
• 
Aster Hospital Mankhool achieved the prestigious HIMSS Stage 6 
certification. This multi-specialty hospital is the first private hospital in 
Dubai to win this recognition. The achievement reaffirms our Aster 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 7 of 32 
Hospitals commitment to integrate technology into its services to ensure 
advanced patient safety and error free treatment. 
• 
LinkedIn ranked Aster among the top 5 preferred employers in UAE. The 
ranking was based on our ability to attract and retain talent, including the 
career advancement opportunities we provide for employees of all 
backgrounds. 
I would like to give an update on the disinvestment of noncore assets -  
The Saudi asset divesture is moving forward, though at a slow pace. While we 
are at an advanced stage of conversation with one prospect, the recent 
improvement in performance of the hospital has led to interest by a few 
others. As you may be aware, Saudi has most potential in GCC with a 
population of over 30 million with huge demand supply gap in healthcare. We 
are exploring the opportunity for getting a Saudi partner to roll out low capex 
model of pharmacies and clinics and labs with a partial sell-off from the 
hospital asset to fund this. We shall keep you informed of the developments 
in the coming quarters.  
Status of the corporate restructuring –  
The subcommittee of independent directors formed to look into the 
corporate restructuring is actively exploring the various options. We hope to 
give an update on the status during the next quarter earnings call. 
I now request the Deputy Managing Director, Alisha Moopen to elaborate on 
the GCC business, the Digital Transformation and other strategic initiatives 
undertaken by Aster. Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, everyone. As Chairman mentioned, the 
world has started opening up and easing all the travel restrictions. This has a 
significant impact in the GCC for us because a large part of the population 
here is the expat population other than in Saudi. When you look at the 
country, the UAE has managed the pandemic very well, and Dubai in 
particular, has pushed ahead with major reforms to attract more people to 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 8 of 32 
establish a base there and live there. Part of the expat population, which had 
left during the COVID has also started coming back. We are seeing a rise in 
tourism, which is a big driver of commercial activity in this area. 
Our resolve to get on with our lives in a normal fashion, like it was before 
COVID is strong and our own experience dealing with a pandemic like 
situation, plus the continuous scientific innovation and research, should keep 
us in good stead.  
Going a little bit more detail on the GCC trends, we have seen a good year-
on-year growth of approximately 13% growth in revenue over FY21 and I'm 
pleased to state that this is also a growth of 12% over the FY20 revenues since 
we wanted to compare it with a pre-COVID era. The EBITDA at Rs. 1,130 crores 
witnessed an increase of 23% over FY21. 
For Q4, the revenues for GCC saw an increase of 11% over last year and grew 
4% over quarter 3 of FY22. This has primarily been led by growth in our 
hospital business. The clinic revenue grew by 13% and EBITDA increased by 
6% over quarter 4 of last year. The pharmacy segment is showing signs of 
improvement with a marginal increase in revenue sequentially and EBITDA 
has moved from Rs. 76 crores in Q3 to Rs. 112 crores in Q4 of this year.  
We continue to face some pressures from the insurance companies, and we 
are seeing some margin pressure both on our OP and IP business. Recently, 
we have had the DRG2 implementation and the tariffs that's been finalized; 
we expect the IP related rejections to stabilize. Like in any evolved market, 
there is stiff competition in this market as well.  
The positive news is that we believe that the next financial year shall see a 
near normalcy being returned across GCC, especially in our largest market, 
Dubai. 
Just going on to some of the new business initiatives. We know that we need 
to innovate and explore new business models, which involve sharing risk and 
rewards that will help make our business more sustainable and more resilient. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 9 of 32 
We are working on few such models with our insurance payors in the GCC. 
We recently launched a joint product with Insurance Company for the lower 
income group. While these are still at nascent stage, they would be critical for 
us to remain relevant in the coming years.  
We have also increased our focus on medical tourism as part of the GCC 
growth strategy. This is in line with the UAE vision to increase tourism for 
health care as well. In the last quarter, we have been able to attract and treat 
multiple cases from close by countries for gene therapy, especially from 
Turkey. We have been able to provide vaccination and cure to children 
suffering from SMA, which is quite a niche and advanced therapy.  
In order to further our growth in the pharmacy business in GCC, we are 
exploring the franchise model for the pharmacies as well as looking at 
expansion feasibility in Jordan and Bahrain. We are working actively towards 
going to adjacent geographies, which has been able to see a turnaround post 
COVID. We have also reset our cost base during COVID, and the business is 
doing much better in terms of revenue and EBITDA.  
Specific to UAE, we are actively investing into widening our range of offerings. 
We are setting up clinics, which are focused on wellness, where we shall 
provide a wide range of services, including functional medicine, cosmetics, 
aesthetics, IV drip therapy. There is also going to be increased focus on 
growing other cash-related business like dental and mental health.  
Further, as Chairman mentioned, the market in GCC, especially Dubai remains 
competitive. We, at Aster, are exploring innovative business model in 
partnership with payors and leverage our scale in the region. This, we believe, 
will help us compete more effectively and service certain demographic 
segments in the coming times. 
Of course, our major focus for the last year has been building the whole digital 
muscle for Aster. As stated, a few quarters ago, we continue our pursuit to 
make Aster more future-ready and create a better experience for our patient 
care. We do recognize the fact that digital is really the way to further our 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 10 of 32 
mission of healthcare as well as wellness. We have been making some very 
strategic investments and building on some strategic partnerships on 
bolstering our digital backbone. 
I would like to summarize some of the progress that has been made during 
FY22 and what's planned for FY23. We have been building our core digital 
team with the CEO that was hired last year. And as Chairman mentioned, we 
continue to make investments in talent in this area and continue to 
strengthen our engineering as well as the product team.  
Our app, which is One Aster shall be the primary omnichannel mode of 
engagement and which will allow us to have a unique integrated view of 
patient care across all healthcare touch points. This will house appointment 
booking, tele-consult, e-pharmacy, home health, e-diagnostics, chronic 
disease management and creating various streams to support patient 
wellness. The app is on the App Store and Google Playstore. We did a very 
controlled launch of the latest version in April '22 to a select few and we saw 
more than 10,000 users and 2,000-plus registrations. This is only virtual 
consult being launched at this point as we are yet to launch the e-pharmacy, 
which will be launched in a few days from now. Post the successful launch in 
the UAE, we plan to replicate this omnichannel care model in our top core 
markets in India in a phased approach. It is expected to start piloting within 
our Kerala cluster in the second half of FY23. 
There's also a big focus on personalized and guided care to patients through 
the digital CRM, which we have launched in obstetrics and gynecology as well 
as orthopedics across all our brands of hospitals and we have seen success 
with these pilots. We will be now making this a mainstream revenue initiative.  
We have also launched a data lake digital initiative across Aster. This cross 
verticals data lake is to leverage native data across our verticals and shall help 
in unlocking cross-vertical opportunities as well as engagement for our 
patients and customers. This shall have use cases across marketing, finance, 
clinical and operations. We are working with some technology partners, and 
we have started work on this already this year. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 11 of 32 
We have a total planned cash outflow of Rs. 175 crores towards digital 
investment, out of which we have spent over Rs. 56 crores as of March 31, 
2022. Cash outflow for the balance is expected over the next two years.  
Riding on the back of digitization, we have also set up our Aster Global 
Delivery Center in India mapped to our Centers of Excellence in UAE. This 
center is now one year old. Numerous process improvement plans have been 
implemented thereby making processes more agile across all functions like 
F&A, procurement, HR, IT, RCM, to name a few. We have over 350 people 
operating out of 3 locations in India - in Bengaluru, Calicut, and Gurgaon. The 
Aster Global Center is poised to become the center of innovation in the 
coming years, piloting some of the most critical and important processes and 
products. 
I will now request our Group CFO, Sreenath Reddy, to take you through the 
details of the financial and segmental performance of the quarter. Thank you. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Thank you, Alisha. Good morning, everyone. On a consolidated basis, our 
revenue from operations for the quarter has increased by 14% to Rs. 2,728 
crores year-on-year. India revenues have increased to Rs. 607 crores, up 26% 
year-on-year from Rs. 481 crores. Revenue from our GCC operations is Rs. 
2,121 crores, an increase of 11% year-on-year.  
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 463 crores, an increase of 44% 
year-on-year. EBITDA from India operations has more than doubled year-on-
year to Rs. 79 crores and EBITDA from GCC operations is Rs. 384 crores, an 
increase of 33% compared with the same period in the previous financial year. 
EBITDA margin is 17% as against 13.4% in the same quarter of the previous 
year, an increase of 360 basis points. PAT (post NCI) increased by around 
115% from Rs. 105 crores in Q4 FY21 to Rs. 226 crores in the current quarter. 
In terms of performance for the year, consolidated revenue from operations 
increased by 19% year-on-year from Rs. 8,608 crores to Rs. 10,253 crores. The 
EBITDA for the year has increased from Rs. 1,063 crores to Rs. 1,483 crores, 
up 40% year-on-year. India revenue for FY22 is Rs. 2,384 crores, up from Rs. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 12 of 32 
1,654 crores in the previous year and EBITDA now is Rs. 353 crores, up from 
Rs. 144 crores in the previous year with a margin of 15%. India’s contribution 
to the group EBITDA has increased to 24% compared to 15% in the previous 
year. PAT for the group (post NCI) is Rs. 526 crores compared to Rs. 148 crores 
for the previous year. 
Coming to the segmental performance for the quarter. GCC Hospital revenue 
is Rs. 944 crores, an increase of 14% year-on-year, primarily driven by better 
performance of our hospitals, including Saudi.  
GCC Clinics revenue was Rs. 661 crores, an increase of 13% year-on-year and 
4% sequentially. EBITDA increased by 6% year-on-year to Rs. 122 crore and 
EBITDA margin is 18.5%. With COVID cases seemingly under control, drop in 
RT-PCR revenues and uptick in normal business has resulted in lower EBITDA 
margins in comparison to the previous year.  
GCC Pharmacies revenue increased 9% year-on-year from Rs. 559 crores to 
Rs. 609 crores. EBITDA increased from Rs. 67 crores to Rs. 112 crores, an 
increase of 68%. EBITDA margin for this segment also increased to 18.5% as 
compared to 11.9% for the same period last year. The increase in margins for 
the quarter is primarily on account of purchase benefits earned due to ramp-
up of sales post COVID.  
Consolidated net debt as at 31st March 2022 stands at Rs. 1,806 crores 
compared to Rs. 2,004 crores as at 31st March 2021, a reduction of Rs. 198 
crores. India net debt stands at Rs. 319 crores compared to Rs. 306 crores as 
at 31st March 2021. And GCC net debt has reduced to USD 197 million from 
USD 231 million as at 31st March 2021. The reduction in the consolidated net 
debt combined with an improvement in our EBITDA reflects in better net debt 
to EBITDA ratio of 1.6 for FY22 as compared to 2.7 for FY21.  
Capital expenditure during the year was Rs. 544 crores. In addition, another 
Rs. 43 crores was incurred towards acquisition of wholesale pharmacy 
business and additional stake acquisition from minority shareholders, both in 
India. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 13 of 32 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We would be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Saurabh to open the question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you Sreenath. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please click on 
the ‘raise hand’ icon at the bottom of the Zoom application. Reminder again, 
please limit your questions to 2 per participant. The first question is from 
Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. The question is more on when 
I look at how are we thinking about fiscal 23 at this point of time in terms of 
either outlook for revenue or how you're looking at margins? That's first 
question. And question number 2 is on the hospitals business. It's done well. 
Specifically, a combination of both volume growth and price in terms of 
ARPOB increase. If you can help us understand how the hospital business 
will likely grow? What are some of the drivers of growth? I'm more keen on 
how the ARPOB dynamics are. These are my 2 questions. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sreenath, you would like to answer? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. Shyam, in terms of going forward, it's a little bit early to give any kind of 
a guidance. Maybe another one quarter is something we would like to 
observe, and by second quarter, we'll have a bit of clarity. But at least, what 
we are seeing is that the current year looks more normalized. If you look at in 
the previous years, in the GCC region, quarter 1 and quarter 2 used to always 
be low, and quarter 3 and quarter 4 performance would always be better. 
So that is what we are likely to see in the current year. The RT-PCR tests have 
gone down and therefore, the margins in the clinics will see a drop for quarter 
1 and as well as quarter 2. And in terms of the hospital business, answering 
the question, one hospital has already launched in Sharjah and the Oman 
hospital sometime during this quarter would likely to be launched. In terms 
of the existing hospitals, we will continue to see the same margins. Maybe in 
quarter 1, quarter 2, we could see some small drop, maybe 50 basis points. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 14 of 32 
But we feel that in terms of hospitals, we should continue the margins what 
we have got at this point of time. 
We could see a drop in the clinics, mainly because of the RT-PCR. Pharmacies 
is something where the volumes are seeing an uptick. In fact, during the last 
quarter, even the footfalls have started going up and therefore, we are 
positive and with all the e-commerce and other initiatives being taken. 
Pharmacies, which was flat for some time; we feel that it should have an 
uptick in terms of revenues. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Just to add to that, Shyam. I just wanted to tell that one of the initiatives which 
we started and which we mentioned earlier was about the brownfield 
opportunities, operations management of hospitals with almost nil capital. 
We hope that we'll be able to have significant number of hospitals in India, in 
the geographies that we operate, and this can add to our number of beds to 
a great extent without capex being brought in. That is something where we 
are focusing and if that model works, that will be a way in which we can 
increase our number of beds. We see that there is an opportunity for good 
margins without investment, where the ROCE goes up significantly. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
And Shyam, in terms of India hospitals, we continue to see growth. It could 
be something similar to what we had in quarter 4 at least for quarter 1. That 
is something hospitals in India continue to do. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. My question is specific. Regarding the second part of my question, you 
talked about growth, but how are we seeing the ARPOB dynamics, either in 
terms of in an inflationary environment, are you able to take medical 
inflation linked price increases? How should we look at the mix change from 
a hospital perspective? Medical tourism, I think you touched upon in the 
opening remarks. So just those dynamics around how we should think about 
the growth coming from price and volume? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. One thing which I just wanted to mention is that we know that there's a 
requirement for price increase and to see the inflation, how it is being 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 15 of 32 
covered. In India, some of the hospitals already have taken the price increase. 
And Sunil, if you can just give what is being done already, in India. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Thank you, Chairman. Yes, in India, already majority of our hospitals, 
specifically in the Kerala and the Karnataka cluster have already taken the 
price increase in the quarter 1 itself and some of them took in the last quarter; 
in the end of the quarter 4. These price increases range somewhere between 
5 to 10 percentage, and it's not across the board. We have gone through some 
of the services wherever we feel it is underpriced and looking at the 
competition also, we have done the price increases. But I think this will be 
enough to ensure that whatever the ARPOB increase we have seen from FY21 
to FY22, the similar uptick can be looked at least in going forward also. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Shyam, that is in India, what Sunil gave. In GCC, we expect similar ARPOBs to 
continue. We don't see significant increase because like in our opening 
statement what we said, there has been some pressure from the insurance 
companies. So therefore, the ARPOB levels will continue to be almost similar. 
There may not be a price increase as such, but we are looking at bringing in 
efficiencies and increasing the wallets. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Just to add to that, Shyam, I think you will remember the point on the MVT. 
That's one area that we're focusing on for increasing the occupancy levels. 
But another one is, we are fully shifting the mix of cases within our hospitals 
as well. When you look at Aster Hospitals, for example, we have added 
neurosurgery, we have added oncology. There is an increase, a slight increase 
in ARPOB that you're seeing in the GCC hospital on account of this case mix. 
We believe that while inflationary linked tariff increases are a little bit more 
of a challenge in insurance-led businesses. What we have in our control is we 
have an occupancy that we still need to work on, which between MVT and 
service level changes where we are moving much more into tertiary care 
services and procedures here. I think that's where we will see the uplift on 
ARPOBs coming in. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you and all the best.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 16 of 32 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Amrish Kacker. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a fantastic quarter and a 
fantastic year to everyone in your team. The 2 questions I had were on the 
new initiatives. First, in the digital and then the clinics and labs in India. For 
the Indian operation, is there some color you can provide? We've now got 
some very good numbers in terms of pharmacies, in terms of labs and PECs. 
Is there something qualitatively you could share on good and bad and how 
this fits into our strategy and thinking of having these in reasonable 
proximity to our hospitals and having some sort of an ecosystem around 
this. Is there any visibility you can share on a qualitative basis at the 
moment? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
From the qualitative side, as has been mentioned by Alisha; she will mention 
more about what is happening in the digital and Amitabh also will mention 
about that. See, we would like to create an ecosystem where the hospitals 
are connected with the clinics, with the pharmacies, with the home care and 
all these are tied up through the One Aster where virtual consultation also 
will be available. We have been talking about this omnichannel where we 
want to provide this to our patients, and this is going to be a reality within the 
next 6 months once the app is rolled out in different parts of the GCC as well 
as in India. 
We think that it will be a force multiplier, which will have a significant impact 
on our revenues as well as our patient comfort. That is what we are looking 
forward; the digital driving along with the physical, which is getting ready in 
India, so that we are now closer to the people. We always say that we have 
to take healthcare closer to people. That's what is happening through the 
physical ways. Just by online, we don't think that we'll be able to do. Even if it 
is a pharmacy, if a medicine has to be supplied, we think that if we are closer 
to a location, it will be easy for us to provide. Even an online order coming in, 
for fulfilment, it will be easier for us rather than many others who will have to 
bring it from faraway places. In all these ways, the saturating of the market 
with our pharmacies, our clinics as well as with our hospitals as the backbone; 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 17 of 32 
I think we'll be able to provide a bouquet of services, which are connected 
with each other. Alisha, you wanted to say about the digital part. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. So Amrish, I think just echoing what Chairman said. For us, in India, as the 
clusters are there with the hospitals, we do really think that still the funnel 
comes from the primary care. And primary care, whilst digital is a major 
unlock, you still would need the physical presence as well. We've got 4,000 
doctors; how do we really give them access to a wider population? Digital will 
enable that.  
But when you're looking at combining that with the pharmacy and the 
medicine delivery, having these units; it really fits in to making sure it's a tight 
ecosystem where people do think about Aster not just for tertiary and 
quaternary care because that's what we have built over the last 15 years in 
India but we also want to make sure that anything which is for primary care 
as well as post-op care, we are able to have that connect across from the 
primary care all the way to quaternary care and the post-op care, which 
requires both this digital as well as the physical infrastructure and network to 
be created. 
I think qualitatively, from a patient's journey and experience, it gives them 
multiple options and that's really what we wanted to kind of enable; the 
convenience, whether if you want it at home, you have that option to have it 
at home, whether you want to go to the store that's next to you, that's also 
available. We do think the whole idea is how do you empower the patients to 
have more choices and more access and more convenience. We really believe 
that these needs to go hand in hand. It cannot be only a physical plan, or it 
cannot be only a digital plan, which is where these have been for us. We've 
been trying to run these in parallel to give that dual choice for our customers 
and patients. 
Amitabh Johri: 
Just to add to what Alisha was saying, if you look back at the last year, where 
we haven't launched our e-pharmacy as an app. Just by WhatsApp orders that 
have been received by us, we've been able to generate almost Rs. 50 crores 
of revenue. These are the places where we see that there's a great 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 18 of 32 
opportunity because these are orders that are coming on WhatsApp. The 
moment you launch an app where your captive patient base is automatically 
given the option of getting the medicine delivered to home and we're also 
launching a lab business in UAE, so the phlebotomist can reach your home to 
do the tests. All this ecosystem of a patient care integrated at One app is 
expected to give us significant revenue potential in the UAE. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you all. We look forward to this over the next 12 months, I suppose, 
as we start rolling it out, it looks very, very interesting. Just as a follow-on 
and the second question, effectively to this. So, on the app itself, we've 
earmarked Rs. 175 crores. We've spent a little less than one-third of that and 
we'll spend the remaining next 2 years. I think you talked also about 
monetization. I'm just trying to understand beyond, of course, the customer 
experience and the stickiness that will create. And I guess we already have 
a use case in e-pharmacy kind of sales. Are there any other monetization 
pillars that we can see? And sort of what metrics should we be thinking 
about for this digital business? 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
Sure. I'll ask Alisha or Amitabh to give the details. We have launched 
programs, chronic disease management as well as the ways in which we can 
avoid dropout of patients as well as fulfilment of patients who come to us and 
go back and then don't come back for medicines or for treatment. If you can 
give some details on that, Alisha or Amitabh? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Amitabh, you want to give the numbers? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure, Thank you, Alisha. Thank you, Chairman. If you look at, Amrish, last year, 
we also launched two more initiatives. One was what we internally call it as 
revenue augmentation. It's an initiative which allows us to ensure that a visit 
to a GP is referenced to a hospital. There's no handoff and it's more towards 
the patient care where a patient clinical walk between a clinic and a hospital 
is managed and we've seen that there's a significant acceptance to that. If you 
look back last financial year, even in last 2.5 quarters, we generated almost 
Rs. 18 crores of revenue. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 19 of 32 
And again, as Alisha mentioned in her speech, it is very limited. We just 
launched it at a few clinics for orthopedics and obstetrics and gynecology. 
Similarly, when we call it as a DCRM, we've been able to create a platform 
which pulls the information from our HIS system and for chronic cases, where 
there is a need for a medicine or a regular checkup, a reach out is made to the 
patient to further the patient care. 
And we've seen that it has helped us get the patient back into clinical 
consultation, like e-pharmacy, things of multivitamins and other places we 
have seen that this has led to, in the last 1.5 quarter gave us revenue of almost 
Rs. 10 crores. Amrish, the reason I'm bringing on the numbers is because on 
a limited pilot launch, we've been able to see significant growth potential on 
this and that's why we believe that for this geography, this can be a strong 
growth propeller for us. 
Amrish Kacker: 
I think that's very helpful. And hopefully, as we go forward, we'll find a 
metric. Also, some way to measure this because I suppose the revenue will 
get captured in one or the other division but it would be really interesting to 
track this. Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
What we are hoping for is, over time, as the app is launched, like you said, we 
would be able to say about our unique number of customers which are there 
on the app and how much is the sort of realization per patient. We have kind 
of the data on how much that is right now; are the pharmacy orders changing, 
are the visits changing. So, those are the kind of metrics we are working 
towards developing. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you for your detailed replies and all the best for next year. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Ramvir Singh. 
Ramvir Singh: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question was related on balance sheet 
side, the current net debt of Rs. 1,800 crores. Can you give year-wise 
repayment plan, how we are going to pay? And if you could give it capex 
year-wise related to expansion? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 20 of 32 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. I can just provide the summary, but anything in detail Saurabh can always 
provide. The debt repayment, most of this debt is in GCC, and this debt is 
going to be repaid in the next 6 years. It's a step-up, which gets repaid in the 
next 6 years. In India, the debt whatever we have got, that is the long-term 
debt in terms of close to around 12 to 13 years. That is on the repayment 
schedule. Sorry I didn't get your second question. 
Ramvir Singh: 
Capex related. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes, capex is something which we had guided earlier itself. Every year for the 
next 3 years, including the current year, we have said that we'll be around Rs. 
580 crores and that is the Capex number, which we look also going forward 
for the next 2-3 years. Every year, we'll have a spend of around Rs. 580 crores. 
We need to create newer facilities for the growth and a major part of this, 
almost Rs. 300 crores we are earmarking it to India. 
Ramvir Singh: 
So that Rs. 580 crores would be related to that expansion planned in GCC 
and India, some 300 beds we are going to add in '23? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
This Capex is for everything that is, hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, and, we 
have got those digital activities happening. So, it's a combination of all that. 
Out of the Rs. 580 crores, Rs. 300 crores is for India, mainly for the hospitals 
and also, we are investing a certain amount in the rollout of the labs. So that 
is the plan. We have got labs and pharmacies; labs are one area, where we 
would like to scale it up further. 
But mainly our focus is going to be on hospitals. Like what it was said, we 
would like to create the ecosystem in the places wherever we are present and 
that is the reason we are creating these labs because we want to go to the 
doorstep of our customer through labs and pharmacies. So that ecosystem is 
being created in the places where we are present. No doubt, as a pilot basis, 
we may get into other geographies where we are not present, but those 
numbers will be minimal at this stage. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 21 of 32 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Just adding to that. One, wherever possible, what we are doing now in India; 
earlier, we used to do this in GCC only, we make it asset-light. Even hospitals 
that we have to construct, which is greenfield, we have people who are ready 
to construct it for us and give it on a long-term lease. While it may come on 
to our balance sheet with the new standards, we will have the cash flow 
advantage and so we are looking at that with the very attractive rates at which 
people are ready to construct it for us. The equipments we bring in, but half 
of the cost, which is the land and the building, we don't take on our balance 
sheet as much as possible. The second thing, apart from these expenses, 
which Rs. 500 - 550 crores, some amount of replacement as well as 
maintenance capex, which comes into that because we have 5,000 beds. So 
naturally, there will be some replacement also which is required. 
Ramvir Singh: 
Yes, understood. So just wanted to understand that debt because we have 
high intensity capex going forward for the next 3 years. And so, debt 
repayment may be calibrated. But still, I feel that on balance sheet side, do 
you think the debt equity ratio would significantly improve in the next 2 
years or maybe by FY25? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sreenath, do you want to take that? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes, definitely. If you look at it, because of performance year-on-year will keep 
improving, in fact, we'll have free cash flows, if we look at in the current year 
as well, we do have free cash flows. So going forward, because when the 
capex is restricted and we don't have any significant borrowings to make 
because internal cash, what we are generating is sufficient mostly for our 
capex. And therefore, the repayment of the debt will happen at a faster pace. 
In fact, last year, during the COVID times, based on the collections that we 
made, we preclosed one of the loans as well. So, there is every possibility that 
in the next 2-3 years, we should have sufficient cash to reduce the debt from 
the present levels. 
Ramvir Singh: 
Okay, thank you. And just on Q4 performance, do you feel part of 
performance is related to pent up demand because we came out of COVID 
scenario? And so obviously, there would be some from out-patient side and 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 22 of 32 
in-patient side and that 66% occupancy may have some related to pent-up 
demand. So, do you feel any element is there in Q4? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
In fact, not because what we have seen during this quarter also is that there 
is that business continuing. As well as, during COVID, you had all the revenues 
coming through COVID testing, PCR and all which has gone away. In spite of 
that, we were able to have a fairly good quarter. Now when we look into this 
quarter also, the performance is showing which has happened even in the 
post-COVID period, even without that pent-up demand. 
Ramvir Singh: 
So going forward, because now bed capacity is also being increased. So, can 
we assume that 60% plus occupancy will continue in FY23 and FY24? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
We hope so. See it’s unpredictable, but we hope so. We have been having 
better occupancies since some of our hospitals, especially the new hospitals, 
have started ramping up quite fast. We want to go up, and we are seeing that 
trend where we will have better occupancy as we go forward. Like what has 
been told earlier, this whole idea of this ecosystem being created, where 
there is a primary care, where there are these labs, the pharmacies, 
everything becomes a funnel, which brings patients into the hospital. So that 
is the whole idea of increasing the occupancy. It is Aster being seen 
everywhere and having points of contact in all the areas where we are. We 
hope that more and more doctors as well as patients directly will come into 
our system and our occupancy can go up. 
Ramvir Singh: 
Okay, nice and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Sreesankar. 
Sreesankar R: 
Three quick questions. Just wanted to know what is the breakup of your 
capital employed between GCC and India? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. I’m just taking those numbers. Can we move to the next question? I will 
get back on that quickly 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 23 of 32 
Sreesankar R: 
Okay. The next one is the capex between GCC and India over the next 3 
years. You mentioned Rs. 580 crores. I heard you say that it is Rs. 300 crores 
for India over the next 3 years or so. And the third one is receivable levels. 
What is also the receivable difference between GCC and India? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. For your second question, in terms of the capex, Rs. 300 crores is what 
we are looking every year in India for the next 3 years. Have I answered that? 
Sreesankar R: 
Yes, that I got it. You answered that to an earlier question. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. And your third question was? 
Sreesankar R: 
What’s the receivables difference between the 2 geographies? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. Receivables, if you look at the geography, there is a big difference 
between how business happens in India and GCC. GCC mainly, it’s an insured 
market. And India is a cash market, no doubt, insurance during the last few 
years has been steadily increasing, more so in the bigger cities. Normally 
speaking, in the GCC, the credit period is anywhere around 90 days. You will 
almost have 90 days receivables showing in the books of sales. So that is on 
the GCC side. 
India side, because in terms of the total credit business, what we do is around 
20% as some of the geographies have got 15% insurance; some bigger cities 
like Bangalore has got 40% insurance. So, the credit business, what we do is 
around 20% of the total sales. And even there, we will have 90 days of 
receivables on the credit sales. And in terms of your first question capital 
employed, in GCC it’s Rs. 6,500 crores and in India, it is Rs. 2,500 crores. 
Sreesankar R: 
Okay. So in receivables, in absolute numbers, can you give me for GCC and 
India? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes, we can give you that. Just give me a minute. I'll come back with that. 
Amitabh Johri: 
The blended receivable days, Sreesankar is 72 as we have reported in our 
consolidated financials. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 24 of 32 
Sreesankar R: 
Right, I got it. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Sreesankar, just give us a couple of minutes. We can give you the exact 
numbers in terms of receivables in the GCC and India. So we will come back 
to it, post the next question. 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sreesankar, before you go off, the GCC is 88 days and the blended is 72, if that 
helps. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
The absolute number in terms of GCC is Rs. 1,880 crores and India is Rs. 140 
crores. 
Sreesankar R: 
Thank you. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Deepak Poddar. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand, 
firstly, the sustainability of the better margins that we have seen in this 
quarter at 17%. And my second query is, I think we currently are at about 
5,000 plus kind of operational bed capacity - at 5,065. So, what was the 
capacity we are looking at by FY23 end? Those are my questions. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Regarding the sustainability from GCC, you want to take it up, Amitabh? 
And from India, I think Sunil can take that. 
Amitabh Johri: 
See, Deepak on the sustainability of margin, we do believe that given the fact, 
on the hospital side, we are seeing better utilization and the ALOS has been 
coming down. We do believe that the margins are sustainable. However, in 
the immediate future, when we talk of Q1 of FY23, we do believe that GCC 
will have some impact of the Eid and Ramadan holidays that pretty much 
impacted most of April and part of May also. However, on the overall year, if 
you look at it from the perspective of clinics, as well as pharmacies, we do 
believe that there will be some impact of PCR on clinics. On pharmacies, we 
have been seeing the footfall increasing and with all the new initiatives we 
are launching, the margins over on a blended basis would be sustainable. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 25 of 32 
Deepak Poddar: 
Blended margin in GCC, right? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yes.  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sunil, you want to talk about India? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes. In India, Deepak, as you know, current year, we are at 15% consolidation 
rate at the India level for the full year. Next year, we're looking at the higher 
teens rate, talking about upwards of 19% at least in the hospitals that is 
excluding the new hospitals, which is coming up. In terms of bed capacity, you 
know that we are already 3,900, and by FY23 end, I think we'll be adding 
another 400 beds. With that, we should be around 4,300-4,400 beds for FY23 
end. And again, this is something which we already started off. This is 
excluding what Chairman called out about the brownfield projects with the 
less capex. If that also come to a picture, the number of beds will be more 
then. 
Deepak Poddar: 
The 3,900 going up to 4,400, right? And this is on an overall basis? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes. I'm talking about only India. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And then on overall basis? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So that is 1,400 from GCC. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. And regarding your comment on margins. So basically, 
India segment can see improvement in margins while the GCC segment, we 
expect the margin to be sustainable. So overall, on an annual basis, you are 
expecting margin to improve on a consol basis? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes. I'd like to come in there. The GCC, like what we said, the clinic margins 
will likely go down because mainly because of the RT-PCR tests, which we will 
not have. So that is something which will bring down the clinics margins. On 
a consolidated basis; India, definitely, the margins will continue to improve. 
Hospital segment and pharmacy segment will maintain the margins. So, we 
should continue to improve our margins from the present levels. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 26 of 32 
Deepak Poddar: 
From present level, we are talking on an annual base or fourth quarter base? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Annual. 
Deepak Poddar: 
That is it from my side. All the very best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Mehul Sheth. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Thank you, sir. First question on the India business side. When we say we are 
seeing improvement in the margins but considering that you will be adding 
new beds as well as there will be spending towards your digital initiative, 
combined with your expansion planning lab as well as in the pharmacy side. 
So do you feel that this will have some breakdown impact at least in near 
term. Can I have your view on this? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Are you talking about the return on capital or on the.. ? 
Mehul Sheth: 
EBITDA margins, operating margins. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. The margins in the hospital is likely to go up because of the improved 
efficiency. The labs, pharmacies and all, which are being rolled out and new 
being added; the margins in those will be less definitely, but that's only a 
minor part of the overall business. So overall margin impact will be much less. 
Sunil, you wanted to add? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes, Chairman, thank you. Mehul, even though we are adding the number of 
beds, you can see that the major projects are going to come in FY25 and FY26. 
At least next year, that is FY23, we're only looking at Whitefield coming 
through and the majority of other assets, whether it's in Karnataka and Kerala 
cluster are above 3 years. So, they can sustain the new losses, which is going 
to come up from the new units and the drag will be very less at the consol 
level and India margins would not be more than 100 basis points. So that is 
why we said that we should be able to have a higher teens EBITDA margin and 
consistent growth, which we can achieve. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 27 of 32 
Mehul Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, one question on your 1,000-bed addition through your O&M 
model, basically asset-light model. Can you provide some timeline of this 
addition as well as your focus region of this for your O&M led model? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. We already have added 140 beds in Kerala, which is the Aster Areekode 
Mother Hospital. We hope that we'll be able to add between 500 to 1,000 
beds in this financial year. Our target is 1,000, but we could be anywhere 
between 500 to 1,000 and the larger part of this is likely to be in Kerala, but 
we also will have in Karnataka as well as in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
We are perfecting that model, but it's already become operational, and we 
hope that we'll be able to have at least 500 beds, if not 1,000 beds during this 
financial year. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Okay, sir. And moving to your GCC pharmacy business, when we said there 
is some benefit of purchasing and all in, which has led to EBITDA 
improvement. So can you break it down like, as I see the sales growth is 
something like 9%, but against with the EBITDA has grown more than 65%. 
Can you quantify some or can you break it down this or can you basically 
bridge the margin expansion? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Amitabh? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Mehul, what typically happens is when we have a full year of a purchase, there 
are certain purchase benefits that get passed on by the OEMs to us through a 
volume commitment. In this particular quarter that has gone by, we have had 
almost Rs. 40-odd crores of purchase benefit, which has come in, which is 
mainly towards the purchases that we have made during the year because of 
post-COVID. If you look at the last financial year of the same period, it was not 
Rs. 40 crores, it was a little less at that point of time. But as you look at a year-
on-year comparison, this benefit will come to us in the year FY23 also because 
it is a part of an annual benefit and thus a part of a sustainable margin on the 
year-on-year basis. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Mehul, just to add one more point. Like what Amitabh, there's obviously been 
a restoration of sales. But again, as far as the breakup is concerned that we 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 28 of 32 
have. I think we had mentioned before also that we were trying to increase 
the ratio of non-pharma business in pharmacy. We used to do 75% of 
medicines and 25% non-pharma which by the year end, has shifted to 70% of 
medicines and 30% of non-pharma. The margins that you get in the non-
pharma is also higher. It's our own products; white label products. So that's 
also one part, which is where we are thinking about sustainably increasing our 
margins and helping us have that margin expansion coming in. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Yes, I would like to add on to what Alisha said. I would request you not to go 
just with quarter 4 margin numbers. It is better to look at the full year margin 
numbers because in the coming years, this could get spread out and as much 
as possible, we are trying to get those benefits as and when it accrues. So, we 
don't want it to go into quarter 4. But generally, what happens because the 
target numbers to come up somewhere in quarter 4. So, quarter 4, the 
benefits, what we get will be significantly higher compared to the other 
quarters. But on the segmental I would request you to look at the full year 
margin numbers for the pharmacies. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Sure, sir. That explains. And sir, last question on your clinics side. It has 
grown around 21% in FY22. But can you give us a growth number? What will 
be the growth? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sorry, I didn't hear that question on what? 
Mehul Sheth: 
Yes, GCC clinic business is up around 21% in FY22. But can you quantify the 
number, excluding your RT-PCR related revenue, what could be the GCC 
clinic growth will be? 
Sreenath Reddy: 
Okay. The thing is that I'll answer it slightly different. The RT-PCR revenues in 
the clinics in GCC for FY22 is around 33%. So that is the RT-PCR revenues that 
we had in the clinics. If you exclude that, in clinics, we are not looking at a 
significant growth. The growth is likely to come in hospitals. Clinics, we don't 
see much of a growth. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 29 of 32 
Amitabh Johri: 
Just to add to what Sreenath has said. When we look at the revenues of clinics, 
at least the PCR revenue, we don't expect that to be there in FY23. But we 
also believe that the secular traffic, what footfalls used to come in clinic, 
which were not happening in FY22 and partly for FY21 because of COVID is 
expected to resume and we expect this business to go back to the levels of 
FY20. 
Sreenath Reddy: 
So, considering our core business will be coming back, at least on the clinic 
side, we will see lower-digit growth or maybe a flattish kind of a growth in the 
clinics. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Mehul, one of the things, which I just wanted to tell you. We found that during 
the COVID time, many of the respiratory infections, pediatric cases, ENT; all 
these were very low, which now has gone back to that level of a normal 
period. There are 2 impacts. One, this had an impact on the clinics because 
the numbers were less in all these areas. 
Second, this also had an impact on the pharmacy revenue because the 
pharmacy usually gets a lot of its volumes and profits from acute care 
medications like antibiotics and all. This was also very low during this period. 
While there was income coming from RT-PCR and all, we were losing this on 
both sides, in pharmacy as well as on the clinic side. It's becoming normal, and 
like a normalized year like FY20 now. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Sure, sir. And one last small data point. In start, you mentioned your budget 
for our digital spending for next 2-3 years, what was that number? Already 
you have spent around Rs. 56 crores and what is overall spending budget for 
you on a digital side? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Amitabh, would you take that? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yes. Mehul, we are looking at a total estimated spend across India and GCC of 
close to Rs. 175 crores, of which Rs. 56 crores has been spent and this also 
includes a bit of a marketing and on other expenses that we will be incurring. 
Because at the end of the day when you are launching a certain product, it is 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 30 of 32 
not only the development, but also the marketing, the organizational 
development and everything else that is there. It spreads across both 
development as well as marketing and the organizational setup. Overall, for 
this initiative, we expect around Rs. 175 crores to be spent. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Thank you. That’s it from my side. All the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Alankar Garude from Kotak Securities. 
Alankar Garude: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, can you help us understand what is 
causing this delay in monetization of Saudi hospital? Because if I remember 
correctly, we had mentioned about completing this deal in a couple of 
months in our Feb con call. So, can you just help us understand what exactly 
is causing the delay? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Alisha, you would like to take or Amitabh? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. Alankar, 2 parts of it. One, April was Ramadan. So, it ended up being 
pretty much a very, very quiet month and then Eid holidays came in. In Saudi, 
pretty much a lot of things closed around Eid and Ramadan. So, things like 
Chairman mentioned, were going a little bit slow. Secondly, there has been 
quite a big turnaround in the Saudi business over the last 6 months. We had 
new business tenders that we have won as well as complete renegotiation 
with most of the insurance companies on 5-year contracts, which has 
happened, which restored the business, and now we have more than double-
digit margins, which has been consistently seen for the last 5 months. We do 
have some more interest from other parties as well to associate. 
Like Chairman mentioned, we had been anyways exploring options of 
extending the pharmacy in Saudi. There has been a lot of people who have 
approached us over the last one year to set up pharmacies and we've been 
looking at the right model between franchise or setting up our own. We have 
had discussions with various parties. So, we have been just sort of looking at 
what is the best option for us to conclude. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 31 of 32 
Like Chairman said, there has been the deal. The due diligence has pretty 
much almost concluded. But since there is a turnaround of the business; do 
we try and revisit the value, or do we try and do a part monetization and go 
on with a new partner to also expand the pharmacy? We do want to look at 
it quite strategically because Saudi is a big market for us. We have been there 
for a while, and we've been seeing that there is a very big difference post-
COVID in that way the reforms have happened within health care, the kind of 
laws that have come in; very attractive towards health care investments, and 
we do not want to take a very rush step when we see a turnaround on the 
business as well. So, we're trying to kind of keep it more measured. We will 
have a stronger update for you by the next quarter. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. My second question is on the GCC restructuring. I think we 
mentioned about giving an update in the next con call, but just wanted to 
check whether the internal Board committee have set any timelines for 
finalizing on this front? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. This is a priority item for the Board, and it's being taken up with the right 
earnest with the frequent meetings of the committee along with the people 
who are in the know of things. But they haven't given any timelines and we 
hope that this will be done at the earliest because this is a top priority for us 
to decide how to go forward. The members are aware about it. But we don't 
want to comment on that. We just want to tell that by next investor call, I 
think we'll have much more clarity on that. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. So basically, to summarize this in terms of timelines between 
sale of Saudi Hospital or maybe not a sale, maybe not an entire sale, maybe 
a partial sale then excluding a partner for pharmacies and labs in Saudi and 
then the GCC restructuring. In your mind as of now, what would be the 
pecking order? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
No, I think, first, it should be the Saudi, which happens. But maybe both are 
simultaneous; both are there. But there is also this question of when we are 
doing a restructuring, then we have to decide, suppose the restructuring 
happens first and then the Saudi sales comes. Then this has to be in separate 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY22 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 32 of 32 
verticals or because if GCC is separate and India separate, this happens in the 
GCC area and so it has to be done by them. So even that is in our mind. And 
we are having this overall thing, the Board Committee, which is formed. Once 
that happens, this will become a little more clearer. Of course, we know that 
there is a value ascribed to that asset and that anyway has to be taken into 
consideration. So overall, without much delay, we hope that both this process 
will have more clarity. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. Thank you and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Since there seem to be no further questions, I would like to thank everyone 
for joining us for the call today. If you have any further queries or questions, 
do feel free to reach to me. Thank you very much and have a great day ahead. 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability 
