 
Classification: Internal Contains PII: No 
 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
The BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001.  
Scrip Code: 543398 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: LATENTVIEW 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   
Transcript of Earnings Call held on May 24, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 24, 
2022, post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2022. The audio recording of the earnings call along with the transcript has been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.latentview.com/investor-
relations/financial-results-reports/ within the prescribed timeline.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 Thanking you, 
 For Latent View Analytics Limited
 
   _________________ 
   P. Srinivasan 
   Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Latent View Analytics Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJAN SETHURAMAN – CEO  
MR. RAJAN VENKATESAN – CFO 
 
MODERATOR :      MS. ASHA GUPTA – EY LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS  

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Latent View Analytics Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from EY LLP Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you Ms. Gupta! 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Margreth. Good evening to all the participants on this call. Before we proceed 
on this call let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward looking statements 
that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. It must be 
viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance, or 
achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward 
looking statements.  
 
It gives me great pleasure to invite all of you to the Q4 and full year FY22 Earnings Call of 
Latent View Analytics Limited. The results and presentation have been mailed to you and 
in case anyone does not have the copy of press release or presentation, please do write to us 
we will be happy to send the same to you.  
 
To take us through the results and to answer your questions today, we have the CEO of the 
company, Mr. Rajan Sethuraman whom we will be referring as Rajan and we also have 
CFO, Rajan Venkatesan whom we will be referring as Raj to avoid any confusion while we 
are transcribing.  
 
We will be starting the call with brief update of the company given by Rajan which will be 
then followed by financials given by Raj. After that we will open the floor for Q&A 
session.  
 
With that, I will now hand over the floor to Rajan. Over to you Sir! 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Thank you Asha and thank you all for joining this earnings call. Since this is only the 
second time that we are doing earnings call post our IPO I did want to take a few minutes to 
provide a bit of an overview about the company, who we are and what we do so that you 
better understand our business and what is the value that we deliver to our clients. I know 
that it might be a bit of a repetition for people who have joined us on the earlier earnings 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
call or might have been part of the investor road shows but I would request your patience 
and bear with us for a few minutes after you see this update. 
 
So, first off, we have been in existence for over 15 years now. We are a pure play data 
analytics company in a sense that we focus only on data and analytics, so unlike other IT 
services organizations that you might be familiar with we do not do any custom 
development or ERP implementation or application maintenance or any other stuff. Our 
remit is just data analytics, but within the data analytics space we are a full spectrum service 
provider, in many engagements we typically start off with what we call as a diagnostic or a 
consulting exercise which is really aimed at helping our clients think through the odds of 
possible and figure out what might be the most impactful initiatives that they can execute 
under the data analytics umbrella and quantify the impact as well as the ease of 
implementation and then help set up a roadmap of initiatives that they should be pursuing. 
About 10%-15% of our work even today is of this nature and one of the things I wanted to 
share is that in the last quarter especially we do see an uptick in client interest in engaging 
us in helping them with thinking through the roadmap of analytics initiatives. 
 
The second part of the work that we do is typically under the data engineering umbrella. 
Once clients identify the set of analytics initiatives more often than not, they find that the 
data that is needed is spread across multiple data ecosystems and silos and we do help 
clients architect design, build the data platforms that are necessary for them to be able to do 
the analytics. This is about 20%-25% of the work that we do today. In many instances 
instead of ripping out and replatforming or replacing existing data ecosystems we typically 
design and architect layers that can sit on top of that and pull all the data so that clients are 
able to do whatever analytics they are interested in doing right using the data and these data 
ecosystems not only pull data from internal sources but also from external sources and 
could include both structured and unstructured data in addition to data around images and 
videos and so on. Once we help with the design and architecting and the build of the data 
platforms the bulk of the work we do the mainstay is really what we call as a lookback and 
lookahead analytics are predictive, prescriptive and diagnostic descriptive analytics. 
Diagnostic descriptive is typically of the lookback variety, answering questions around 
what happened and why did it happen and predictive and prescriptive analytics revolves 
around answering questions on what is going to happen an what should you do about it. 
Most of the work that we do is really working with the business unit heads, the functional 
heads and stakeholders including the Chief Marketing Officer, the Chief Supply Chain 
Officer or the Chief Customer Service Officer and so on and mostly for fortune 500 
companies and we help them tackle fuzzy business problems which could be around 
customer churn, could be around marketing, return on investment or spend optimization, 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
could be around inventory modeling and network planning, could be around employee 
hiring and employee retention or it could be around how can they work with their 
ecosystem of partners and vendors. In many instances these problem statements tend to be 
at a fairly high level and we go in and help diagnose the problem statements and then break 
them down and decompose them into what we call as an issue tree or a hypothesis tree and 
then set up the hypothesis that need to be validated using the data and the analytics that we 
do. So therefore this forms typically a fairly integral component of the business planning 
and execution that our clients need in order to generate the kind of revenues and to gain 
market share to control their costs and whatnot, so that is the nature of the work that we 
typically do and you are all seeing that over the last 12 months especially in the wake of the 
pandemic, most clients and organizations are accelerating their own digital transformation 
initiatives and we see data analytics as a fairly important component of these digital 
transformation initiatives. So overall we are seeing a fairly good uptick in terms of the 
demand for data analytics initiatives, and we are seeing that is playing out really well. 
 
So, if I look at the last year and the last quarter it has been a very strong performance, it has 
been a pretty good demand environment for us. In the last year we have added over a dozen 
accounts many of them fortune 500 companies and we have been engaged across the 
spectrum of work, so customer and marketing analytics still continue to be the bulk of the 
work that we do about 60%-65%, but there is also an uptick in terms of work that we do in 
supply chain, in people and HR analytics and also work that we do in finance, fraud and 
compliance related analytics. We are also seeing that many organizations are looking at data 
analytics initiatives as more mainstream now with initiatives moving away from just being 
fringe initiatives that are being done by a business unit or a functional head to becoming 
more holistic, integrated and central and core to the organization, so this also means that the 
underlying data platforms and the data engineering needs to be upgraded and we are seeing 
a good amount of work happening in that space and we are involved in much of the 
rearchitecting that is required. 
 
Another thing that we are also witnessing is that the problem statements are more sharper 
and they also need the kind of domain intelligence and expertise and that is another area 
that we have been focused on over the last year in terms of building both vertical industry 
functional expertise as well as horizontal domain expertise whether it is customer analytics 
or marketing analytics or population analytics. So what are the investments that we have 
been making over the last year has really been aimed at three things first is the domain 
expertise that I talked about both the vertical and horizontal, the second has been in terms of 
the assets and the accelerators that we need in order to be able to deliver the analytics 
capability and the third has been in terms of the front-end bandwidth that we need in sales 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
and business development so that we are able to articulate the value propositions that we are 
building in these different areas, so overall a very strong year for us and a very strong 
quarter as well in terms of the client logos that we have added, in terms of the caliber of the 
work and the problem statements that we have been going after and in terms of the financial 
results both in revenue as well as in EBITDA terms. I will now hand over the call to Raj to 
take you through a little bit more of the details on the financials. 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
Thank you Rajan. Thank you for that overview. Good evening everyone, we welcome you 
to the second earnings call post our IPO in late November, glad to be connecting with all of 
you.  
 
Like Rajan stated, we have had a very strong quarter again, we are overall happy with the 
performance in the quarter as well as the full fiscal. Just talking about our Q4 financial 
performance we have reported an operating revenue of about Rs. 117.5 Crores or about Rs. 
1,175 million, which on a quarter-on-quarter basis if you compared to the immediately prior 
sequential quarter there was a growth of about 9% and on a year-on-year basis the revenue 
has gone up by about close to about 48%. This was possible because of a fairly strong and 
robust demand that we witnessed across our existing portfolio of accounts where we saw 
increased demand for the services that we provide from our existing client set as well as 
new logos for the full fiscal we have added close to about 18 logos, which further validates 
the strong growth momentum that we are seeing in the market today. 
 
From a profitability standpoint, EBITDA for the quarters stood at about Rs. 35.8 Crores 
growing 11.2% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and about 27% on a year-on-year basis. 
Despite some of the supply side challenges which include availability of talent as well as 
rising hiring cost as well as people cost, we were still able to sustain our EBITDA margins 
at about 30.5% for the quarter, which further validates the strong fiscal discipline that we 
exercise at Latent View. Profit for the quarter stood at about Rs. 35.6 Crores growing at 
about 30.3% quarter-on-quarter adjusted for exceptional items. The Q3 of FY22 had a one-
time benefit of about Rs. 22.6 Crores which was owing to the loan forgiveness in the US 
that we had received and that was booked as a one-time exceptional item adjusted for that 
our profits are still grown on a quarter-on-quarter basis and the profit for Q4 grew by about 
49.6% on a year-on-year basis. The one other aspect that I would also like to highlight 
specifically for this quarter is from a tax standpoint we had a benefit that came in from the 
exercise of ESOP options this is specifically with regard to some of our employees who are 
situated in our US subsidiary and therefore there was a tax benefit that came and that was 
booked in Q4 of FY22 which is quite on a comparable basis our tax expense for the current 
quarter is a little lower. 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Drilling down a little further and looking at some of the verticals that we have CPG and 
retail and technology continue to witness very, very strong growth momentum in FY22 
more specifically CPG and retail if you look at it as a vertical grew by about 113% for the 
full year and technology which is the largest vertical for us contributes close to about 65% 
to 70% of our overall revenues grew by about 30% to 38% in FY22 validating the robust 
growth environment and as well as our strong domain capabilities in these verticals. 
 
Coming to the cost side, the employee cost grew by about 6.6% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis this was driven by variable pay as well as some of the benefits that we had to pay out 
on account of the exercise of ESOP. The other expenses are the SG&A for the quarter stood 
at about Rs. 119.1 million the increase mainly due to higher travel costs as well as some of 
the investments that we are making on the marketing side where we have had higher 
advertising and sales promotion expenses. 
 
Coming to the full year performance, we clocked revenues in excess of Rs. 400 Crores 
which is a record for us this is the first time we are going past the Rs. 400 Crores mark, the 
last quarter we actually recorded revenues in excess of Rs. 100 Crores, which was the first 
time we clocked that number in a particular quarter and we are very happy to announce that 
for the full year we went past the Rs. 400 Crores mark. Our operating revenue for the full 
year stood at Rs. 407.8Crores growing at 33.3% on a year-on-year basis. The EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 122 Crores registering a growth of about 16.5% on a year-on-year basis. This 
again despite two rounds of wage hikes and bonuses that were paid out to all the performers 
in the current year we were still able to maintain a fairly healthy EBITDA margin. EBITDA 
margin for the full year was at about 30% and PBT before exceptional item was at about Rs. 
131.6 Crores at a margin of 30.7%. Our cash and cash equivalents excluding the proceeds 
that we reached from the IPO as of March 31, 2022 stood at Rs. 483 Crores. In terms of the 
overall geography mix the US continues to be our strongest geography contributing to about 
95% of our overall revenues. Having said that some of the investments that Rajan spoke 
about what we are beginning to do and we have already in fact initiated a lot of these 
initiatives. We are building a fairly strong go-to-market team in the European region, which 
is essentially for us it is UK, Germany and Netherlands we are making investments in each 
of these geographies in fact in the just recent quarter we capitalized our UK subsidiary with 
about close about £5 million which we believe will provide the European region with 
sufficient run rate to chase the pockets of growth that we witness over there.  
 
Further we would like to reiterate before we open up for the Q&A that we continue to 
witness excellent momentum in the market, we look forward to enhance our capabilities, we 
continue to invest both in the sales force as well as domain expertise, we will continue to 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
invest for growth in the coming quarters and also pursue inorganic opportunities, we are 
trying to deliver healthy growth in the coming quarters as well. With that I will hand it back 
to the operator and we can open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with a question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong FY22 performance. I have 
three questions, first question is if you can elaborate some of the work which you are doing 
on the predictive and prescriptive analytics side, and how big are the deal sizes here and 
which are the verticals in which you are seeing demand, very strong demand in predictive 
and prescriptive specifically? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Predictive and prescriptive analytics we are seeing across the patch. So we have been doing 
such work with tech companies and digital native companies for quite some time, but we 
are also seeing that in retail and then consumer products, we are seeing it in banking and 
financial services as well. I can give you a few examples of the type of work that we do. So 
for example for one of the large tech companies we have been helping them on their 
collections sites like supporting the analytics that powers the collection efforts, so there the 
analytics work is really around predicting which of the outstanding invoice items require 
the kind of attention and engagement and effort given their triaging and tearing model that 
they have put in place because not all of the outstanding invoices would require the same 
quantum of effort or the type of involvement which outstanding invoices will get collected 
easily versus which other require effort for example is one area where you have been 
supporting them on. For another tech companies that actually sells all of its software 
through a subscription format we have been helping them on understanding customer 
segmentation using again a predictive AI model. Earlier they were doing segmentation on 
the basis of demographics largely, now that most of their software is consumed through an 
add-to-Service model. They now have a plethora of information in terms of the different 
features and functionalities that customers are using and at what occasion are they using and 
what purpose they are using it for. So we have been able to help them redo their entire 
segmentation and then predict the kind of offers and marketing campaigns and discounts 
that will appeal to them given what the nature of their usage of the software is. Likewise in 
the consumer package good for example we have been able to help a lot on the innovation 
side so we are currently engaged with one of the largest FMCG companies and we are 
helping them figure out the trends within the ice cream business that they have in a specific 
market and geography. This is really in terms of flavors, in terms of colors, appeal, in terms 
of ingredients for example right, so this is again using some amount of machine learning 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
and consuming information that is available in the social media that helps understand what 
is trending and therefore what should they be focusing on. We see a fairly strong demand 
for predictive prescriptive analytics across the patch also in industrial area where we are 
working with automotive companies for example we are currently working with iconic 
European automotive company and using geospatial data to again predict the possibility of 
what kind of services can be consumed that might be necessary by the use of all the 
automobiles at various points in time. Overall if I look at predictive prescriptive analytics I 
would say that the value of those engagements they still are smaller in comparison to the 
traditional lookback analytics largely because predictive prescriptive analytics work is still 
in some sense experimentation and it pilots that organizations undertake some of them tend 
to become fairly large initiatives, but if I were to just compare lookback analytics with 
lookahead analytics I would say that lookahead analytics are still typically fixed fee, fixed 
scope engagements smaller in size, but as organizations start getting more comfortable with 
the results of this work and they are able to incorporate them into their day-to-day decision 
making they are expecting that there will be more work which would be of a larger nature 
right that will materialize. 
Karan Uppal: 
But if you can quantify how much is the deal size of lookahead versus lookback or 
relatively if you can give some color that would be very helpful? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Predictive prescriptive was we have seen its range all the way from about $250k all the way 
to even $750kto million in size. Lookback analytics on the other hand which is more around 
the diagnostic perspective and the reporting dashboarding and the storytelling that is 
required typically we set that up in a COE or managed solutions format and there are 
accounts where we are doing a ton of work right multi-million dollars in terms of the total 
quantum of work that we are doing for them, so there is already enough evidence and 
example where the lookback analytics is substantial in nature whereas on the predictive 
prescriptive sites there is still more the fixed fee engagements in the scope that I indicated, 
but we do see that there is an uptick and an uptrend in terms of the size of the predictive 
prescriptive analytics work itself, but it is not at near the levels that we see in the lookback 
analytics. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the elaborate answer. The second question was on margins and this is to Raj, so 
Raj EBITDA margins in FY22 if I look at having a drop of about 400 basis points and pre-
pandemic Latentview reach to operate at around 25% to 26% level so do you think that 
given the current demand environment and also the supply side pressures and overall 
inflation which we are seeing in US will we be able to defend the 30% EBITDA margins 
for next FY23 at least? 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
While we will not give out a specific guidance in terms of what is it that we will be running 
for just as a philosophy and the way we run our business even historically we have always 
tried to grow profitably that is one mantra that we have always stuck to. Having said that we 
are cognizant of the fact that there are ample growth opportunities that are out there what 
we have achieved till now while we have grown to a certain level we crossed the Rs. 400 
Crores mark the opportunity out there is immense and obviously we need to make full 
utilization of the opportunity in hand and therefore we will be making investments both in 
terms of higher marketing spends, improving our visibility out there in the market and as 
well as hiring more frontend sales people who sit in the geographies where our customers 
come from both in the United States as well as in Europe we will continue to make 
significant investments in both people as well as marketing spends the other thing that we 
are also very consciously trying to do is build capabilities around domains where we believe 
there is significant growth potential. CPG, retail and BFSI Rajan spoke about them these are 
verticals that we will continue to invest in terms of bringing on specific domain capabilities 
and therefore we will be in an invest mode in the coming fiscal years. Having said that we 
obviously spend on the right areas, we continue to invest in areas for growth, the intent 
would be to spend money where it would set us up in the right way to sort of grow in the 
coming years, but all in all what I would like to leave you with is while we will continue to 
make these investments we will still aim to deliver healthy margins even in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question I have is around competition so one of your 
competitors has recently raised significant funding from a private equity firm, so just 
wanted to get a sense from you that are you seeing an increased competitive intensity in the 
industry and if you are facing any pricing pressures in the existing contracts as well as the 
new contracts which you would be signing so I wanted to get a sense about this? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
The competition at this time I would say is more for the talent that is available right in the 
market rather than it is reflecting on any kind of pricing pressures, in fact in the last 12 
months as part of not only the renegotiation of contracts that we have with existing 
stakeholders but also the new contractors we have been able to sign up we have been able to 
see a good uptick in the pricing power, this is also because of the fact that we focus on the 
harder to solve fuzzier complex problems like that I talked about so I do not think there is 
any issue on the pricing front at all. Overall while there is competition, I think the pie is also 
expanding it is growing significantly and all of us have our respective niches in which we 
are very strong so we are fairly strong in the technology and the digital native space and we 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
do see a lot of demand for our services in that space. If we look at packaging financial 
services or retail or a CPG of course some of our competitors are a bit more entrenched 
there and there we do have to look at how we can get a share of the expanding pie in those 
markets. So competition is playing out in that perspective. Talent is another story though it 
is fairly difficult to hire lateral talent whether we are talking about delivery or capability 
building or domain expertise so that is an area where one has to really look at how do you 
convince people right to get on board especially given that we are not only competing with 
one another in terms of pure-play analytics, but you are also competing with other larger 
systems integration players who are looking at their analytics practices or general 
multinational companies who are ramping up on their internal analytics capabilities. So 
overall I would say that not much of pricing pressure what we really need to handle is the 
issue on the talent front. One thing that we have been doing on the talent front is to really 
ramp up on our campus hire so as of now we have already made about 250 offers and 
people are starting to join us and we believe that this will help address some of the pressure 
in terms of people that we need for our upcoming engagements. We also instituted a fairly 
robust internal rotation program that will help us have any new engagement at least one 
third of those new roles with people who are tenured so that they are actively and 
proactively looking at whom we release from our internal pools for new engagements while 
maintaining the balance of tenure and experience in existing as well as new engagements. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Second question I had was if you can please elaborate on how easy is it for a pure-play data 
analytics company like you to get more contracts. Contract within the size of maybe say Rs. 
20 to Rs. 40 Crores and do you feel that pure-play analytics companies like you maybe face 
lesser competition in the lower ticket size contracts where may be your bigger competitors 
like say consulting giants like  McKinseythose kind of players might not be focused much 
on and so a related question to this would be then a separate question but related to this, so 
are the margins which you get in those bigger ticket size contracts are those similar to 
maybe the lower ticket size or do you get better margins in the lower ticket size contracts so 
if you can please explain this? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
When I was answering an earlier question there was this nuance between predictive 
prescriptive analytics type of work and lookback on diagnostic descriptive type of work 
right. Some of the more complex projects on the advanced analytics like the lookahead 
sometimes can get us a bigger premium because of the complexity of the modeling task or 
the problem that needs to be solved, but barring that we do see that most of the work that 
we do commands a reasonable premium in the market in terms of the pricing power that we 
have, even on this data engineering front which is where typically you see a lot of low end 
happening not just the lift and shift, the general platform migration type of work since we 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
are focusing more on the architecting and design and build out of the layers that can sit on 
top of it, we are using more of the newer age technologies and tech practices are available 
like a snowflake or a databricks for example we are able to command the kind of premium 
there is enough work that needs to be done here itself so that we do not need to really look 
at the lower end of the work just in terms of pure migration or lift and shift type of work, so 
we are currently focused more on the higher value end of the spectrum and so therefore we 
are not seeing too much of a difference between the spectrum of work that we do itself. 
Now having said this I think whether this would sustain and how it will work out we will 
have to look at how quickly and how soon larger organizations will ramp up on their data 
analytics initiatives and how much of that will need a more robust core and a more 
integrated and a holistic approach. As long as initiatives are done more by the business units 
and by particular functions of owners using just the data that they have they will have a 
certain size and they will have a certain kind of specification. However, we do see that 
many organizations are taking that more integrated approach. So, in some sense it is like the 
evolution that happened the several years back between custom development and ERP 
implementation. So, we are starting to witness that especially have organizations 
accelerated their digital transformation initiatives. So, we are expecting therefore there will 
be more complex work which is also larger in size. The holistic integrated approach brings 
its own challenges, and one gets the opportunity to really architect those larger complex 
platforms, but also use data in a much more sophisticated fashion so therefore we believe 
that there will continue to be a high value end of the spectrum where we can play and that is 
what we are orienting ourselves towards. The other point is that as long as if it is only skills 
and capability play then you attract a certain kind of pricing power, but if we take well 
crafted value propositions into the market at the intersection of a vertical and horizontal 
area so for example the shore sales optimization for retail company or inventory 
management for CPG company if you take a very specific revenue growth management 
there are very specific areas where one can define a value proposition and the analytics 
approach needed to tackle that and if we are able to take those value propositions into the 
market we see that it opens more doors and it also commands the kind of premium that we 
are getting now. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Thanks for the elaborate answer I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir could you give the revenue breakup of business analytics, 
consulting, data engineering and digital solution? 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
For us the consulting revenue is roughly about 12%-13%, data engineering will be about 
25% of the revenue, the balance will be all the business analytics which is the diagnostic 
and prescriptive as well as the predictive and prescriptive so that will be about 60% I would 
say about 40% in total is the diagnostic prescriptive variety and 20% in total is a predictive 
prescriptive variety. Our digital solutions are not priced and sold separately we typically 
embed them into the performance of our work whether it is data engineering or whether it is 
some amount of diagnostic work which is used in consulting or whether it is in the delivery 
of the diagnostic and the prescriptive type of analytics, so we do not look at that separately 
the solutions are embedded where appropriate right in providing the rest of the services that 
I talked about. 
Akshay Kothari: 
My understanding about the business is preliminary so you did mention about the 
employees which play a lot of role and hiring which is being done so I just had a couple of 
questions like what would be our attrition rate and how much of our what we can say work 
is dependent on employees so regarding that can you elaborate? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
We are largely still consulting and services organization, so much of the work that we do is 
predicated on the people and the effort our people expect on the different engagements. 
Having said that there are multiple assets that we have created assets and accelerators that 
we have created over the 15 years of our existence that allow us to really create some 
nonlinearity in terms of effort versus revenue, so in many of the work engagement that we 
do not know whether it was around customer analytics or marketing analytics or even 
people analytics we would have done pieces of work several times over right with different 
accounts and therefore we have been able to abstract them and then encapsulate them, it 
acts as an accelerator that provide us that nonlinearity so that is something that kicks in it is 
not exact direct correlation between the number of people and the effort that we spend 
versus the revenue that we create, but at the heart of it, we are still a consulting and services 
business we do not have products that are creating nonlinearity from a revenue perspective. 
Now going back to your original question on attrition, attrition was quite high in the last 
fiscal I would say that attrition had started trending up even from the fourth quarter of FY21 
and then it kind of continued to be fairly high in the first three quarters of the fiscal year that 
ended, we used to operate in 25%-26% earlier but it went up significantly in comparison to 
that number crossed the 30% mark during the period but Q4 has been okay in comparison to 
the previous three quarters and Q1 this year we are again continuing to see the trend coming 
down so we are kind of back to what it used to be in earlier times 24% or so 24%-25%. 
Akshay Kothari: 
What would be our total number of employees? 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
So as of March 31, 2022 we were at 860 people, we have been making additions but I 
cannot share that number right now because it will be next quarter’s numbers. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Outside India lastly? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Out of the 860 approximately 120 people or so would be outside India. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay thanks a lot Sir all the best and I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from Chanakya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank a lot for the opportunity and congrats on the results. Basically in the previous concall 
you spoke a little bit about the smart insights pool and platform that you were developing if 
you could provide me further information on what is the work we are going or ahead with 
on the product and platforms please and any significant wins or traction that you are seeing 
on the same? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Smart insights is really our AI platform that we have built for trends 40 essentially it is a 
platform that is able to ingest vast amounts of data from multiple sources of information 
could be social media sites, could be other blogs, it could be websites, basically we can 
point it that any public source of information and we can ingest data either through APIs or 
handles provided or even through web scripting and that is the capability that it has at the 
front and in terms of ingesting data and then once the data is in we use the artificial 
intelligence and machine learning algorithms that were built into the pool to be able to 
identify, discern, quantify and qualify the trends that are emerging in that space. So we had 
initially built it to identify trends for a beauty and cosmetics manufacturer and the intention 
was to identify trends before they became substantially large and can they spot a trend 
before it becomes large so that they can build an innovation or a product to capitalize on the 
trend. So that was the original intention of what we built and then after that we have been 
able to refine it over the course of several other engagements and now that product is 
capable of it is a solution I would not call it a product that solution is now capable of 
actually being pointed at any particular domain and then we have this data about that 
domain and then identify the trends and the quantification, qualification, how long will it 
take for the trend to pan out for it to become big who are the main influencers and the 
categorization of the trends set into multiple categories from functional, technical, it could 
be even things like governance for example, there are trends related to where is it 
manufactured, labor conditions, all of these things can be identified. So that is the platform 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
that we have developed. I mentioned in a response to an earlier question that they currently 
engage with the large FMCG company they are helping them identify trends in the food 
ingredient space so that is a project that is ongoing at this point in time. We continue to 
refine that based on new product market combinations so every new category as we call it 
right category market combination is something that we have to train the data and we have 
to build the model so that we are able to provide the kind of trend related quantification 
right of the client so it keeps expanding with every new engagement. We are using it as a 
conversation starter in many instances. Selling it as a full solution on a leave behind basis I 
would say that we are still a little behind on that curve but what it is helping as 
organizations that kick start their business transformation initiatives post the pandemic is 
that it is a very, very interesting conversation starter for us just the whole trend spotting area 
itself something that is fairly hard. We are looking at taking it into newer areas for example 
one of the things that we are doing with the subscription commerce value proposition is to 
help OTT platforms and content generators to figure out which content is resonating with 
which kind of audience so we are currently working with one of the tech companies, which 
has a short format video offering right on their platform and we are helping them with 
analytics from which customers are interested what kind of content, so again that is the 
place where the algorithms and the AI model that we have built as part of SmartInsights, so 
sometimes we use it as conversation starters but in many instances we have been able to 
take the components that we have built there and embed them into the engagement that we 
are delivering. 
Chintan Shah: 
Alright thanks a lot for the elaborate answer and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Thanks again for giving me an opportunity. Now the next set of questions which I have, just 
wanted to know how have the top five clients for you grown in last few years and a related 
question is what kind of churn have you historically seen in the top five clients? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
So the top five clients for us we have an average relationship tenure in excess of five years 
for all the top five clients in fact in terms of their overall contribution to revenue we have 
seen steady and significant growth in all our top five accounts in the current fiscal compared 
to the last year, in terms of the overall contribution itself you would see if you will take a 
look at the investor presentation that we put out our top five clients contribute in excess of 
board for the current year they have contributed close to about 59% of our overall revenues 
and for the immediately preceding fiscal year their contribution to total revenue is close to 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
about 52% so you will notice that there is a healthy and a significant growth that we have 
witnessed in each of these accounts and these are long-term sticky relationships that we 
have, in each of these accounts we interact and provide services to multiple stakeholders 
and therefore it is not just one group that we work with, for instance our second largest 
account for instance that we have today apart from doing work in the United States very, 
very recently we have had conversations with them to deliver work for them in Singapore as 
well as UK where the stakeholders are completely different so therefore while from a 
concentration standpoint these are relationships that contribute a significant amount to our 
overall revenue pie we have relationships with multiple stakeholders which in the long run 
to be a very sticky factor for us. 
Deep Gandhi: 
If you can give a sense what kind of churn rates have you seen historically in these top five 
clients? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
So for the top five like I said these are all sticky, the current set of top five clients that we 
have we have sticky relationships and we have had relationships in excess of five years, in 
the past and this I am talking about 2016 and 2017 one of our largest accounts at that point 
in time decided to take the entire analytics capability in-house and therefore we did witness 
some amount of that work ramping down over time of course that this particular client still 
continues to be an existing account in fact even in the last year we clocked some revenues 
from this particular account, but this was a fairly significant relationship that we had in 
2016 which went down or ramp down over time, apart from that we have really not 
witnessed any significant churn at least in our top client relationships. 
Deep Gandhi: 
So the next question I have was if you can give a number that in your total clients how 
many of those are active fortune 500 clients? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
In the current fiscal the total active fortune 500 clients will be close to about 30 odd clients. 
Deep Gandhi: 
How has this number changed over the last maybe 2-3 years? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
It has actually grown at a steady pace we were at about 25 odd customers a couple of years 
back and that number has grown to 30. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Last question I had was in FY22 you have mentioned that 95% of your revenue is from 
clients based out of US so if you can clarify that are these clients stationed out of US and 
that value segmenting the revenue or this 95% of revenue is specifically coming from US 
geography? 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
I am not sure we understood the question correctly can you repeat that please. 
Deep Gandhi: 
I wanted to understand that in this 95% of the revenue which comes from US so is it 
coming only from USA that is from USA country or is it that these are the clients who have 
their headquarters in US and you would be getting the revenue from various geographies 
but because they have their headquarters in US you are segmenting as revenues based out of 
US clients so wanted to understand that? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
It is a former what you said first they are actually clients located the stakeholders are 
located in the US the relationship is for the stakeholder in the US and typically we are doing 
work for that stakeholder; however, it is possible that, that stakeholder might have a global 
remit meaning that analytics that they are doing might be supporting other geographies as 
well, but the primary stakeholder relationship and the team that we are working with will be 
in the US. There are a few instances where some of the clients that we work with they have 
geographically dispersed team in which case we have engaged with stakeholders in the 
respective geographies. So we currently have at least two, three accounts where the primary 
relationship is in the US but they have their analytics team sitting in Europe or in Singapore 
for example and when that happens then we will engage with the stakeholders in that 
geography as well typically when we do that we classify the revenue into that geography 
based on where the stakeholder relationship is with us. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Thanks a lot for answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks a lot for the followup. Just wanted to get a sense in terms of the captives, so in your 
experience do you think that now data analytics is getting outsourced more as compared to 
few years back, the reason to ask this question is maybe because of the clients may consider 
this to be the core work and they do not want to share the data with service providers or 
they do not want to work with it what is your experience on that, any color would be very 
helpful? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
I will answer that question in two parts in terms of core, non-core and the philosophy of the 
organizations that we work with. We have seen all kinds of models and one kind of model 
as you say core will be retained by internal teams and non-core or what they call peripheral 
or enablement type of areas is where they engage with an outsourced service partner. There 
are models where both core and non-core they are happy to do that and then there are of 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
course other models where they would like to do everything internally and then they want 
to work with a partner only from a capacity augmentation perspective where they still retain 
control and they retain their governance requirements on the engagement. So we see all 
kind of model just as an example I mentioned the tech company that we work with I gave 
the example earlier of how for one of the largest tech companies in the world we are 
powering the analytics behind their short format video offering that they have on their 
platform so we do that, that is a very core work, similarly for the same tech company we 
have been powering the analytics around their shopping channel or around their payment 
functionality for example. We also support them on non-core like collections for example 
so it is a kind of a mixed bag that we see. It more depends on the philosophy of a particular 
client rather than that everybody outsources non-core and keeps core areas internally. Since 
this is a question that is typically asked of us I will go on to say that for tech companies and 
for the hardcore techies who work in those companies inventing the next algorithm is a 
more interesting and important thing as opposed to applying analytics to the marketing 
function or the customer segmentation function, the techies will see these as non-core right 
in some sense even though marketing or customer segmentation or publishing will be very 
core and important to the business system, so it is just a question of how do you define a 
core and non-core and from whose perspective like you are looking at it. In terms of trend 
we see that organizations are ECCs in particular we see that there is a general uptick in 
digital transformation initiatives and there are two issues that typically they will have to 
face and handle one is whether they have the capability itself and sometimes some of the 
newer digital initiatives tend to be more complex and challenging requiring a certain 
amount of depth of expertise in new areas and capitals may not be able to easily ramp up 
right for such channels so that is one deficiency sometimes that they have to face. The other 
one is just simple capacity available, many organizations are very rapidly accelerating their 
transformation initiatives and if they suddenly need to do 10 initiatives whereas earlier they 
were doing only three or four they just would not be able to wrap up quickly and then in 
those instances we do see being either in the form of capacity augmentation or even entire 
projects or initiatives being picked up and handed over to an outsourced partner so we are 
seeing both of those models. In the recent past I would say that there is a general uptick in 
terms of demand everywhere because of most organizations coming out of the shell and 
then starting to do more area of data analysis. 
Karan Uppal: 
That is really helpful. The second question was on the M&A so right now we are sitting on 
a healthy cash balance somewhere around Rs. 900 Crores so are you considering any 
significant M&A in FY23 maybe to diversify geographically or vertically? 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
As far as inorganic is concerned that is a clearly stated object for us, also in fact one of the 
stated objects in the IPO itself was to pursue inorganic opportunities. Well the company 
today at this point in time has a very clearly well articulated M&A criteria which we use to 
filter the sort of targets that we want to. At this point in time we have actually done a fairly 
active screening of all the opportunities that are out there and we are in fairly advanced 
conversations with a few candidates. Of course the timing of closure as well as the certainty 
of closure it all depends on multiple factors including strategic equipment, how does this 
business culturally aligned with the latent view culture at this point in time, so those are all 
aspects that we will consider carefully before we make any investment decision, but in 
terms of the effort as well as the pursuit of inorganic opportunities there is a lot of work that 
is happening within the system today. We are hopeful that in the coming quarters we should 
be able to identify, narrow down on interesting targets as well as hopefully we should be 
able to make an M&A investment in the coming quarters. 
Karan Uppal: 
Last is a bookkeeping question, if you can help us with the onsite offshore ratio utilization 
level and the hiring target for FY23? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
So the onsite offshore ratio for the current fiscal was close to about 1:5.8 or close to about 
1:6 that is the ratio that we are currently working with. The utilization itself I do not want to 
put out a number there because unlike a traditional IT services company we like to position 
ourselves more as a premium consulting partner and therefore this business by itself 
typically needs a certain level of buffer that you need to carry and this is more for the 
people to ideate and build value props and therefore the business today needs a certain level 
of buffer when I say buffer this is a level of resources that we need to carry at any point in 
time and that in any particular quarter would range anywhere between 15% to 20%, but we 
do not want to call it utilization instead what we want to call it as the buffer that we would 
like to carry at any point in time for us to be able to position ourselves as a premium 
consulting partner. On the hiring target itself we do not want to give out a target at this 
point in time, but like Rajan mentioned we are actively going to campuses, a bulk of our 
hiring requirement for the next year will come through campus hiring, in fact a lot of the 
new joinees will be coming onboard, some of them have already joined us in May and a big 
chunk of them will join us in June, so when we give you our Q1 update you will see what is 
the sort of uptick that is there in the headcount. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks a lot for answering all my questions and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital 
Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Akshay Kothari: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Just two quick questions one is do we have something to 
do with elections or we do not do anything to do with elections? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Sorry was it elections? 
Akshay Kothari: 
Yes, elections. 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
No we have done nothing on elections so far. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay that is great and I assume that the top three consulting firms and they would be having 
their own consulting department as such, but there are a lot of opportunities wherein small 
consulting firms they do not have these sort of analytics software developed in-house and 
also since I am from a CA background so there is a lot of need for analytics in audit as well 
so how do you see this opportunity panning up and are we supplying anything to them? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
It is a very interesting question because this came up in two discussions that we have had 
over the last couple of days. Yesterday internally when we were debating on the strategy we 
saw that finance risk regulatory compliance is an area which could actually do with a lot of 
analytics help, basically the CFO organization like the risk and compliance officer that is an 
area that should actually need a lot of help and support and today when we were doing our 
Board meeting and our auditors were presenting they actually showcased some data 
analytics and algorithms that they use so it is a very interesting space I think it is only 
probably I am sure that it is underpenetrated as we talk about, there can be a lot more 
sophistication in the use of data and analytics to guide and actually make audits and 
accounting risks and regulatory and compliance all more impactful. We have been working 
with some of the Fintech companies in this space out of the US and we see that this coupled 
with data governance and other kind of data lineage capabilities could be very, very 
important and interesting just to establish and help with all of those areas that we talk about. 
So this is an area that we will be looking at in a more closer fashion. Till now what we have 
been doing is more in the nature of consulting services for the clients that have come to us. 
Whether we can look at partnering with audit accounting firms and other firms engaged in 
the business of risk and regulatory and compliance and provide an analytics backbone or a 
platform is something that we can evaluate in the coming quarters. 
Akshay Kothari: 
That is great Sir. That is it from my side and thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
Latent View Analytics Limited 
May 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Thank you. So thank you all for joining this second earnings call that we have done since 
we are going public. We are fairly excited about the year that has gone by, but we are even 
more excited by what lays ahead of us. While there is some amount of concern that has 
been talked about in recent times because of the inflation and the possibility of some 
slowdown in the US right now where we said we are not seeing any headwinds that clients 
are talking about, retail is one area where the results that have come out recently by target 
for example is resulting in a little bit of question around whether organizations should be 
able to sustain the pace at which they were planning to invest on data analytics in the past, 
but that of course we are not hearing any other concerns at this time. We do believe that the 
next one, two quarters will be important for clients to hold out and continue to spend and 
make investments in the area of data analytics. As always our data analytics is an area 
which can help with revenue enhancement measures as well and not just around the cost 
containment or optimization it is more an effectiveness play as opposed to an efficiency 
play and that is what I tell our teams internally as well as clients are interactive. So we 
believe that given the refocus that most organizations have in terms of revenue 
enhancement they will continue to use the power of data analytics for several of these 
initiatives. We see good momentum in the number of conversations and in line with that we 
have been and we will continue to make the investments into the front end, into the 
capability building, into the assets and the accelerators that we are putting in place and also 
in terms of the geographic expansion into the European market, so these are all areas that 
we have focused on fairly aggressively at this point in time and we believe that these 
investments will start panning out in the coming quarters. With that we will close this call. 
Thank you again for joining in and then we hope to connect with you again in the coming 
quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Latent View Analytics Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect your lines. 
