 
 
         May 30, 2022 
 
BSE Ltd. 
P J Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort Mumbai – 
400001 
Scrip Code: 543272 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE). Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: EASEMYTRIP 
 
             
               
                 Sub: Transcript - Investor Call 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
Please find enclosed the transcript of the investor call conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors on 
Thursday, 26th May, 2022, with regard to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended 31st March, 2022. The audio recordings of the said investor call are also made available on the 
Company’s website at www.easemytrip.com.  
Please take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
 
 
For Easy Trip Planners Limited 
 
      Priyanka Tiwari 
      Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer  
      Membership No.: A50412 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited 
Registered Office :BuildingNo 223, Patparganj Industrial Area, Patparganj, New Delhi, Delhi 110092 
Phone :+91 - 11 - 43030303, 43131313 E-mail : support@easemytrip.comWeb : www.EaseMyTrip.com| CIN No. L63090DL2008PLC179041 
 
IRCTC 
 
 

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“EaseMyTrip Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT PITTI - CO-FOUNDER AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – EASEMY TRIP LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH BANSAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - EASEMY 
TRIP LIMITED 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to EaseMyTrip Limited Q4 FY2022 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan 
Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you Lizaan. Good afternoon everyone. Myself, Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital, we are an 
Investor Relation Advisor to the company. I hope that all of you and your families are safe and 
healthy. On behalf of EaseMyTrip Limited, I extend a warm welcome to all participants on Q4 
FY2022 financial results discussion call. Today on the call I am joined by Mr. Prashant Pitti, Co-
founder and Executive Director and Mr. Ashish Bansal, Chief Financial Officer and I hope everyone 
had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we have uploaded on 
exchange and on company’s website. 
Before we begin with the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
our forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not guarantee of our future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Prashant Pitti Sir. Over to 
you Sir! Thank you. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Thank you. Hello and good afternoon everyone. Today on the call, I am joined by Mr. Ashish Bansal 
who is the Chief Financial Officer of the company and also the Orient Capital as you know our 
Investor Relationship Partners. 
This year 2022 was remarkable year for OTA industry and for (inaudible) 02:02 market. OTA 
platforms have gained popularity and acceptance driven by the rapid spread of Internet services, 
Smartphone usage and by providing one stop shop for travel related bookings at competitive price 
points. The online penetration defined as a share of booking done through online captive websites for 
this service provided or the OTA. The Indian travel industry accounted for 56% to 58% for FY2020. 
Further it is expected that the share of online penetration of Indian travel industry is expected to 
increase to 67% to 68% in FY2023 supported by the growth in online transaction. In the online 
segment, OTA have a significant share in air ticketing as compared with captive websites of the 
airline. The distinct advantage offered by OTA over captive website is that they allow multi-airline 
itinerary. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
OTAs are also in position to offer relatively higher discount than captive sites. Over the past 13 years, 
EaseMyTrip has taken pride in being customer centric company and focused on efficiently catering to 
the rising needs of consumers and offering wide range of value added services attractive that is 
remained unhampered during the course of pandemic as well. EaseMyTrip  became  
one of the 
fastest growing OTA and has invested in technology to become more user friendly which helped us 
gain customer loyalty. Tie-ups with various banks and payment channels had ensured competitive 
pricing across the segments. 
Going forward, the industry is expected to gain further transaction on online booking across the 
various segments. The CRISIL research estimate that the OTA industry would grow at the pace of 
CAGR of 9% to 11% to reach $130 billion to $150 billion by the financial year of 2025 driven by the 
changing consumer preference and technological advancement also. 
Also the Government of India will likely to have between 190 and 200 operational airports by 2040, 
nearly two times of the current level. In addition, the International Airport will also double from 34 in 
2018 to 70 by 2040. The commercial fleet is expected to go up from 695 aircrafts in 2020 to 1200, by 
2027 based on pending delivery and it may touch to 2539 aircrafts by 2040. 
India has among the largest pending delivery at to close over 585 aircrafts. Moreover measures 
related to the privatization of airports and allowing 100%  FDI in, Airport Infrastructure should help 
in driving the expansion. keeping the various emerging opportunities in mind, we continue to the 
efforts of global expansion, the company has successfully established its corporate office in Dubai 
and build further look in opening corporate offices in UK and U.S. market. 
In addition, the company will also look to develop a fintech arm to provide customers with buy now 
pay later option. The company has well positioned itself to capitalize the rising opportunities in such 
as increasing air connectivity to Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities  in fairly competitive prices particularly 
offered by low cost carrier prompted Indian consumers to consider all travel as the viable  option 
along with business and leasure, travels to continue, which also helps positive effect of online 
booking and  further  facilitated  the customers which have participated. 
We have partnered with Spicejet for newly launched holiday vertical of Spicejet for holiday booking 
and also to increase our offering. We have partnered with the various insurance companies to provide 
extra protection to our consumer. Despite the challenges  faced by the third wave of pandemic and 
restrictions imposed in various countries in the month of January and February 2022, EaseMyTrip 
continued to deliver robust annual  growth in one of the most disrupted periods for travel and tourism 
industry. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
This was possible due to focused capital like low-cost low fill approach that sets us apart amongst the 
other OTA. In terms of profitability and cash flow and remarkably similar to the low fill airline in 
India. We will continue to tap the growth opportunities not just in air segment but non-air segment as 
well where we have made slew of acquisition announcements in FY2022. EaseMyTrip is focused on 
expanding its portfolio into high margin hotel and holiday package segment. 
The company continues to follow an asset like model by entering into agreement with Hotel API 
providers rather than assuming any inventory risk on its book. Further with the help of data collected 
the company stands with position to leverage suitable cross training opportunities. The company has 
higher number of hotel listing that compared to the market leaders. After establishing a key put hold 
in air ticketing industry EaseMyTrip focused on expanding in non-vertical this year. 
The company strategically gained non-inorganic growth by acquiring innovative companies across 
various diverse travel segments and evolving into complete travel ecosystem. EaseMyTrip is well on 
this track to fill the basket from the emerging trends that is increasing the number of airlines and 
airports in India, number 2 market share gains from other OTA, number 3 revenues from nascent 
international operation and number 4 which is expansion of hotels and tour booking, as a result 
EaseMyTrip is set to continue its dream run of delivering consistent profit by supporting the revival 
of carbon ecosystem. 
With the new avenues of growth from non-air segment and company’s continued to focus on financial 
and operational efficiency, the company will focus on continuing to generate long-term sustainable 
values for customers, partners and investors. 
Now let me speak about our performance and highlights for the quarter and the year of FY2022. We 
had remarkable year of FY2022 with the profit up by 72.2% to 105.7 Crores as against to the net 
profit of 61.4 Crores in the corresponding year. Further FY2022 gross booking revenues stood at 
37015 Crores, which was again up by 74.6% on year-on-year basis, generating strong and sustainable 
growth to its various stakeholders. Consistent annual performance across business continues to gain 
market share based on increased margins and commissions and enhance operational efficiencies 
which enabled us to perform exceptionally well on all fronts. 
In year FY2022 our air segment grew by 57% and 13% in Q4 of FY2022. We have been able to sell 
70.85 lakh air segments in FY2022. We have witnessed strong demand and with our constant 
customer engagement, customer acquisition and marketing initiatives, we have been able to inch up 
our market share in air segment considerably. 
Our hotel line has seen a jump of 136% to 1.3 lakh in FY2022 as compared to 55000 in FY2021. We 
have achieved the new height in our overnight booking in FY2022 and are confident of future growth 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
in this segment. With other competitive pricing, wide offering across hotels and continued value 
accelerated acquisition. 
In train, bus others  clubbed together we grew by 157% in FY2022 and 59% of Q4 of FY2022. Given 
the recovery of travel tourism has enabled high growth in booking trains and bus segment. Our 
adjusted revenue for FY2022 was 400 Crores, which was up by 102%, year-on-year basis and 98.4 
Crores against 100.1 Crores for Q1 of FY2021. 
EBITDA for FY2022 stood at 146.8 Crores as compared to 87.5 Crores for FY2021, which was again 
up by 67.7% year-on-year basis. Profit after tax for FY2022 stood at 105.7 Crores as compared to 
61.4 Crores for FY2021 which was again up by 72.2% and for quarter of FY2022 despite Omicron 
base infected quarter it stood at 23.2 Crores as compared to 30.5 Crores for Q4 of FY2021. 
With this I will open the floor for discussion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Pravin from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Pravin: 
My first question is related to the GBR of booking revenue so if I look at on the sequential basis, I can 
understand because of Omicron the first half of the quarter impacted but it is down the line as well as 
I can see that your net revenue percentage of GBR the percentage terms has also gone down so can 
you give us some color what called apart from the omicron has these numbers? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Absolutely see Pravin if you look at it, if you see that our discounts, the discounts counts which we 
gave for this particular quarter must have also gone down and our gross margin consist of revenue 
from operations and discounts so by nature the discount went up that is why you are able to see gross 
margins also go down a bit but another important point to note is that as we reduce the discounts all 
you are aware of that in the cases when people avail discount, we charge convenience fees as well., so 
in this quarter there were no discounts given and hence less convenience fees was collected from 
consumers which basically accounted for having a slightly lower margin also because of COVID 
wave-3 which was completely unexpected we met our targets and because there were some reduction 
in gross commission. 
Pravin: 
Basically there is reduction in the discount and that is why the numbers were on lower side, so the 
way can you give us something like net revenue, just a question on that that as net revenue after even 
discount how much of the commission margin we can look forward to the way ahead? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Airlines are actually more aggressive in selling and offering target based commission and we set up 
our target likely higher for the quarter not anticipating COVID wave three to come and that is why, I 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
might have missed some target and because of which overall there was reduction of around 1.2% but 
the current quarter is going extremely strong and we look forward to meeting our targets. 
Pravin: 
It is nothing to do with the higher share in the market like margin to revenue as a percentage of GBR 
to go down? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Targets are on the basis of volume not on the basis of revenues. 
Pravin: 
Can you talk more on the market share on QoQ basis, is that moving or we are gaining or you are 
losing? How is the market share in the air travel going for you? 
Prashant Pitti: 
We believe that the market share is only rising up for us since last four years and the trend continues. 
If you see the GBR despite the pandemic, did not fall dramatically from 1293 Crores for the last 
quarter, it came to about 1170 Crores so that should give you confidence that the booking are going in 
the right direction so other overall market share should be north 10% for the overall and for the online 
market should be north of 20%. 
Pravin: 
Also is it possible to share the newly acquired entities any number like Traviate or Spree Hotel how 
much of the sales generated or margin? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So basically Traviate deal is not completed. Spree and Yolo we have successfully acquired these 
companies and I think for Yolo the numbers started coming from March onwards and for Spree 
probably from January onwards so both the companies are looking very strong and we are looking 
forward to grow along with them. I would not be able to get any number specifically, for Spree it 
started from December last year. Am I correct Ashish Ji? I remember Spree started from December 
last year started and Yolo started from March this year. 
Pravin: 
I can see that your hotel contribution is continuously from three quarters going down. I can see that 
Sir hotel like apart from the air ticketing, hotel numbers is continuously on the downtrend from the 
three quarters? 
Prashant Pitti: 
This particular quarter number went down primarily for the entire industry because of the Omicron 
which happened so this quarter you will have to just take blip into time at the moment. We are 
extremely bullish about our hotel segment and the way we are running our hotel business. If you keep 
on compared to the last year we have gone up by 136% so for this particular quarter because of the 
Omicron, you will have to excuse but otherwise we feel very comfortable with other hotel product. 
Pravin: 
Thank you for taking my questions. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Jins Varghese from 
Earthwise India. Please go ahead. 
Jins Varghese: 
What is the outlook for your hotel segment how much percentage of revenue we can capture by 
FY2025? Just want to know your outlook on hotel segment I mean how much percentage it can 
capture as percentage of revenue by FY2025? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Basically I can tell you the efforts which we are taking to grow our hotel segment. We want to 
basically introduce our hotel APIs to the B2B travel agent network as well and also the corporate that 
is new initiative which we are taking and with the acquisition of Spree, we can also strengthen our 
hotel product and offer the consumers who are flying Spree room night along the flight we are really 
focused on adding more avenues and adding more hotels, adding more consolidated so that our price 
go down and our consumer experience becomes better from last year we have grown by 136%. We 
look forward to have growth at least in double digits if not triple digits for the next couple of years. 
Jins Varghese: 
Okay so that will obviously continue to improve my consolidated EBITDA margin going forward? 
Prashant Pitti: 
That is correct. 
Jins Varghese: 
Okay and when you say that OTA can offer better discounts here than captive why is that so? 
Prashant Pitti: 
As in OTA we tie up with bank, we tie up with credit card companies to offer them additional set of 
customers not just for flights but for hotels, for banks, for buses for trains and that is why some 
portion of discounts are sponsored by the banks and the credit card company and also digital payment 
company for that matter so as you noticed, we are in better position to negotiate with these banks 
digitall payment because we are searching for more than one product to the consumer. 
Jins Varghese: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaidik Bafna from Monarch Networth Capital 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
I had a question regarding your employee cost, which I can see that it has increased in this quarter I 
can see that in the last quarter also it has increased from 6.9 Crores to 9.3 Crores and Y-o-Y also like 
around 55% so was the major reason behind this? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The major reason behind it is the addition of new employees which had come from our acquired 
subsidiary and also because of the increments which we got our increment cycle works on December 
so in December we give increments and that is why in January you were able to see impact of it so the 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
increment which company cycle runs in December month also primarily the reason was basically the 
acquisition of new subsidiaries. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
I have next question I can see that your debt has also increased, so why is that? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Our credit payables also increase because our receivables also are increasing during the year and it 
was mainly  related to the commissions which we receive from the vendors, as we have grows our 
commission also grows, at the same time there is some growth in B2B and corporate business also so 
that is how there is an increase in trade receivables. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from McPro. Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
My question is, you mentioned about discount, but suppose if I exclude the discount both from the 
revenue and the cost line and try to compute realized revenue on GBR that also shows a significant 
sequential decline so what extends that? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The decline is off around what 1.5% Madhu if you look at it, as a percentage if you look at it the 
decline is 1.5%. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
6.7% to 5.2%? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Correct. It is 1.5% and the reason of this is twofold, one is since we gave lesser discounts, we have 
received lesser convenience fee. I hope you get the point so the kind of beat on the convenience fees 
provision for which if he had given more discounts, the convenience fee also will come along with  
that so that is number one and number two as I said because of this abrupt third wave of COVID 
which was not anticipated, we missed some of the targets because of which we got lesser 
commissions from here if the target based reduction. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
So the first point is lesser since you had been lesser discounts, you got lesser convenience fee. Is it a 
missed business opportunity or what is it exactly? 
Prashant Pitti: 
 At EaseMyTrip we have been following this policy since year 2016 where you do not have to pay 
convenience fee, if you are not using any discount coupon but if you are using discount coupon we 
charge  convenience fee. Now what happens in our cases like most of the time half the money is 
sponsored by the bank or payment gateways or by the credit card companies and half the money 
sponsored by us so let us say if there is discount of Rs.500, which is offered to consumer Rs.250 
comes from us and Rs.250 comes from the bank; however, in lieu of using a discount coupon, we 
charge consumers Rs.270 as convenience fee. So net-net it really does not affect EaseMyTrip if you 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
give more discounts but this time since the discounts were given less the convenience fee, which  
EaseMyTrip collected was also lesser and because of which gross margin looks slightly smaller. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay got the point, is there any reduction in the commission that you get from the airline? 
Prashant Pitti: 
As I said, the airlines are more aggressive in selling and offering target based commissions so the 
targets went a little bit here and there because of the Omicron otherwise it is target based commission 
and we look forward to meeting the target for this particular quarter. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I got your point fully but my question is there must be something like per X number of tickets you get 
this kind of a commission as there have been downward revision in that case? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The offering as we have seen it is in the data. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay and the other question is on the other current assets which is about 120 Crores is that primarily 
the loan given to the airlines or is it something else? What is your outlook? I know looking all around 
travel sector is booming, but in terms of I know you do not give exclusive guidance, but in terms of 
basic understanding of where the company is heading what would you like to call out for FY2023? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Basically as an overall guidance I can say that the best time for travel and tourism in India ahead of 
us, the pent-up demand is extremely strong and is extremely real despite the players go up we have 
seen flights and hotels chock-a-block so which kind of credibility of how eagerly people are looking 
forward to travel and given that there are new airports in the new aircraft which are coming in and 
OTA industry getting more and more preference over the direct captive and for the travel agent and 
OTA industries beneficiary of COVID in the long run because it has made people to use things online 
rather than the traditional travel agent as we used to go earlier. So overall I think my sense is that we 
are in very, very strong situation to capitalize, all the great things we are ahead of it and another thing 
is that as you all may have heard that there is a lot of noise around venture capital money, which is 
going to be trickling of what we have really have leveled as what it was earlier Madhu so that is in 
fact a music to EaseMyTrip’s ear because we have never been dependent on VC or PE money so if 
that is the case for the next couple of years, EaseMyTrip is going to be a beneficiary of it because 
most of our competitors are dependent on them and if we are going to have cash scarcity, we will be 
able to perform much, much better so that these are the things which I am really looking forward for 
the next couple of years. Our PAT has only increased in the last three years from 33 Crores in 
FY2020 to 61 Crores in FY2021 to 105.7 Crores now in FY2022. We look forward for a stronger 
March marching forward and continue to grow. One more piece of information which I want to share 
is that we are quite bullish on using our technology and our operation. The leanest of the leanest 
operations which we have created in India imagine the kind of value it can give to the consumers 
which are living in for that matter in Dubai or US or UK. The kind of competitive advantage we will 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
have while fighting the other people who are based on out there, would be tremendous and that is why 
at EaseMyTrip we are quite excited about our global expansion, Madhu. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I have two more question if I am allowed, one is your GBR of course on a very low base shot up by 
close to 75% year-on-year for FY2022 so what kind of ballpark GBR growth should be working 
with? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Well I would want to see the continuation of 15% or at least in the double-digit  in the higher double 
digit side Madhu for the coming year given that they would not be a huge disruption of any more 
COVID waves or any other calamity but otherwise I see that pent-up demand to be very strong and 
industry to be very well right and EaseMyTrip to be in perfect position to capitalize on the gains. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I will come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Just had few questions; firstly if you can give some outlook on the marketing expenses from next 
year, are we expecting market expenses and talking about including discounts to increase further from 
here on and if you can specify that how much in absolute terms or in the percentage terms we are 
looking or planning to increase the same. My second question is on the advances to the airline if you 
can give us some trend how the advances to the airline has changed and also some outlook on how 
that will be for next year particularly? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Let me take your first question. First question is basically the outlook on percentage change on 
marketing and discount so for the marketing, I can say discount is slightly more variable, it is more 
industry specific. I personally believe that the discounts probably will remain the same or slightly 
lower because of the thing which I just told you that the Venture Capital firms are pulling back from 
investing in startups in the company because of which I think that the discount portion probably will 
remain the same or probably go down. In terms of marketing, I think it could probably be 20 BPS 
plus or minus of what it is. As a percentage of GMV it will continue. It is pretty stable since last 
couple of years and we would want to continue it that way. It might go up  or down by 20 BPS, but it 
would not be a significant change. That’s the answer to your question number one and your second 
question was can you please just repeat? 
Anmol Garg: 
My second question was outlook on the advances that we give to the airlines to maintain? 
Prashant Pitti: 
In the entire last year the additional advance which was given to the airline was only 40 Crores put 
together, so we believe that is a very fair number. Ashish Ji, if you want to talk more about it. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Ashish Bansal: 
We gave additional advance of around 40 Crores to the airline and deposit it helped us to get better 
commission from the airlines so that is why the company for better for management they payback 
long-term advance. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure and is there something of an outlook that we can give is the amount that we are expecting to 
increase going ahead? 
Prashant Pitti: 
As and when the GMV increases advance deposit also increase so in the same way I think we believe 
advance may go up? 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure and just two bookkeeping sort of questions is that if you can gave outlook on the receivable days 
going ahead what can be receivable days that we can expect going ahead and secondly what can be 
sustainable OCF to EBITDA that we can expect going ahead? Thank you. That’s it from my end. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Our receivable days if you compare with GMV it is possibly 1.5%, it is around 10 days or so and as 
far as operating cash flow you are talking about. 
Anmol Garg: 
If you can give that what can be comfortable level for OCF to EBITDA that we are planning to 
sustain for the next few years? 
Prashant Pitti: 
If you see our operating cash flow at this time it is on negative side because we use the funds for the 
business and in the long run, we are of the view that all EBITDA will go to the cash or new 
applications so it will be difficult for us to predict level of OCF vis-à-vis EBITDA. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks. That’s it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Vora from AUM Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Vora: 
I did not understand we have flown more tickets from 18 lakhs to 20 lakhs for the current quarter on 
Q-on-Q basis then why is the revenue from operations lower for us which has reduced from 86 Crores 
to 60 Crores on Q-on-Q basis? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Basically the commitments which we made or basically the target base commitment  are variable, the 
target gets decided at the beginning of  the quarter and on basis of understanding not expecting 
COVID wave three to come, we anticipated our targets to be slightly higher and we have agreed upon 
it. It is not directly comparable to the year before, because that time the targets were lower. 
Ronak Vora: 
Sir is it something like we had committed lower, which is why our variable from the airlines was 
lower? 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Prashant Pitti: 
No. It is not that we committed lower. We missed the targets, because of Omicron and also the other 
reason as I mentioned earlier, which is that because we gave lesser discounts we collected lesser 
convenience fee and the convenience fee is the integral part of gross commission so if you see both 
rates that the gross commissions are basically revenues from operations plus discount so since the 
discount decrease, the gross commissions do see a decrease and then on top of it since the discount 
were low we collected lesser convenience fee and then on top of it we  missed some of the target 
because of COVID because of which the overall impact was around 1.4% to 1.5%. 
Ronak Vora: 
Is it possible that you can quantify to us that how much are you committed on and from what mark 
have we been invested with the airlines in terms of number of? 
Prashant Pitti: 
These are confidential terms and condition, between us and the airlines, these are competitor’s 
sensitive information. 
Ronak Vora: 
Sir if you can help us that if we had achieved our committed numbers how much improvement in 
terms of revenues would we have seen in the current quarter? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The current quarter is going very strong and unless any big things happen in the remaining months 
with the time duration, we feel confident of achieving our target. 
Ronak Vora: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrenik Bhandari from Yadnya Academy Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shrenik Bhandari: 
Sir you mentioned that we have not met the target for this quarter so have been able to renegotiate the 
targets with the airlines? You mentioned that in the last quarter the company failed to meet its target 
so have we been able to reduce the targets or targets are same and we expect better performance? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Targets are variable. There is terms and condition between the airlines and us so I cannot talk about it 
but there are variable and in every quarter they change. 
Shrenik Bhandari: 
Another question is if currently flight fares have been increased due to various reasons and there is an 
impact on the GBR, if we expect the phase to go down and how much does it affect our adjusted 
revenue? 
Prashant Pitti: 
In our business if GBR increase because of fare also our commission also better on that. 
Shrenik Bhandari: 
Thank you so much Sir. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was our last question. I now have the 
conference over to Mr. Prashant Pitti for his closing comments. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Thank you everyone for being part of the conference and I apologize for the bad line connection 
which we have had in between but to conclude I would like to highlight that EaseMyTrip continues to 
strengthen its position with more convenience fee model which is aided to become like I said to 
become one of the fastest growing OTA, robust cost control making us one of the most profitable 
companies and wide distribution network supported by the hybrid platform. We are confident in our 
goal to focus on expanding the hotel and holiday packages, the railway ticketing operations and 
leveraging existing travel agents in tier 2 and tier 3 cities and we continue to focus on corporate 
booking and drive business to keep the building business and presence in the sectors like bus, train 
travel and the other sectors and increase our profitability in the future. Thank you everyone for joining 
us. I hope we have been able to answer all your queries. In case if you require any further clarification 
you may reach out to Orient Capital, our Investor Relations Partners. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of is EaseMyTrip Limited that concludes the conference 
call. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
