  
RAG RAG MEIN 
— 
DAUDE CITY, | 
GeccelelessZ 
HA JAGRAN INITIATIVE 
  
  
May 31, 2022 
1. | National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
2. | BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Plot No. C/1, G Block; Bandra (East), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Ref: Scrip Code: NSE RADIOCITY/ BSE 540366 (ISIN: INE919101024) 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the Financial Results of the fourth 
Quarter and 
year ended 
March 31, 2022 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
In continuation to our letter dated May 20, 2022 and May 25, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulation”) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulation, we would like to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Call held on Wednesday, May 25,2022, at 4:00 p.m. for discussing 
financial performance of the Company in Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2022, has been made 
available on the Company's website at www.radiocity.in/investors 
We request you to take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Music Broadcast Limited 
gi 
Arpita Kapoor 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F8842 
Moe? 
Sng’. 
8 
aaon cry )) 
CG 
ae? 
x? 
Se 
iJ 
i 
eka 
C 
Or 
Ng et 
| 
eae 
aE 
ag 
MPRA JAGRAN INITIATIVE 
Lasse (rom th epee 
CIN: L64200MH1999PLC137729, Music Broadcast Limited 
| Register office: 5th Floor, RNA Corporate Park, Off Western Express Highway, 
Kalanagar, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051. 
| Tel: +91 22 66969100 
| Fax: +91 22 26429113 
| Website: www. radiocity.in 
 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Music Broadcast 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 25th May 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHIT KUKIAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MUSIC BROADCAST LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV SHAH – IR TEAM & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
STRATEGIC PARTNER – STRATEGY GROWTH ADVISORS 
– MUSIC BROADCAST LIMITED 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Music Broadcast Q4 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectation of the company as on 
date of this call. The statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashit Kukian, CEO, 
Music Broadcast Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ashit Kukian: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining the Q4 FY2022 earnings 
call for Music Broadcast Limited. Joining me on the call is Mr. Rajiv Shah from our IR 
team and our investor relations strategic partner, strategy growth advisors. Going by global 
trends to increase the revenue base, even in the Indian Radio Industry players have started 
looking at the adjacent areas to augment their FCT based revenue. Digital engagement, 
content and newer distribution channels are some of the new areas of focus, and the 
launching of economic activities in tier two and tier three markets also attracted many local 
advertisers to radio. The opening up of the country and return of the advertising spends 
have provided just a shot in the arm that we needed to build upon the work done in the 
previous few quarters towards becoming a more efficient robust and resilient organization. 
Radio is also expected to accelerate its path to recovery. Last year the festive season led to 
some recovery in radio ads and we expect this recovery to grow significantly in FY2023. 
The adoption of digitization in the audio space has opened up many opportunities for 
consumers and advertisers. Audiences today are looking for some great audio content on 
digital platforms, which is likely to attract more brands to leverage the convergence of 
digital radio and digital a phenomenon that I refer to as “Radigitalization” is what is being 
observed worldwide and has changed the way industry has operated since its inception. Our 
dominant social media presence also helps RJs connect better with their listeners by 
allowing them to create text, audio, and visual content. RJs have become strong influencers 
too, which helps broadcasters in monetization. This is further proven by the rebound in 
volumes. 
 
Talking about client counts and market share, Radio City has continued to maintain a lion 
share of 41% of the total clients. The overall growth in advertisers in the industry stood at 
2% with 1800 clients coming new in Q4 of FY2022 out of the total 3,79,000 (this was 
spoken incorrectly; actual number is 3,790) clients who advertised on the radio platform. 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Additionally with a series of sporting events and product launches lined up, the scenario 
looks equally promising and the company is well poised to service it and create tremendous 
value for all the shareholders. Yet another quarter, our market share has stood strong 
standing at 20% market share in the industry with an exit share of 21%. 
 
Coming to the sectoral ad spends, we observed a drastic growth in some of the major 
sectors. Real estate, which contributes 14% to the industry grew by 41% year-on-year. 
While finance which contributes 13% grew by 14% percent on a year-on-year basis. A 
staggering growth was observed in pharma and auto as well. With the two core categories 
growing by 10% and 34% respectively and contributing 9% volumes each to the industry. 
 
A negative trend was observed however in the food and soft drink sector and in the 
government sector, which was characterized by a degrowth of 5% and 25% respectively. 
The degrowth does have an impact as these sectors contribute 9% and 7% volumes 
respectively to the industry. 
 
Talking about the financial performance for the quarter, the revenue stood at Rs.46 Crores 
witnessing a rise of 8% year-one-year. The EBITDA for the quarter amounted to Rs.6.1 
Crores as against the Rs.5.14 Crores for the same period in the previous year at an EBITDA 
margin of 13.3%. The loss of quarter has reduced substantially on a year on basis from a 
Rs.3.9 Crores in Q4 of FY2021 to Rs.2.1 crores,  in Q4 FY2022. New revenue opportunity 
contributed roughly Rs.14.75 Crores to the top line and accounted for 32% of the same. 
These revenues are expected to grow steadily going forward as well. Deliberate 
optimization efforts have resulted in some permanent cost reductions yielding significant 
benefits, which are expected to hold good going forward as well. 
 
On the collection fronts, the company has managed to collect Rs.66.57 Crores during the 
quarter, of which the collection of government stands at Rs.11.46 Crores. These efforts on 
the recovery of revenues have led to the NOD reducing from 216 days to 164 days. Coming 
to the financial performance for the year gone by, we registered a growth of 32% year-on-
year increasing our top line from Rs.127.6 Crores to Rs.168.4 Crores. Our EBITDA 
increased by 656% from Rs.3.7 Crores to Rs.27 Crores. Similarly, to the quarterly results 
the annual losses after tax have substantially reduced from Rs.24.2 Crores to Rs.5.7 Crores 
as a combined effect of returning ad spends, internal cost optimization measures and 
accrued benefits of operating leverage being realized. Our focus on having a strong balance 
sheet continues to show with ample results in our armory something the company has 
always believed in. We have a strong liquidity position with cash reserves standing at 
Rs.264 Crores as on March 31, 2022 as compared to Rs.233 Crores as on March 31, 2021. 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
These resources provide the ammunition to capitalize on the opportunities under 
deliberation and the ones that may arise in the future. Digital integrations have become our 
anchors building upon multiple initiatives over the past few quarters. Our presence on social 
media is huge with a total reach of 198 million spread across multiple platforms. We have 
an array of digital solutions that provide our customers end-to-end omni-channel solutions 
for their products and services. All of this combined have led to a 151% increase in digital 
revenue for the quarter and 115% annually, which albeit growing on a small base are the 
way forward and will become a significant portion of our business. 
 
Lastly, with regard to the bonus issue of the non-convertible and non-cumulative 
redeemable preference share as per the direction of the honorable NCLT the meeting of the 
equity shareholders of the company is scheduled to be held on Thursday June 23, 2022 to 
consider and if thought fit, with or without modification to approve the scheme. We will 
promptly keep you posted with the development in this regard. With this, I will request the 
moderator to open up the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Sidhant Mattha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Good evening, Sir. Two questions from my side. Can you give us the monthly revenue of 
Radio City because I assume that there was Omicron impact in January so just wanted to 
know what was the exit rate in March and what monthly revenues can you expect in April, 
May and June when the markets have opened up? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes. March revenues it is to the tune of about approximately Rs.18 odd Crores that we are 
talking and usually the Q1 revenues are slightly lower than the Q4 revenues, but given that 
the utilization levels are still yet to be fully utilized, we believe that April, May and June 
numbers should be more or less in tune with what the Q4 revenues are. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Okay. I remember the FY19 was a very good year. Then there was a slowdown, then 
COVID came. What percentage of that sales have been lost like basically advertises moving 
and also what is your target of reaching by this end of 2023. Do you expect to reach the 
Rs.20 Crores revenue mark from monthly or do you expect it to be around Rs.18 Crores to 
Rs.19 Crores? Just wanted to know. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Roughly around what you are saying anywhere between Rs.18 Crores to Rs.20 Crores 
because it all depends from the way the adoption happens, but if I go by the understanding 
of inventory utilization over the Q4 and whatever little indications we have in the months of 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
April and whatever now, we believe that the utilization level should be back at the 90% 
level from an overall perspective. The next thing that will be in discussion is the yields, 
which we believe there is a huge room for growth because we are still as we speak about 
60% to 65% of the pre COVID level yields, so to answer your question I think you are more 
or less in line with the thought process about the revenues as we go forward from here. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Okay. My second question is regarding cost. We saved around Rs.520 Crores (this was 
spoken incorrectly; actual number is Rs. 52 crores) cost in FY2021 and then in FY2022, we 
could do a tremendous job by saving around Rs.330 Crores or Rs.335 Crores (this was 
spoken incorrectly; actual number is Rs. 33 crores), so what percentage of that Rs.520 
Crores (this was spoken incorrectly; actual number is Rs. 52 crores) saving we could save 
more than 50% of the cost in FY2022, but now what I can see is there was there was an 
uptick in the employee cost and other expenses also in the Q4, so do you expect the trend to 
continue and what would be the percentage of savings that will be permanent in nature? 
Ashit Kukian: 
From pre-COVID to COVID, we had very clearly said there is a 50% savings which was 
there and that is one of our similar business options that we are looking at, but as we go 
forward and as we empower ourselves more digitally there will be some amount of up cost 
that will happen from an overall perspective, so we believe we will be still saving about, out 
of the additional 50% about 25% to 30% savings will come in and the balance will come as 
increased cost clearly keeping in view of the future business prospects that we are looking 
at. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Was there any one-offs in this employee cost? Do you expect the employee cost or some 
other expenses because there was a there was a major uptake. We were around Rs.12 Crores 
to Rs.13 Crores and now this time we were around Rs.14 Crores to Rs.15 Crores so just 
wanted to know whether employee cost, whether we will see a similar trend or there were 
some one-offs? 
Ashit Kukian: 
No, I think you will be seeing a similar trend because there is no one-offs there because 
even when I am talking about the investment in people, it is a gradual process and it is not 
that one stroke will kind of get everybody on board. As the business increases and as we go 
forward in this call, I am sure a lot of things will come out in terms of how are we looking 
at our business as we go forward from the year now and the next few years as we look at 
our own business. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Okay. My final question. What the percentage of local to national advertisers was during 
the quarter if you can give the number or suggest a trend that like or just if possible? 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Ashit Kukian: 
We always had a 35:65 kind of a ratio from a national to local and that keeps continuing to 
us. Last year we had a lot a little more of local coming around 68% because as you know 
the tier two and the tier three cities were the ones, which came up faster than the metro 
cities but yes going forward 35:65 is the ratio, which we see will not change because 
fundamentally nothing has changed from a radio perspective. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Why I asked this question was that because we are seeing FMCG advertisement because the 
recreation is going up so we are seeing rising raw materials so FMCG and other companies, 
FMCG is not a very big contributor, but generally real estate and FMCG all are facing input 
pressures on raw materials, so just wanted to know whether local players will be advertising 
more or something like that? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Local players have been advertising more because that is how the ratio is around 65% 
coming to an extent. Last year it was about 68% and I think we should hover around the 
same ratio as we go forward. 
Sidhant Mattha: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
The first question pertains to the digital ballpark because we are seeing that the digital base 
is gaining traction and the growth is almost more than 100% that you are achieving during 
the quarter as well as during the entire year, so if you could just highlight what is the base 
of this digital revenue and what is the strategy that we are adapting to grow this space more 
faster going ahead and what is the broad thought process over next three to four years how 
this is going to go in terms of numbers? 
Ashit Kukian: 
When I am talking about the digital's play for radio, for us the radio digital plays completely 
rooted onto radio. When I am saying rooted onto radio is, we are purely talking about using 
our RJ influences as social media influences and brands are riding on their influencing 
ability from their own communities and doing the integrated solution between radio and 
social media presence of these RJs and just to give you a gist about this whole business if 
you have to really look at the digital business, the digital business or the digital revenues 
that is there is approximately about Rs.36,000 odd Crores, of which 50% is your display 
and search so if you take Rs.18,000 Crores away, Rs.18,000 Crores is the area where you 
have social media influencers, videos, content creation, brand integrations and so on.. If I 
have to put the play that I am looking at currently and if I could put interject the influencer 
and the videos that space is approximately close to Rs.5000 odd Crores out of the Rs.18,000 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Crores that we are talking about so that is the kind of space that we as Radio City currently 
are operating, which is using influencers. When I am talking about influencers, I am also 
building up ecosystem, which will not only have our own RJ influencers but also social 
media influencers from across media platforms who will be wanting to be part of our brands 
icon because they believe we make great advertising solutions and brands want that kind of 
appeal as well as giving them solutions are concerned. At the heart of it, Bajrang to give 
you I believe that we are a large advertising services company which will give my brands 
for the advertisers or clients what they want. If they want content in a particular platform, I 
will give them content in that particular platform. If the clients want an engagement in a 
particular platform so for me as Radio City, I am present on ads. I am also present on 
ground. I am also present on social media instances with my RJs and if there are needs from 
advertisers outside of my RJs, which is celebrity influencers and all, we will be able to kind 
of provide it to them because that is the ecosystem I am working on. To give you an answer 
out of the so called 36,000 play influencer radio and video marketing of content creation is 
approximately Rs.5000 Crores. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay. Wan we expect 4% to 5% kind of market share of this Rs.5000 Crores over next five 
years? Is it a fair assumption? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Absolutely, without a doubt because it is a fairly sharp focus approach that we are talking 
about and I have no doubt it should be of that kind of ratio. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay. My second question pertains to this redeemable preference shares, the NCLT order 
has been passed as per the announcement that is there on the BSE from your side and the 
meetings of shareholders and creditors are going to be convened on June 22, 2022 or June 
23, 2022, so can you give us some timeline that after these meetings and I suppose it is 
going to be approved only because it is a win-win situation for the minority shareholders, so 
what time frame we can expect this to be listed on the exchanges? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Only after the meeting is done, we will be able to give you. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Tentative Sir? I am not an exactly but as per your thought process what is the tentative 
timeline? 
Ashit Kukian: 
If you ask me to ask for a number it could be anywhere between six to seven months 
because after that meeting, we have to again go back to the NCLT and that is not in our 
hands because you know how long we waited for this also. When we started off, we felt it is 
a six-month exercise and it got prolonged to more than that, so yes if all things goes well 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
ideally situation is six to seven months, but everything depends on how we get the response 
from the NCLT and the situation and the way the whole thing is taken forward but yes. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
The process is that once this meeting is convened and whatever is the outcome of these 
meetings, we need to communicate this to NCLT. Then NCLT will again hear the case and 
will finally approve it. Will it go that way? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes, you are right. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Once it is finally approved then only we will issue those shares and it will be listed again? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Absolutely. You are bang on. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay got it. My last question pertains to it is a combined on the tourism and the yield, the 
one segment which was not working fine in the COVID time is the tourism and the 
hospitality and we are all the way hearing that now whether it is hotels or it is restaurants or 
it is tourist destinations, there is a humongous demand that is there in the market right now. 
What kind of response or what kind of market share that we are having in that space 
because that is the area, which was not working during the COVID times which has opened 
up and the second part is the on the yield side still we are at 60% to 65%, though most of 
these segments of the industry are getting stabilized or getting back to the pre-COVID 
levels, why are we taking so much of time to go back to the earlier yields, which we were 
enjoying before pandemic? What is your sense that when this is doable and what is the 
bottleneck that still needs to be conquered by us to get back to those levels if you could 
highlight that will really helpful Sir? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Two responses as you rightly said since the current volumes of the tourism industry is not 
really that encouraging. In the COVID period any amount of share is just a misleading point 
to see. I am looking at it from a perspective of what are we doing to create more 
opportunities for tourism as a category and that I can assure you in the coming months you 
will see most local tourism whether it is Madhya Pradesh tourism, Rajasthan tourism, 
Maharashtra tourism or Odisha tourism most of them will be active on radio and a lot of 
ideations both digital plus radio is already shared to them. Post that when the market 
matures with huge contributions coming from this tourism, I will rather be happy to then 
share what is the share that we are looking at. Your next question is on the basis of the ER. 
You must understand that till about the end of last quarter when I am saying we are still at a 
70% to 75% utilization level the elasticity of 25% is still available in a market which has 
already been reeling for the last 22 months. The easier option is to first realize the volume-
led revenues to begin with and as that gets saturated you increase your ERs. That is the first 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
point. The second point is the increase of the ER as in any other competitive business is a 
function of how market operates. Unfortunately, while we are in a strong position of 
volume utilization, there are a lot of players still who are not at the levels of utilization who 
believe that they can still carry the volume route for another couple of quarters and that is 
where the challenge comes in. I do not know if you have really closely looked at my Q4 
numbers, unlike my previous three quarters, my Q4 volume increase is lesser than the radio 
industry, which is not the previous three quarters. That is because I am precisely trying to 
do what you want me to do is strategically increase my yield by refusing low ER volumes. 
The first time that you have seen is that one person dropped that I saw from 21% to 20% 
which I am not worried about honestly Bajrang because I think there is a need for that to do 
because over a period of two quarters, I believe my yield increase will substitute the volume 
loss that I have done and that is a clear strategy from my side. Unfortunately, I have 
competitors who are still believing that they would want to expose the volume route first 
though the results have not shown it that way but I think to each their own strategy, I am 
completely aligned to the fact that yield has to go up and with the assurance that the market 
has come back, 90% to 95% utilization level will only encourage me to kind of get the 
yields increased and hence the revenue increase will be largely yield increase in the top 
markets where the elasticity is already filled and in the other set of markets where the 
volumes are still available we will play the volume game, so it is a mix of yield and volume 
as we go forward. I hope that answers your question. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes. Thank you very much Sir for this detailed elaboration and I wish you all the best for 
your success in future quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have one question on this new revenue opportunity, which 
contributed approximately Rs.15 Crores in this quarter and in the opening remarks you also 
mentioned that these opportunities along with the digital pie has a very strong growth 
potential, can you just highlight what kind of growth are we looking with respect to these 
opportunities and over a period of two to three years what kind of revenue contribution are 
we foreseeing? 
Ashit Kukian: 
New revenue growth opportunity is what radio in itself thrives on. If you see historically 
35% of radio business year on year with new clients are coming on board. Within the new 
clients, we are creating new opportunities like during the COVID period, we created Radio 
City Bazaars. Now with the digital play we are creating integrated IP led ideation with 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
digital and on radio so yes to give you an answer it will have a substantial play as we go 
forward because it is a creation of idea-led business opportunities for brands and with India 
being at the cusp of being a highly dominant startup culture, you will have a lot of these 
people who would want to kind of do marketing communications, which these opportunities 
are what we want to give to the new startup culture and that is why we believe as we go 
forward this will be a continuing business and it is not a one off for us or for the industry for 
that matter. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay and you also highlighted in the opening remarks that yields are at about 60% to 65% 
percent of the pre-COVID level but if you consider the metro markets, say for example in 
Mumbai, Delhi, and Bengaluru what is the current situation vis-à-vis the pre-COVID 
numbers? 
Ashit Kukian: 
There is a marginal increase that you will be talking about. You are talking about utilization 
level or you are talking about yield. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yield sir. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes say 5% to 6% more than the rest of the players because that is the market that we 
believe, which has the highest potential to ad revenues to not just us but for the overall 
industry but yes that is just a 5% difference between the overall 65% that we are talking 
about because that is the area where we believe that there is a 30% to 35% growth chances 
from my existing yield to the exit of the coming year that we talk about. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Just one last bookkeeping question. Can I have the breakdown between the 28 stations and 
the 11 stations for FY2022? 
Ashit Kukian: 
If I have to put an average over the last while COVID may not be the right year it is 80% to 
85% will come from your large 28 stations and 10% to 15% will come from the balance 
stations, which keeps fluctuating from year to year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riya Verma from JR Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Riya Verma: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. Firstly, it seems that the company is 
having majority towards the digital shares in the total pie of revenue, so will the prominence 
of radio and our operations die down or will there be more of a hybrid mode? 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Ashit Kukian: 
It is a hybrid mode. Right now, if you look at my overall numbers only 6% of my revenues 
is coming through digital, so we are still 95% radio. As we go forward while digital growth 
will be faster and the 5% can become a 9% or a 10% and so on and so forth, it is going to be 
a hybrid model for sure. The reasons why I believe is our faith in radio is going to continue 
and if there is any indications from matured markets where the digital has really played its 
role, people are turning back to traditional advertising and there is enough and more stories 
that is coming about why people would want to also do traditional advertising to break the 
digital clutter because if you look at now as we go forward with the cookie-less world and 
so on and so forth, the consumer will have the power to accept an ad or not to accept an ad 
and any kind of display advertising and all may not work. Yes the opportunity of 
influencer-led categories where there is an engagement between the consumer and the 
influencers in the digital space, which is where I am talking about will continue to thrive 
because that is where the return on investment is, so it is going to be a hybrid model Riya 
for sure and I am talking about not just one or two years for the next five to six years for 
sure, it will be an hybrid model and for us our entire digital play is rooted with our radio 
friends and when I am talking radio and one of the reasons why digital is doing far more is 
as you all know whether it is Google or any other digital company, the regionalization of 
digital that has happened and even if we are talking about OTT players or apps that is that 
there, it is the regionalization of digital which is going big and that is where my strengths 
are. Today when I talk about radios nobody can give you the rest of Maharashtra reach that 
I am giving. Nowhere they can reach to the outskirts of Gujarat or Madurai and so on and 
so forth so the combination of regionalization and the effort that we have on radio is where 
we believe the future is and for that I believe it is going to be hybrid and fortunately I keep 
telling my team I do not suffer from format myopia, so it is not an either or it is an and for 
me, Riya so radio and digital is the way forward. 
Riya Verma: 
Right and lastly what are the internals used in the company regarding the prospects of 
medium in general? Sir I am talking of the internal views in the company regarding the 
prospect of the medium in general? Is it headed the way as print did, which is, die down or 
other ways to rejuvenate the same? 
Ashit Kukian: 
It will not die down. I think I answered the question that radio will continue to have its role 
and actually go forward, there is enough reports which is coming from large mature digital 
markets that people are slowly coming back to traditional advertising along with the digital 
play to break the digital clutter. After a while too much of anything will not really, we know 
your share of voice gets drowned when too many players are there so you would want to 
kind of break the clutter. There again I am saying is just adding a little flavor to your 
advertising approach that you are doing. If that is the case and in any case in a business of 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Rs.1 lakh Crores we are talking about Rs.2500 Crores to Rs.3000 Crores that is not going to 
pinch much that people have to really substitute that to the balance of the businesses that is 
there. The only part is that though it is Rs.2500 Crores there are only three or four large 
players and hence the volume and value look bigger from an individual player perspective 
but when you look at an advertising per se, I do not think there is a drastic need for even 
advertisers to look at that because the investments in any way which phase has been prudent 
and that will continue for the next five to six years for sure. I am vehemently telling our 
face in radio continues and will leverage radio to kind of put a digital play because whether 
it is content and whether it is storytelling everything for us stems from the fact that we have 
great storytellers. We have great opportunities, and we have great reach, which is what 
radio works on and fortunately for us most categories which is affinity to digital has also 
affinity to radio, so that is the plus point for us, so it is a clear media multiplayer play for us 
and I have no doubts about it. 
Riya Verma: 
Right. Thank you so much. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Bagadia from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Good evening, Sir and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is what is our 
benchmark volume for ads per hour? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Top market if you look at the top metro market, should be good going here is anywhere 
between 95% to 97% utilization level. The balance set of market depending on the elasticity 
of the market currently historic strength from the time it started is still about 60% to 65%, 
but that is where the opportunity I believe when the whole market gets reconstructed with 
this whole digital play shift of mediums, consumption and so on, there is a play of 30% to 
35% of volumes in the set of markets that I am talking about where there is 65% utilization 
levels is there so yes it is a large market. If I have to put my set of market 10 markets will 
be around 95% to 97%. I mean if one wants you can one can go to 110% also, but that is 
where the rate play comes in and the balances set of markets is around 60% to 65% where 
the volume play is still existing depending on how elasticity the market has in terms of 
more volumes to be consumed. 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Okay and on the digital side, I wanted to know what is our content cost? How much is that 
first part would how much is our in-house content production and the content, which we are 
acquiring from outside so what would be that percentage and how much of a cost? 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Ashit Kukian: 
Right now, we have not got into scales where we are talking about content from outside. 
Whatever content we are using in the digital part of the world is completely created by us. 
We have equipped ourselves with creators, editors and video. Having said that as we go 
forward if we believe there is an opportunity to create content through an outsider and we 
see great value we will not shun away from that, but as of today in the plans that we have 
got completely on the contrary you will be happy to know that we create content and give to 
streaming platforms like Spotify and so on and so forth, so it is the other way around but 
yes as the market evolves there may be a day when I would not hesitate to buy content from 
content creators if there is a market for brands to adopt that and take advantage of it. 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Okay Sir that would be great and that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Toshniwal from Shiva Metal 
Industries. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Toshniwal: 
Good evening, all. My small query was with regard to December 2021 quarter and March 
2022 quarter, there was a revenue fall of around Rs.14 Crores. Could you please highlight 
the reasons for this revenue fall and the way we slip from a turnaround position of a profit 
in December quarter to a loss of around Rs.9 Crores in the March quarter? Was it only 
because of the fall in revenue or is there something else which is to be understood? Thank 
you? 
Ashit Kukian: 
I am sorry. Which period are you talking about? 
Rajesh Toshniwal: 
Q3 and Q4? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Typically, if you look at the radio or any medium for that matter, there is a 16% to 17% 
drop that you will see from a Q4 to Q3, so that is the first part of the story. The balance the 
gap that you are seeing is purely the January Omicron effect that happened and if that 
Omicron effect would not have happened, we would have been doing almost Rs.50 Crores 
plus or a little more than that I would say because that is what the Jan effect was, which 
percolated between January and maybe the first week of February and otherwise there is no 
difference in the numbers that we are looking at. Yes, you are right typically and that is 
historic thing that Q3 being festive, and you will always have a greater share of advertising 
revenues happing during that period. The fall is usually there in Q4. This time it is more 
pronounced because of the Omicron effect that we are talking about. 
Rajesh Toshniwal: 
Okay Sir thank you. 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Arc Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Sir I have a question. Do you have any plans to sort of expand into other geographies, 
which are left untapped as of now? 
Ashit Kukian: 
No. If you know our phase two and phase three strategy, we were always clear. We have 
only attempted those geographies where we believe it is an advertising attractive market, so 
we have possibly in our mix of stations, we have almost unlike where others have more 
number of stations, we are addressing the 90% attractive advertising markets through the 
geographies that we are present, so honestly speaking as we speak though they say there is 
never say never as of now, I do not see any real need for us to expand to any geographies 
because we have enough of play to do and expand and grow for ourselves in the play that 
we are talking about, which is radio plus digital. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I asked this because we have tried for the Friends FM in Kolkata a couple of years ago, 
which unfortunately did not go through, so I am just asking if like you had any other such? 
Ashit Kukian: 
There is not lost opportunity for us because we are still representing Friends FM and 
advertisers are getting that exposure in Kolkata market. That is why I said any other 
geographies we are not looking. Kolkata in future if it is available depending on the 
viability and the financial returns one may consider it. I am not saying never, but not in a 
large scale. One off here and there is I think in the scheme of things is an opportunity-led 
decision that we will take rather than a strategic need to expand  ourselves geographically. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Okay fine Sir that helps a lot. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Depesh from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Depesh: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Sir you mentioned that 1Q revenues will be similar to the 
4Q revenues right, so I just want to understand why is that because you explained that 4Q 
was impacted by Omicron in the month of January and February, so should 1Q be similar to 
4Q? 
Ashit Kukian: 
If you really look at the business of media usually you have the largest quarter happening in 
Q3 followed by Q4 and followed by Q1 and Q2 is the way it goes across historically. If you 
see there is a marginal drop that will always happen from Q4, and I am talking about the 
normalized year. I am not talking about COVID year because for two reasons. A lot of 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
advertising decisions for brands when they start the New Year takes the first 45 days 
because brand managers, the brand heads, and custodians are relooking at their strategy and 
so on and so forth and unless there is a great sporting event that comes in which will really 
upswing the spend, so typically this is the way it is. Your Q3 is followed by Q4 followed by 
Q1 followed by Q2 is the large trend, so it is the same route that we are following in the 
normal year. Yes, having said that to answer your question that Rs.4 Crores to Rs.5 Crores 
whatever that gap of January is even if you include that what numbers we will be looking at 
is marginally lesser than that at a normalized level so it will continue to be that way so there 
is nothing wrong. It is not that we are showing any lesser revenue dip because there is any 
strategic problem that we are having in the way forward for the business. 
Depesh: 
The seasonality that you rightly pointed out, but we are still operating around 50% below 
the normal revenues that we used to do so are you saying that it is still going to continue in 
FY2023? There is not going to be a strong revenue? 
Ashit Kukian: 
I will say two things yes so that 50% will be offshooted by 20% to 24% of growth of 
volume that I had showed because if you look at the first two quarters of the year, we were 
at 24%, then 47%, then 75%, and then again 68% to 70%. If I have to average off what we 
believe is 90% that volume will be the additional revenue that we are talking about. I myself 
admitted that we are at 60% to 65% of the yield levels, which I believe should at least reach 
to 80% to 85% that is the only place where there is an if because it has a market relatability 
to it but having said that there will be definitely an increase there. That coupled together 
will give you the increase, which will be closer to what the pre COVID levels are and that is 
at the top line revenue levels, but I can assure you as far as your company is concerned, our 
attempt is that even if we fall short by a few Crores here and there on the top line levels, we 
are trying to match the bottom-line figures of the pre COVID levels as far as the coming 
year is concerned. 
Depesh: 
Got it and secondly on the other expenses, are there any one-offs in this quarter, which you 
want to highlight? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Sorry. 
Depesh: 
In the other expenses of Rs.25 Crores this quarter, are there any one-offs? 
Ashit Kukian: 
No there is no one offs unless you are hinting at something, which I am not seeing. 
Depesh: 
No. The Rs.25 Crores number like previously I find that number came in Q4 FY2020 in 
which there were a lot of provisions also over there? 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Ashit Kukian: 
The difference is there is as you know in the last two to two and a half years because of the 
COVID-related effects and the financial ability of a few maybe agencies and clients, we 
took a prudent view of receivables very engagingly with not only ourselves, but with our 
auditors to kind of safeguard our investors interest and we have made extra provision this 
year of doubtful debts so that that Rs.6 Crores approximately has been added. In fact, that 
has been added in the last quarter and hence that figure of Rs.25 Crores is looking a little 
pronounced, number one. Number two honestly I did not want to use it because that is not 
my type thing that if you take it away, we actually would have ended up with marginal 
profit for the year, but yes I mean we believe to show what it is so that is the only change 
that is there which is purely safeguarding the interest saying that if there is anything which 
you believe is doubtful at the levels because of the growing uncertainty that people had for 
the last 20 to 24 months from a repayability concern whether it is an agency or a client we 
have provided for it. 
Depesh: 
Rs.6 Crores is the number right which is the provisions in this? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Full year. Rs.4.5 Crores is the Last quarter. 
Depesh: 
Particularly, for this quarter Sir how much you can give that number? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Sorry. 
Depesh: 
Particularly for this quarter? 
Ashit Kukian: 
We have done Rs.4.5 Crores. That is why I said the whole effort we did before closing the 
year so that the book reflects the real picture as far as we are concerned, so in the Q4 itself 
we have done Rs.4.5 Crores. We have been providing for this wherever we felt on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, but when we did a detailed exercise and when we evaluated the last three 
years of our debtors, we felt it prudent to add this additional amount so that we are 
safeguarding from the way we show our P&L and that is why in the last quarter we have 
added Rs.4.5 Crores. 
Depesh: 
Okay so that explains the margin drop? Other thing, which I wanted to understand was that 
like obviously your parent company Jagran also does a lot of solution business, so why are 
we also getting into this and how are we doing different things than what Jagran is already 
doing? 
Ashit Kukian: 
There is a difference to what Jagran is. Jagran is an event execution company while we are 
a solution providing company, so the difference is that I am doing an integrated solution of 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
radio plus digital plus on ground presence, so if a brand wants to have experiential 
marketing, exhibition is still not done by me. exhibition is done in the last cases Jagran, but 
if you believe there is competitive pricing happening, we also work with the other agencies 
so that is the need of the advertiser so like I said I am an advertising solution provider 
through the various platforms that I have or the opportunities that I create so I am not 
getting into the business with Jagran is in. I am using Jagran Solutions to kind of give 
advertising solutions to my brands. 
Depesh: 
Sir as I understand like whatever revenue you book in the Radio City right you have to pay 
a license fee of 7% to 8% to the government on that so why not to divert this entire business 
to Jagran and stay away from the license fee that you have to pay extra? 
Ashit Kukian: 
I think radio business is radio business and it is clearly seen whatever is booked on air is 
completely it is monitorable and I do not think we also believe in doing those things what 
business is legitimate is radio will be shown as radio and we will be paying the royalties 
and the license as required so that is something, which has never occurred to us and I do not 
think as an organization we will ever do that. 
Depesh: 
Got it but my understanding is correct whatever revenues you book you have to pay a 
license fee right on this? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes. You are right. 
Depesh: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipti Kothari from Kothari Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Thank you for taking my question, I might have missed it. My question was that the top line 
fall from Q3 to Q4 was expected owing to the seasonality, however the fall is deeper than 
expected, so what are the reasons for the same and how much was the Omicron impact on 
the business? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes, it is about Rs.4 Crores to Rs.5 Crores of business effect of Omicron and if you add 
that, that will be the drop that normally seen from Q3 to Q4, so that that is something which 
I addressed in the question before or the last question. If that Rs.4 Crores to Rs.5 Crores had 
come that is the marginal drop that you see from a 60 to 50, which is conventional in nature. 

 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay and my next question was that which are the sectors that are contributing to the 
revival in the ad spends and which are showing a negative trend in your experience? 
Ashit Kukian: 
The government is showing a negative trend. The ones which are showing is real estate has 
grown or food and soft drinks and even consumer products that have shown some increase 
from whatever base they were present in. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay and do we see the same trend continuing or do we see a new trend with the rise in e-
commerce players and startups? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Finance and ecommerce will continue to use radio across the year that they have been 
using. I believe with some political advertising will come in so government possibly will 
increase. I also believe state governments will increase with the tourism ad coming in and 
so on, so yes that category will be an added from a stagnant growth that we saw from these 
categories. That categories will grow and that will add up to the revenues. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay that answers my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Thank you everyone for joining us in this earnings call. We are confident that the company 
will continue building upon the progress made over the last one year. The lessons learnt and 
the resilience developed to further solidify its strong position in the industry, optimize its 
operations further, deliver greater quality content through its amazing talent pool and 
leverage our extensive network. The presentation and earnings release are already uploaded 
on the website and stock exchanges. Should you have any further queries, please do please 
feel free to get in touch with any one of us or with SGA. I wish you the best of luck and 
more importantly stay safe and take care. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Music Broadcast Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
