 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
Regd. Office : Fortis Hospital, Sector 62, Phase – VIII, Mohali – 160062 
Tel : 0172-5096001, Fax : 0172-5096221, CIN : L85110PB1996PLC045933 
Fortis Healthcare Limited  
Tower-A, Unitech Business Park, Block-F, 
South City 1, Sector – 41, Gurgaon, 
Haryana – 122 001 (India) 
Tel  
 
: 0124 492 1033 
Fax 
 
: 0124 492 1041 
Emergency 
: 105010 
Email 
 
: secretarial@fortishealthcare.com 
Website 
: www.fortishealthcare.com 
 
May 31, 2022 
FHL/SEC/2022-23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.         
Corporate Communications Department        
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,   
         
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),                        
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Symbol: FORTIS 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Services Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip Code:532843 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts’ meet under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the investors / analysts meet 
held on May 26, 2022 to discuss the Company’s Audited Financial Results for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2022. Further, the said transcript is also available on the website of the 
Company i.e. https://www.fortishealthcare.com/investors. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Murlee Manohar Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F9598  
 
Encl.: a/a 
murlee 
manohar jain
Digitally signed by 
murlee manohar jain 
Date: 2022.05.31 
13:02:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Fortis Healthcare Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Post Results Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. ASHUTOSH RAGHUVANSHI - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK KUMAR GOYAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. ANAND K - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - SRL 
MR. MANGESH SHIRODKAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
SRL 
MR. ANURAG KALRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS - FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED  
MR. GAURAV CHUGH – CORPORATE FINANCE AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY2022 Post Results 
Conference Call of Fortis Healthcare Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anurag Kalra, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations at Fortis Healthcare 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Kalra! 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you Diksha. Very good morning and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and 
welcome to Fortis Healthcare's Q4 and FY2022 earnings call. The call is being chaired by 
Dr. Ashutosh Raghuvanshi, our Managing Director and CEO. With him we have Mr. Vivek 
Goyal, our Chief Financial Officer. From SRL, Mr. Anand joins us as the CEO of SRL and 
with him is Mangesh, the Chief Financial Officer of SRL. I am also joined by my colleague, 
Gaurav, over here. We will begin with some opening comments by Dr. Raghuvanshi on the 
performance of the quarter and the year followed by which Anand will take you through 
some key highlights of the diagnostics business and then we shall open the floor for 
question and answer. Over to Dr. Raghuvanshi! 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: Thank you Anurag. Good morning and good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking 
time to join us for our Q4 FY2022 earnings call. I hope all of you are safe and well in the 
aftermath of Omicron wave. We were all relatively fortunate that this time around the wave 
was less severe and saw fewer hospitalizations allowing us to resume to normal in a shorter 
span of time. Nonetheless, cases are still being diagnosed and hence we should all continue 
to be careful. 
 
Coming to the performance of the company I shall comment on the year as a whole and 
then move to Q4. As you are aware, fiscal 2022 was sort of a mixed bag with COVID 
impacting us in Q1 of the year. Despite this, we ensured business continuity and 
sustainability and quickly augmented our efforts to scale up operations once business 
normalized. This enabled a healthy performance with a consolidated topline growth of 42% 
and an all-time high EBITDA of INR 1000 Crores plus. This is indeed heartening and 
reflects the efforts of all my colleagues, employees and clinicians to ensure that the 
company has clearly moved on from the challenges of the past. 
 
Consolidated revenues for the company stood at INR 5718 Crores with profit after tax at a 
robust INR 790 Crores versus a loss of INR 56 Crores in FY2021. Our hospital business 
revenue for the year has grown 37% to INR 4264 Crores with margins improving 740 basis 
points to touch 15.8%. Our diagnostic business has been aided by COVID volumes and has 
recorded a robust growth of 55% in revenues to reach INR 1605 Crores in FY2022. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
Margins in the business were at a robust 26.5% versus 19.3% in FY2021. Just to put the 
diagnostic business in perspective, high COVID volumes are unlikely to continue in the 
current fiscal unless there is another wave which is unlikely. 
 
Our balance sheet remains healthy with a net debt to EBITDA of 0.6x versus 1.04x over the 
corresponding previous year. We have reduced our debt by approximately INR 300 Crores 
and have a net debt of INR 549 Crores as of March 31, 2022. Our finance costs are lower by 
12% both as a result of debt reduction and lower rate of borrowing. In fact in FY2022 we 
witnessed a rating upgrade by CRISIL for both our long-term and short-term borrowing 
programs. 
 
As I mentioned above, our Q4 performance was impacted by COVID through the first half 
of the quarter. This being less severe and seeing lower hospitalizations we were able to 
quickly recover towards the end of February and saw normal business in the month of 
March. While January witnessed a downturn with occupancy going down to 54%, in the 
month of March we saw the occupancy recovering to about 63%. Overall for the quarter we 
were at 59% occupancy. We did better than the corresponding previous quarter on most 
parameters, but were lower when you compare the performance to the trailing quarter since 
this had negligible COVID revenues. We recorded a consolidated topline of INR 1378 
Crores, a growth of 10% over Q4 of FY2021. Our EBITDA margins were better at 16.5% 
versus 16.3% and our profit after tax also increased 40% to INR 87 Crores for the quarter. 
Our hospital business revenues grew 6% with EBITDA margins at 13.8% while the 
diagnostic business revenue grew 22% with EBITDA margins marginally better than the 
corresponding previous quarter at 22.5%. I shall now share with you some qualitative 
aspects and operating metrics of both our businesses for FY2022. 
 
Firstly the hospital business, I am quite pleased with the way the business is evolving, 
occupancy in FY2022 was 63% versus 55% in FY2021 and ARPOB has increased 14% to 
reach INR 1.80 Crores. We have grown our revenues from key focused specialities such as 
oncology, cardiac sciences, neurosciences, renal sciences, gastroenterology and orthopedics 
which contributed 55% to overall hospital revenue versus 53% in FY2021. These have 
shown a robust 43% in increase in revenue versus last year. 
 
Most of our hospitals have done well in the fiscal and what is also encouraging is the 
turnaround we are seeing in some of our underperforming facilities such as FEHI. We 
continue to invest in state-of-the-art medical equipment and infrastructure and expand beds 
in select facilities in our focus clusters. We have commissioned cath lab, neuronavigation 
systems, PET CTs, BMT units and the like in select facilities, also supplementing them by 
on-boarding reputed clinicians in order to significantly strengthen our clinical offering and 
medical programs. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
We remain focused both on revenue and cost levels to improve our profitability. Leveraging 
digital channels such as mobile app, websites, online campaigns coupled with our sales and 
marketing effort on large payer mix segment should drive the topline. Cost has and 
continues to be a priority area as we look at optimizing both direct and indirect expense. We 
continue to evaluate our drugs and consumable metrics including substitution and 
consumption optimization. We have also largely in-house our outpatient pharmacy business 
and radiology services in our facilities, which we believe would add incrementally to our 
margins. All in all, cost continues to be reviewed across expense lines, functions and 
facilities, and we remain cognizant of the criticality to our performance. 
 
We continue that our portfolio rationalization program aligning this with our focus cluster 
approach to grow both organically via Brownfield expansion and inorganically in 
geographies of Delhi NCR, Maharashtra, Bangalore and Kolkata. This will not only help us 
channelize our resources more effectively, but also help us gain from economy of scale 
efficiencies and benefits of cross-leveraging clinical and non-clinical resources. Our plans 
to add 1200 beds in the existing facilities over the next few years are well underway. 
Moving ahead, I expect that our hospital business will continue to grow steadily led by the 
investments we have made and continue to make and with our efforts both from a strategic 
and operational perspective. 
 
Now on the diagnostic business, I shall be brief in my comments on this as Anand shall take 
you through in details. SRL has seen a significant turnaround aided both by the higher 
volumes of COVID tests in Q1 and Q4 of FY2022 and its acquisition of DDRC, SRL joint 
venture in April 2021. SRL conducted a total of 44.2 million tests in FY2022 versus 23.5 
million in FY2021. More importantly SRL in FY2022 has significantly strengthened its 
channel mix with the B2C versus B2B component at 55 versus 45. It has aggressively 
expanded its network adding close to 750 net customer touch points and 400 direct clients 
in FY2022, the highest ever annual addition so far. While this business has done 
exceedingly well in the last fiscal it would also be important to highlight the current market 
environment where we are witnessing an increasing level of competition from new 
incumbents both online and offline, in addition we also do not expect the high COVID test 
volume seen in FY2022 to witness the same trend in the current fiscal. This could result in 
short-term aberrations, but I do believe that given SRL’s size scale and spread we should be 
able to mitigate this as best possible. I will let Anand speak more on this in his comments. 
 
As I sum up, I believe FY2022 has made us more resilient and adaptable in our business. 
We have emerged much stronger in the aftermath of COVID and have the building blocks 
in place to maintain our growth momentum. All this of course begins within our framework 
and pursue of excellence in patient care and clinical outcomes. These have and will be 
continued to drive our performance in the future for all stakeholders. Thank you once again 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
and please stay safe and well. I shall now hand over to Anand for his thoughts on SRL. 
Thank you. 
Anand K: 
Thank you Dr. Raghuvanshi and a very good morning to everyone on the call. Personally, I 
hope that you are all safe and keeping well. On behalf of SRL Diagnostics I warmly 
welcome you all to our Q4 FY2022 results conference call. Firstly, I would like to thank 
you for your confidence and trust in SRL Diagnostics. I am pleased to report that we have 
ended the year in a strong position. This is a testament to the commitment and perseverance 
exhibited by our teams across the country. It has been reassuring to note that SRL's ability 
to consistently deliver high-standard diagnostic reports has once again been on display 
during the pandemic. Our 7000-member strong SRL family takes immense satisfaction in 
having delivered the absolute best to the citizens amidst the most challenging 
circumstances. The diagnostics industry has come a long way since the pandemic. It was 
first announced in the country in March 2020. With growing awareness on importance of 
laboratory testing and reliable reports coupled with an increasing health consciousness 
among the young population, we are witnessing an uptick in our preventive packages as 
well as non-COVID testing, chronic diseases categories and specialized portfolio. Our 
numbers reflect this as we register the highest ever non-COVID revenue in March 2022 and 
our non-COVID revenue in Q4 2022 has grown by 24% when compared to Q4 of 2021. At 
the beginning of the fiscal year, we envisaged a full recovery of non-COVID testing by end 
of FY2022 and we are pleased to confirm that Q4 2022 has been promising on this front. In 
Q4 2022, the first six weeks were affected by the Omicron wave of the pandemic which had 
an impact on Non-Covid revenues while there was a corresponding surge in COVID testing. 
The non-COVID revenues recovered significantly by March 2022. 
 
During the quarter we reported revenue of INR 332 Crores compared to INR 306 Crores in 
Q4 2021 a growth of 22%. The company EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 84 Crores 
representing a margin of 22.5% compared to 20% margin reported in Q4 of 2021. SRL 
conducted 10 million plus tests in Q4 2022 and serviced over 5 million patients. SRL added 
270 net new collection centers to its network in Q4 of FY2022 taking the total number of 
touch points to 2502. SRL’s B2C, B2B revenue mix strengthened to 54:46 in the quarter 
compared to 49:51 in Q4 of FY2021. SRL continues to witness a healthy traction in its 
walk-in patients revenue which grew by 77% in Q4 FY2022 versus Q4 of FY2021. For the 
FY2021-2022, SRL reported net revenues of INR 1605 Crores compared to Rs.1035 Crores 
reported during the FY2021, a growth of 55%. The company operating EBITDA for the 
year stood at Rs.425 Crores representing a margin of 26.5% compared to a margin of 19.3% 
reported during the previous financial year. The business served a total of over 21 million 
patients during the year compared to 11 million during FY2021. We completed 44 million 
tests during the year compared to 23 million tests performed in FY2021. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
SRL has been aggressively expanding its network and have added over 750 customer touch 
points in FY2022. We are now present in 28 states and 8 union territories and across 6000 
plus cities. The B2C, B2B revenue mix for the year was at 55:45 compared to 48:52 in 
FY2021. The business continued to have a well-diversified geographical mix with no over 
dependence on any particular region allowing it to capitalize on a pan-India network 
optimally. The regional Q4 2022 revenue contributions were 30% from the north and 
central India, 23% from west, 29% from south, 13% from east and 5% from international 
territories. Digital has been one of our priority areas in FY2022. Our app install numbers 
have grown by 8.9 lakhs in FY2022 and our website is visited 2 million times each quarter. 
Our digital revenues doubled in FY2022 compared to FY2021. As part of the digital drive 
we are also collaborating with online platforms to reach out to new customers. We have 
taken a slew of measures to improve our customer experience from live phlebotomist 
tracking to introducing smart health reports and being available on demand, on messaging 
platforms like WhatsApp, we are continually taking steps to offer the best in customer 
service. The WhatsApp chatbot especially enables customers now to book tests, get a status 
on the report, get reports delivered securely, enquire on text and also search for nearest 
center. 
 
Our goal always has been to launch diagnostic solutions that not only meets the challenges 
of today, but also anticipates future needs. We have added close to 100 tests to our test 
menu this year with a special focus on genomics in the field of cancer, reproductive 
disorders, rare diseases and inherited disorders. Our workforce of over 7000 plus employees 
across our network are the pillars of our strengths. Training continues to remain one of the 
company's key focus areas. In the last few years, SRL has progressed to bring many tailor-
made competency enhancement programs. In FY2021-2022, the company clocked 
approximately 5000 mandates of learning and development programs. I am proud of what 
we have achieved and optimistic about what we can accomplish in the FY2023. I would just 
like to once again thank all my colleagues at SRL Diagnostics for their incredible effort. We 
are committed to improve customer experience through data-driven actionable insights and 
by enabling a convenient one-stop shop for all our customers’ diagnostic needs. We are well 
positioned to continue our momentum in delivering profitable and sustainable growth in the 
coming years. Thank you very much for your attention. I would like to hand over the call 
now to Mr. Anurag Kalra, our Head of Investor Relations. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you Anand. Ladies and gentlemen, we shall now open the flow for question and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Good morning and thank you for taking my question. The first one is on the hospital 
business, so you said in March we have reached 60% plus occupancy if I recollect the 
number right, so just the outlook for fiscal 2023 in terms of where utilizations can actually 
improve, maybe you can make an assumption that, like you said, there is no subsequent 
COVID wave, so how should we look at hospital occupancy? We have had about for the 
full year growth, but I think Q4 was 6% so just wanted to understand occupancy plus what 
is the revenue growth outlook for the hospital business. I also noticed that the ARPOB is 
whatever right 1.88 for the quarter and this quarter I believe there is no COVID, I think 5%, 
6% occupancy only for COVID, so what are some of the drivers if I work the other way 
around per day I think we have reached a Rs.50,000 ARPOB per day, so just want to 
understand the dynamics on ARPOB and utilization and how that will drive revenue growth 
for fiscal 2023? That is my first question. Thank you. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: As far as the occupancy levels are concerned, we are currently tracking it about 65% and 
more in some hospitals, so we should aim to go towards 70% by the end of this year. This 
may happen in the next quarter itself because we are seeing recovery happening on the 
international segment as well, but certainly that is the target which we are working towards. 
As far as ARPOB is concerned and the factors which influenced that was essentially a 
larger mix of the procedural cases and complex cases which have higher yield, we have had 
some marginal benefits happening from some of the rate revisions in the GIPSA category, 
so this ARPOB is quite sustainable in our view though with the little bit of case mix change 
happening towards medical patients. It may get moderated a little bit downwards, but it is 
likely to sustain at this level.  
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Revenue outlook for fiscal 2023? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
If I can take Shyam this question, Vivek here, so the revenue as Dr. Raghuvanshi mentioned 
we are hovering around 65% occupancy and this will result into the increase in the revenue 
side also, so definitely from the last quarter I mean Q4 of the last financial year, we are 
targeting around 10% growth in the revenue. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
10% growth in revenue, let me be greedy, so can you also share margin guidance for fiscal 
2023 for the hospital business? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
If you see our previous quarter, last quarter was affected because of Omicron, previous 
quarter we able to achieve margins of 16% plus so we are targeting that same number this 
quarter also. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: In the Q3 Shyam, our EBITDA was about 16% plus and we expect to remain at that level or 
go higher than that. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Okay and the long-term guidance of us reaching 18% to 20%, Is that over a two-year that 
we think we can reach there? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
That remains, we are targeting that and we are moving quite okay on those targets. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. I will not hog more questions. Last one on diagnostics, Anand, just on the non-
COVID revenues Rs.305 Crores for the quarter, but I know you have not called out the 
DDRC number in that, it used to do Rs.50 Crores, Rs.60 Crores per quarter. If I strip that 
out non-COVID revenues declined, so just your outlook around non-COVID revenues? I 
think Dr. Ashutosh called out that this year 18% of revenues will be at risk given that there 
is no wave so far, so how should we look at growth for diagnostics? 
Anand K: 
The non-COVID revenue is almost similar to Q4 of 2021 if you look at like-to-like kind of 
a thing, so if you remove DDRC so including DDRC then you are seeing this growth of 
about 24%, but excluding DDRC you will see that it is almost like-to-like, so there is no 
dip. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thanks for that data point, but outlook just for fiscal 2023? 
Anand K: 
The outlook would be that we have to understand that this year FY2022 revenues we have 
about 20% of the revenue coming from COVID tests and considering that in this year we 
have also had a lot of COVID allied tests also happening especially during the Q1 of 
FY2022, so it will have a significant impact going forward in terms of overall revenue 
contribution for this year, so what we see is a healthy growth in non-COVID revenues, but 
if you want to see on overall revenues they will tend to remain in the same range and the 
growth may not be very significant on the overall business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking my question. The first question is just a clarification on the diagnostic. 
For 2023 as you had mentioned in 2022 there is COVID testing as well as some COVID 
allied test happened, so in 2023 definitely what non-COVID revenue we had reported for 
2022 we will see some dip in that because of that? 
Anand K: 
Currently we have reported Rs.1605 Crores of revenue in FY2022 out of which 20% is 
from COVID and there is about 4% to 5% contributions from COVID allied test as well to 
this, so overall if you can take about 25% is coming from COVID and this year we expect 
that the COVID contribution will range somewhere around 3% to 4% or 4% to 5% kind of 
range, so the revenue maybe very similar or around those range of what we have this year. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for this clarification, helpful. The next question is as you had mentioned about 
the guidance related to the hospital business over 10%, but you are also expecting your 
occupancy level to reach to around 70%, is it what you had said? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Sorry, not in the next quarter, occupancy level what Dr. Raghuvanshi was mentioning was 
by the year end. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, so this 65% by year end reach to 70%. On this ARPOB, as you have reached some 
specialized testing contribution to around 55%, is there any further room for improvement 
from clinical mix? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
There is room but at the same time it also depends on the facility mix which we are doing, 
so sometimes in some of that facilities the ARPOB is higher but margin may not be that 
higher, for example oncology and transplant, so from that angle the ARPOB increase is 
sustainable more or less because one important thing we could have achieved in last year is 
the payer mix where we able to shift towards the TPA and cash payer, which we expect to 
grow further and that will help improve ARPOB further plus the international business 
coming back that will also help improve ARPOB, so overall we are confident that we will 
be able to achieve this type of number in our top side. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and how much currently the international overall mix has moved and what you are 
expecting to go further? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
It is around 7% right now and our expectation is to move towards 12%. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and any color on the operational bed, is there any chances to increase the operational 
bed from the current level? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Yes, definitely because in the current financial year we are expecting to increase our 
operational bed around 250 beds okay, but there is a one contract where we have come out 
in Dehradun, there will be a reduction of bed facility, so overall around 200 beds increase 
should be there by the year end. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So around 200 beds in the operating bed improvement we will see by FY2023? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
You are right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good morning Sir and thanks for taking my question. Two questions, one pertaining to the 
previous participant’s question also I think the plans for the increase in the hospital beds 
have been really sort of tepid, so maybe not this year, but from a three years’ perspective 
what is the plan for Fortis in terms of the increasing the number of facilities or number of 
beds from where we are because earlier we were of the assumption that there is a lot of 
Brownfield capacity which can be undertaken within the overall system which will cause a 
good increase in the number of beds, but we are just talking about 200 to 300 beds which is 
really low compared to the size of operations that we run, that is number one. Second is on 
the operating margins now again the company has been under the new management for a 
while now, but we are still very much behind despite very high ARPOB numbers, we are 
still very much behind some of our peers in terms of where we have been able to reach in 
terms of EBITDA margins, so are there levers that you see which are still present for 
catching up with some of the other peers, are there any problems structural in our business 
model which is causing us to be at a distance compared to our peers in terms of the 
margins? These are my two questions. 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
First of all on the expansion side we are well on our plan for expansion, which is the 
guidance we have given earlier and on execution side we are on top of it. Last year also we 
were able to achieve 120 beds and current year there is a plan to increase another 250 beds, 
the beds which we are saying will be shut down is a non-profit making unit in Dehradun 
and we had planned to exit and we have exited. Having said that 1300 to 1500 Brownfield 
bed expansion is online. Out of this 1500, 600 beds is a ramp up of the existing facility so 
that we will be doing, the bed capacity we have built but we have not operationalized the 
bed and we are opening up the bed as per the market condition and balance is the sort of 
Brownfield, but there we are building a new tower, where you know approval kind of 
structural and everything need to be designed and need to sync with the existing operations 
of the hospital, and as a result initially it takes some time and once it is designed properly 
and then the execution may not take much time, so designing part is a very critical part here 
because overall hospital need to be taken care of. So from that angle, it was planned like 
this also and we are well on target on that. As regard your other question on margin, 
margins we tend to not compare ourselves with other first of all, because all business 
models are different, they are operating in different geographies and the company dynamics 
are different. For example, in our case as I mentioned in several calls we are having some 
legacy cost still coming on, because of this ongoing legal battle we are having because of 
the fraud conducted on this entity by the ex-promoter and secondly there are certain new 
hospitals like the Arcot Road, we have started newly, and which is at the stabilization phase 
and initially this hospital is incurring loss and there are three to four hospitals which we 
have related earlier also which on the revival path and we are making very good progress. 
Earlier these hospitals where EBITDA negative and we have now moved to almost double-
digit EBITDA number on these hospitals and there is a scope going forward, but this is a 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
gradual process and it will not happen immediately. Most of our operating hospitals are at 
20% less EBITDA margin that is quite encouraging which will be compared with the other 
industry players. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
On the first question if we are at around 3500 right now, what is the target to reach let us 
say from a three-year perspective and on the second question again the same thing if we are 
talking about achieving 16% odd next year where do we want to reach in the next two, three 
years? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Right now we have 4000 beds and we are targeting to reach it to as I said in next five years 
to 1500 beds and probably next three years to 5000 beds. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay and on margins? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
And margin side as I mentioned earlier from 16%, in the next two years if you are asking 
we will be reaching around 18% and if you are talking about five years we will be about 
20%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood Sir, any update on the legal case if you can provide us any update on that case it 
is going on? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: We have not received the verdict on the Supreme Court case, currently again the court has 
gone in recess. We expect that after this it should come because more than a year has 
passed. We will certainly be making a mention in the bench once the court is back from its 
recess. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Thank you for taking my question. The question is in FY2022 how much operational beds 
we have increased? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
120 beds. 
Ranvir Singh: 
At which location? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
One is in Shalimar Bagh and others in Arcot Road we have added, and a little bit in 
Ludhiana we have place like that, in Jaipur we have a place like that, so as I mentioned 
earlier we have around 600 beds in our system which are ready to be operationalized, but 
we are planning depending on the market condition, occupancy level on those hospitals and 
things like that. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Ranvir Singh: 
The hospital at Chennai in Vadapalani that was 250 beds, that hospital was supposed to get 
consolidated so that has been consolidated now? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Yes, that has been operationalized but the 250 beds we have not opened immediately, so we 
are operationalizing as the hospital is renting the bed occupancy level, so right now around 
75 beds are operational. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So contribution of 75 beds are there in Q4 numbers right? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
You are right, EBITDA is still negative that is what I was telling for earlier question. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay fine and so going forward what we are guiding 200 beds roughly to be added in 2023 
that is related to Dehradun, so in addition to that, the part of 600 beds which is lying to be 
operationalized that will also come up in the system right? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Yes. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Any idea about what would be the total operational beds by end of 2023 including this out 
of the existing beds which are going to the operationalized? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Around 4200 beds. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay and secondly that litigation related to that Emqore, what is the status there? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
That is a litigation somebody had filed outside India and our legal council has represented 
that. The claim had no merits because the matter is outstanding, in fact we have filed case 
against that entity in Delhi High Court, so we have a very strong case and we feel there is 
no merit in that litigation. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay and earlier the SEBI had disposed of that case against a statutory auditor, so any part 
of litigation is bearing to promoters of Fortis also? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
You are talking about the SEBI investigation and order after that? 
Ranvir Singh: 
Yes. 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
SEBI has come out with its final order actually and they have imposed penalties on ex-
promoter and their entities, and they have also imposed penalty on Fortis and two of its 
subsidiary FHsL and Escort. The total penalty amount is Rs.2.5 Crores and the main thing 
SEBI has mentioned in its order is there was a sort of misrepresentation in the account 
during that period when promoter was controlling this entity and they have understood that 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
they have used this entity for their benefit, but as a separate legal entity because company 
was used for this fraud and the accounts of the company were giving misleading 
presentation in the form of not showing the related audit and different things like that so 
they have imposed this penalty, but we are planning to maybe litigate this, we are 
evaluating the legal course of action and will be litigated. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So litigation will continue from Fortis side on this issue or this issue has been resolved 
now? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
The penalty amount has been sort of fixed now at Rs.2.5 Crores, so we are litigating that 
there should not be any penalty because we are the victim of this case. There is new 
management, new promoter, new shareholders, so why the new shareholder should be 
punished, so that is why we are fighting this case. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay, just a clarity here because one case was related to improper payment through 
erstwhile promoter so that the investigation and statutory auditor was related to that permit 
or this is a separate set of litigation? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
This is the same thing, the statutory auditor has refused to sign the account in 2017 and for 
that the SEBI thing has started, then the new directors have been appointed by the 
shareholders. They have done a thorough investigation and based on the investigation and 
the finding of E&Y and Luthra & Luthra Partners, we have filed a criminal complaint also 
against the ex-promoter and their entity and we have filed a civil suit also, so the recovery 
circuiting is going on. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So the litigation is from company’s board against erstwhile promoter right? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Yes, erstwhile promoter and their entities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir one question I was thinking what kind of cost 
pressures in general you are seeing for both your hospital and diagnostic business and are 
you in a position to pass that and net-net these inflationary pressures, is it like positive, 
negative or neutral for both the businesses? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
In general, there is a cost pressure because of the inflation, as we see the inflation is going 
up so is the wages and other costs, transportation cost also. For the expansion some of our 
equipments are imported, because of Rupee depreciation that cost is also going up. We are 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
able to absorb some of this cost through price increase and the mixed increase in the 
ARPOB as I mentioned going towards higher payers, but having said that we feel this 
pressure will continue going forward also and we have to figure out how to absorb this cost. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
You would say at the margin this is negative for both the businesses? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
When I was giving the guidance, I have taken care of this inflationary thing and that is the 
reason I was not very bullish about the margins when the other gentleman was asking. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
You mentioned about the diagnostic industry with the new entrants coming, setting up some 
large targets, what is your view about the industry’s competitive dynamics and how is SRL 
planning to respond to that and if you can just take us through, you have done some 
significant expansion in touch points, etc, so how should we think about let us say organic 
expansion of touch points, labs or even acquisition, anything that you want to share from a 
strategic perspective given that the segment is seeing I think there is a lot of changes it 
seems are happening here. 4650 
Anand K: 
Thank you. As we all know SRL is a full service laboratory, so we operate across all 
segments. We have collection centers, we have home collection, we have digital networks 
for reaching out and we also have hospitals labs that we operate, so I think to expand across 
these segments we have been aggressively working on improving our network expansion 
strategies across geographies so that is why across the last six months if you see every 
month we have been adding close to 100 customer touch points into our network. Apart 
from that we are also working on how we can improve our relationships with hospitals and 
smaller labs. We are working on hospital and standalone lab management projects also to 
expand in that space. While at the same time we also revamp and improve our capabilities 
on the digital front so that we can give a complete digital experience for our customers, so 
that thing is also going on. In the parallel, we also work with the digital aggregators, the 
aggregators who operate in the preventive space, so basically the aggregators work mostly 
in the direct to consumer segment which means on those tests where the patients or the 
consumers take decisions by themselves, so on those tests based on their requirements many 
of these aggregators tie up with labs like us. We provide the backend services for them, just 
the testing services, so these are the various activities that we do which we expand across all 
these segments. Apart from this, we are also evaluating options for inorganic expansion as 
well across the geographies that we work in, so we are evaluating some opportunities and 
we will be working on them. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
On the pricing front, our prices coming down what are you seeing on ground, because we 
see a lot of competitive offers by new entrants, so are we set for a lower price higher 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
volume kind of a business, how should we think about? What is your assessment as to 
where the margins are headed for this business over the next two, three years? 
Anand K: 
This business as we have seen over the last so many years is largely driven by doctors and 
their prescriptions, so almost you can say about 60% to 70% of our work is driven by 
doctors, so the direct to consumer segment as I discussed earlier as well works mostly in the 
wellness category and that too the wellness, sort of budget wellness as you can say, because 
the price points are much lesser and where patients take decisions for themselves and some 
of the chronic segments where patients do testing by themselves, things related to diabetes 
so only those segments patients would be very price conscious and there would be 
opportunities for price reduction. We have also realized that these price offers are limited 
for a period of time and they are very geography specific, so even when we launch new labs 
into new territories, we also make offers, bundled offers to our customers so that it 
encourages them to experience our services. A laboratory is not something that we are 
going to think about every day, so no amount of prodding is going to make you go and do a 
test even if I offer it free, unless there is a specific requirement. This requirement today is 
largely driven by doctors and the acute and chronic portfolio if you see is much higher. 
Even today for SRL, the preventive illness is only ~6% of our total revenue, so you should 
take it that way. There is a huge area of acute and chronic diseases which are our primary 
markets which will continue to thrive in the way it is doing now. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, so this 22% to 23% margin you think is sort of sustainable given your business 
model and plans that you have? 
Anand K: 
Yes, around that range. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Just one question I had, I remember initially when IHH came in, there was this thought of 
using the SRL platform for international test volumes using the IHH network, is there any 
plan on that front? Is that something given all the infrastructure that you have to sort of 
utilize it better? 
Anand K: 
I think we are evaluating all options, so we are making plans for that, we are discussing on 
that. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Can you just share the capex number that we should factor in for FY2023 and 2024? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
FY2023 we are targeting around Rs.400 Crores capex which includes maintenance and 
growth capex, so you can allocate 50:50% for both. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir my question is regarding the hospital profitability 
metrics that you have shared, in this we have about 10 hospitals which are in the less than 
15% range in fact eight of them are below the 10% EBITDA margin range and that is a 
reasonable chunk of our operational beds as well as revenues. When you look through the 
next year or so where do you see some of these numbers really moving in terms of how 
many of these 10 hospitals will be actually seen getting into at least in the 15%, 20% 
bracket range and are there any specific hospitals where these kind of improvements look a 
lot more difficult than the others? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
We are working on this to be very honest and there are four to five hospitals which may 
remain in this category still because of the problem these hospitals are having. For example 
the hospital in Chennai Malar one, it is having its own problem relating to infrastructure and 
the market-related challenge there. We are not expecting it to be revived, but some of these 
hospitals like right now the FEHI and Jaipur are there, so both the hospitals are showing 
very good sign and we expect this to move not in the current year maybe next year to the 
double digit EBITDA margin type of things. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
You mentioned there are about four or five hospitals which seem to be struggling, is there 
any thought to look at any sort of strategic options for these hospitals or they will continue 
to be part of our network despite these challenges? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
We are evaluating all options. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: Of course, there has to be adequate and fair effort to turnaround the problem as such, but if 
that is not to be then obviously the rationalization is something which we are very open to 
and we would take those decisions at the right time and we are evaluating how to go about 
it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
My questions have been answered. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, currently we have around 3900 beds, is that right? 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Around 4000 beds. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right, so total Brownfield and Greenfield expansion, as you said that Greenfield will be 
expanded by 200 beds and then there will be a Brownfield addition, am I right or I heard it 
wrong? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Not really, we are having only Brownfield expansion program not any Greenfield right 
now. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Okay, so that is 200 beds for next year? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: There is one O&M project which we are going to commission in this year, but that is the 
beds we do not count. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. Sir have you benchmarked on a hospital facility wise surrounding hospitals in the 
city or the vicinity and are there any takeaways from that like-to-like basis if you see and if 
you just remove the expenses from the corporate case and legal expenses, etc., have you 
benchmarked existing portfolio vis-a-vis comparable facilities around? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
We do that exercise on a regular basis at the hospital level and benchmark the competition 
also and as I mentioned in my earlier comments that in most of the facilities we are quite 
competitive when we compare ourselves with our competition and there are a very few 
hospitals which we have discussed in the last question, four to five hospitals, where there 
are some other structural problems may be cost related, may be infrastructure related, may 
be market related, so that is the only place where we are struggling but most of the places 
we are doing quite okay when we compare ourselves with the competition. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. What is the strategy of Greenfield expansion, like how would you select various 
cities or localities, can you just highlight some parameters on selecting the same? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: Greenfield is not a preferred way of expanding for us that is a last option. The only situation 
or circumstances in which we would choose a Greenfield would be that if there is a cluster 
where there is a very potential future site, if I have to give an example, the north Bangalore 
area has less hospitals so that would be one area where we could consider a Greenfield 
hospital. So, it has to be a growth area, it has to be an area where the Greenfield properties 
are available and then only we will consider. Otherwise it will have to be a Brownfield or 
an organic model only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Kunal R from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Kunal R: 
Good morning and thanks for this opportunity. Sir most of my questions are answered but 
just one question, several of your peers have very strong balance sheets now and we have 
seen a lot of improvement in your balance sheet also, are there enough acquisition 
opportunities available or do we sort of run the risk of you overpaying for it or if you 
acquire hospitals that are maybe not most efficiently run then there is a pressure on your 
margins going ahead, how should we look at things? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: Obviously any assets we evaluate we would look at various types of synergy and improving 
the performance from the base level whatever is there today and that is of prime concern. 
Though we are looking for expansion but we would definitely be very mindful of how these 
valuations are sitting, so if there is an extremely competitive kind of situation where people 
are maybe willing to pay a reasonably high amount for an asset we would not be in that 
again, but definitely there are many assets which will become available. For us, what is the 
most important criteria is first as I said that we should be able to synergize it with our 
existing network which means that it has to be in the main geographic clusters which we 
have identified namely the NCR region, Punjab and Mumbai and larger metropolitan region 
and Maharashtra, and then we would look at Bangalore and Kolkata where we have 
presence. So, within these clusters if there are opportunities where we can derive synergies 
from our human resources and all other systems there only we will prefer to go. 
Kunal R: 
Sure Sir and maybe just pardon my ignorance here. I see that 21% of your hospital revenues 
have come from digital channel, what constitutes digital revenues here, is it mainly 
outpatient or was it pharmacy revenues or what exactly is it? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: No, the digital revenues or digital channel patients could come for procedures, they could 
come for admission, etc. that is just we look at digital as only a channel of patient flow. 
Yes, there are outpatient consultations, but we do not have any pharmacy supplies or 
anything like that. If they are coming to the hospital and they are using our pharmacy that 
revenue may be getting counted here as well, but it is essentially the inpatient as well as 
outpatient revenue put together on the patients which are acquired through the digital 
channel. In the CRM, it is separated out as to which channels the patients are coming from 
and those who access us through the website or the app or external apps those are our 
digital revenue. 
Kunal R: 
Sure Sir. Just last one, it has been two months since the government has allowed all 
international flights in India, so where would you be now? Would that be pre-COVID levels 
as far as medical tourism goes? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: We have almost recovered to about 70% to 80% of pre-COVID levels in terms of 
international patients. We expect that to recover complete 10% level which was pre-COVID 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
and then go ahead of that and settle somewhere around 12% to 13% of our total revenues. 
Before pandemic, we used to have about 10% of our revenues coming from international 
patients. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Just one question on diagnostics, you 
mentioned about collaborating with online aggregators. Could you shed some light on what 
is the difference in the margin profile on the business that you see from these digital 
aggregators versus your normal business? 
Anand K: 
Thanks. We treat such opportunities as similar to how we handle our regular B2B clients, so 
this will be similar to that the way we handle other B2B clients. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it, so these would also come in the 22% to 23% kind of range? 
Anand K: 
Overall, it will be similar to our B2B customers so it will not be out of range. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it and you had earlier guided for the last few quarters around 23% to 25% kind of a 
range for the diagnostic business. Would you stand by that guidance right now or would 
you like to revise that in the light of competition? 
Anand K: 
I think in the last year also during our previous calls we have guided around 22% to 23%, 
so we will remain in that range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Khandelwal from Bullero 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Khandelwal: 
Good afternoon everyone. One quick question, to what extent does the impending Supreme 
Court judgment have a bearing on existing expansion plan or fundraising plans and also are 
there any thoughts on what the open offer price is likely to be which are going to remain at 
170 or would IHH be compelled to revise it higher, would you have any clarity on that? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
This Supreme Court thing is definitely has a bearing on our fundraising ability. Having said 
that, we are able to raise an attractive quality bank and our rating as mentioned by Dr. 
Raghuvanshi in the beginning got also upgraded and we are now enjoying higher rating in 
short term and AA minus rating in the long term. We expect that based on the rating, there 
is further scope to go up. With that and status quo of Supreme Court going away will help 
in attracting some more quality banker and that will ultimately help us in reducing the cost. 
Having said that, our requirement is not much for fundraising for this Brownfield expansion 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
and the cash flow is quite strong and with those cash flows and the support from the 
existing bank we will be able to manage all this cash flow. Regarding your second question, 
I think this is to be decided by IHH and we are not supposed to be having any view about 
this. 
Varun Khandelwal: 
Just one more followup question, for some of your existing facilities I believe there is more 
space available as per the FSI issues applicable to those areas. I think for a place like 
Gurgaon, it has some room for potential improvement, is that still the case or have you 
already expanded and consumed those potential beds that could have been built? 
Vivek Kumar Goyal: 
Whenever we are doing the Brownfield expansion, we are keeping the existing available 
FSI and trying to optimize that to the extent as possible. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Tushar M from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar M: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just on diagnostic side, given that the online guys are coming 
up with significantly lower prices and at the same time there is a good amount of traction in 
terms of better service to the customers, is that putting a question mark in terms of having a 
like physical front-end presence as a business model? 
Anand K: 
Thanks Tushar. In fact if you have seen my presentation, we have actually grown on the 
walk-in front significantly compared to the previous quarter. The walk-in into the center is 
also significantly growing while home collection will also continue and the digital will be 
primarily driven through home collections, but otherwise walk-ins will continue and they 
will have a very good impact because the last mile connectivity is provided by these centers 
and so these centers will have a very key role in overall growth of the company. 
Tushar M: 
Got it, so volume-wise probably there is not too much of a difference, but at a pricing level? 
Anand K: 
At the pricing level also there is no difference. 
Tushar M: 
Okay and secondly, these online guys are also kind of trying to build up their own 
diagnostics lab, of course the network is currently not so strong as the existing company 
like you, but eventually even they are also kind of building it so why would anyone kind of 
tie up with SRL Diagnostics going forward not in the immediate term but as a long term? 
Anand K: 
The kind of test menu that large labs like us have which is in the range of 4000 plus tests, it 
is not comparable and it is built over a long period of time. We have been in existence for 
26 years now and it has been built over a long period of time and we have a large referral 

 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
laboratories across the country, so replicating this infrastructure is not possible in a short 
term, so that is going to be a very important factor. These kind of focused digital marketing 
will happen more on the routine tests, which are more self-driven and it will not be more of 
a doctor driven test, so for those tests you will require a larger infrastructure which you will 
have to build across different parts of the country to serve and compete and provide services 
as per the TAT requirements of those customers in those areas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you ladies and gentlemen for taking the time to be with us on the call today. If there 
are any followup queries or questions, please feel free to reach out to Gaurav or myself, we 
will be more than happy to address those. Thank you once again and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Fortis Healthcare that concludes the conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
