 
 
 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
Quarter and Year ending 31 March 2022. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
https://youtu.be/sr0upaBvX80 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Murugesh
Digitally signed by 
Murugesh 
Date: 2022.05.31 
12:36:45 +05'30'

I[] PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
"Page Industries Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call" 
May 26, 2022 
I[] PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V. S. GANESH - CEO 
MR. K. CHANDRASEKAR - CFO 
MR. GAGAN SEHGAL - CHIEF SALES OFFICER 
MR. RAIIUL SHUKLA- CHIEF RETAIL OFFICER 
Page 1 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Moderator: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Page Industries Limited Q4 FY22 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. V. S. Ganesh - CEO, Page Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Thank you so much. And good evening, everybody and hope all of you are doing fme. It is my 
pleasure to be with all of you today and look forward to our interactions today. 
At the outset, I am delighted to inform you that we have registered a robust sales growth which 
is aided by good growth across all our product categories. The growth was broadly based across 
distribution, modem trade, and e-com. The enablers for this growth are retail expansion, new 
product introductions, focus on digital initiatives, the innovations which we had on overall on 
inner business and the agile supply chain. 
Our Q4 revenue grew by 26.2% year-on-year. The volume grew by 8.7% year-on-year. FY22 
revenue grew 37.2% year-on-year with a strong year-on-year volume growth of28.9%. Assets 
as of end March we are present in 110,548 MBOs and 1,131 EBOs and we continue to 
aggressively grow our retail footprint. 
I'm happy to inform you that the supply chain is back on track despite having huge challenges 
during the last two years. During the quarter, we also faced a very high inflation rate trend, which 
impacted nearly all the costs, including the price of cotton, packaging, logistics. However, we 
delivered better margins due to measured price increase and of course backed by strong budget 
and expense control measures and optimum use of our inventories. 
Our expansion plans are very much in line with accelerated sales growth that we are seeing. This 
is also supplemented by strengthening our relationship with our supply chain partners, B2E our 
raw material supply partners and the garment supply partners. We will continue to focus on 
growing all categories as each one of them has a tremendous potential to grow. 
As regards our retail expansion, we will continue to have equal focus for tier-3 and 4 towns as 
we have for metros and for tier-I and tier-2. I'm also very happy to inform you that our speedo 
business has now started to pick up and it's getting back on track, as the pools are now getting 
opened up. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the 27K plus team members of ours for all the hard 
work which they have done to deliver such an amazing result. Our channel partners were 
working very closely with us during these very challenging times and to our supply partners 
without whose help our supply chain would not have been in this situation, and it has seen a very 
quick recovery. Overall, it was a fabulous performance by the team, and we are thankful to all 
the team associates for contributing to where we are today. 
Page 2 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
K. Chandrasekar: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Moderator: 
Gaurav Jagani: 
The outlook continues to look very, very bullish, and we are firing all cylinders to continue and 
sustain our growth. I look forward to your questions after CFO gives further insights on our Q4 
financial performance and the FY 21-22 performance. I'm also joined by Mr. Gagan Sehgal our 
Chief Sales Officer and by Mr. Rahul Shukla our Chief Retail Officer, who will be more than 
happy to answer any questions that you may have in their domain. Thank you once again for 
joining into the call today and I will now request Mr. K. Chandrasekar to take you through the 
Q4 financial results and the full year financial results for FY22, over to you KC. 
Thank you, Mr. Ganesh. 
Welcome once again to the Page earnings call and I'm extremely happy to report the best ever 
performance in a financial year again by Page the best top line and bottom line in history. In Q4 
we have about Rs.11,111 million revenues, which compares with about Rs.8,808 million Q4 of 
last year, a growth of about 26.2%. The EBITDA has been at 24%, which is Rs.2,671 million 
and compares with Rs.1,698 million oflast year Q4. This is a growth of57.3%. As far as the Q4 
PAT is concerned, it is again 17.1%, which is Rs.1,905 million compared with Rs.1,156 in Q4 
oflast year. This is again a growth ofnearly 65%. The gross margins, as we compute to post the 
subcontract costs and direct manufacturing costs are at 43.1 % as compared with about 44% in 
Q4 of last year so more or less we are maintaining the gross margins, even in Q4. For the full 
year FY22, the revenues are best ever as I said Rs. 38,865 million compared with Rs.28,330 
million, which is a growth of37.2%. The EBITDA is 20.2% compared with 18.6% ofFY21. In 
absolute terms it is Rs.7,855 million and compares with Rs.5,266 million of last year and this 
again is a growth of 49.2%. FY22 PAT is at Rs.5,365 million, which is 13.8% and compares 
with Rs,3,406 million oflast year, a growth of 57.5%. The last year PAT was 12%. The gross 
margins for the whole of the year is 40.1% which compares favorably with 40.9% in FY21. The 
cash equivalent at the end of March 22 is down at Rs.2,835 million, which compares with 
Rs.4,350 million at the end oflast year. This year we have built up inventory levels and we have 
been investing in good quality inventory. We are purchasing ahead and with the fluctuation in 
the raw material costs we have been investing in inventory. The liquidity continues to be robust 
and very strong as usual. The networking capital because of inventory at the end of March 2022, 
went up to Rs.6,317 million comparing with Rs.5,128 million at the end of March 2021 and the 
networking capital days has actually come down because of revenues to about 60 days. Inventory 
has gone up to about Rs.9,749 million as against Rs.5,549 million at the end of March 2021. 
This is again, 92 days against 71. We are happy with the kind of inventory buildup, which is 
defmitely a lever for giving us the growth in Ql and beyond. With that, I hand over the session 
for Q&A please. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Gaurav Jagani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
My first question is with regards to, the change in inventory figure in the Q4 numbers. If you 
see the change inventory goods, it's around Rs.153 odd crores. My question is with regards to 
how much of this has helped us the low-priced inventory and helped us in margin expansion in 
Q4 and how much inventory do we have, as you mentioned, that will help us in QI as well? 
Page 3 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
V.S. Ganesh: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Gaurav Jagani: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
Moderator: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks for asking that question. During the pandemic, we had to dig into inventory reserves, 
because we did have operational issues. The factories were not operational or outsourcing vendor 
partners were not fully operational and there were disruptions in even raw material supply chain. 
Like many other industries we were digging to our inventories, and we had to rebuild, and there 
were also tremendous growth, which we saw. So, when we were increasing our capacities, the 
sales was also keeping similar pace. We had to aggressively rebuild our inventory and that's 
where we are seeing this healthy sign. I should thank the entire supply chain team for working 
together and as Mr. Chandrasekar rightly said, this is the strategic move wherein we are seeing 
huge potential we thought it is good to invest on inventory. Most of this buildup is on very 
healthy inventory where the bias is more on the core strikes of ours which are the hikes and 
insights. We also have built up some strategic stock as far as raw material is concerned. This is 
to enable us to insulate to some extent from the volatile input price and the inflationary pressures 
which we are facing as far as the inputs are concerned, especially in cotton. This is really helping 
us for Ql as well, because we now don't have the kind of sales loss or the opportunity losses, 
which we had in the past because of lack of supplies even though we did good numbers. This is 
actually helping us to build the momentum and bring in more overall efficiency to the system. 
KC, you want to add anything. 
I think that's perfect and there is nothing more to add to this, unless you have further question 
Mr. Jogani. 
Yes. I have just one follow-up question on this actually. If you can just help us, how much of 
the price increases have you taken further in Q4 beyond the 8% price increase you announced 
in December and just an add on to this is that, given the raw material stock that we have, would 
we need further pricing increases to be taken given the inflationary pressure seen in the cotton 
prices in Q4 and Q l now? 
We didn't have any further price increase other than what we had in December, we have 
maintained the price and we are closely monitoring the situation. So, there is so much we can 
build as far as strategic stock is concerned and as KC rightly ensured the number of days of 
inventory is around 90 days. So, it's not that it will help us for in the long term. We have been 
closely monitoring the situation. If there's a need, we will be touching the prices to ensure that 
EBITDA is around the 20%, 21% mark. However, I should thank the efforts taken by the teams 
as regards rationalizing the expenses that are concerned, the budgetary controls which are put in 
place, all this is partially helping us. But what we are seeing as far as input prices are concerned 
is very unprecedented. So far things are under control, but we are closely monitoring the 
situation. 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from MK Global Financial Services, 
please go ahead. 
Just wanted to check out our gross margins have dropped by about 200 basis points in Q4, but 
still our EBITDA margins have expanded by nearly 500 basis points. What are the cost savings 
that we have achieved in Q4 if you can throw some light on that? 
Page 4 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Moderator: 
AviMehta: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
AviMehta: 
Q4 is largely driven by the price increase of about 8% in the end of Q3. The gross margins are 
as I told you about 43% in Q4 and about 40% for the year as a whole. 40% is also, there is a 
shadow of the Ql about 40-45 days was pandemic affected in Ql ofFY22. Typically, if you go 
historically when I talk of gross profit, it includes material consumed and then the subcontract 
costs and the other manufacturing direct costs like labor and so on. We are quite happy with 
about 40% gross margin historically that has been achieved and as V.S. Ganesh has said about 
20% to 21 % EBITDA margin is also obtained So, does it answer your question? 
No sir, my question was slightly different. I was talking about our gross margins in Q4 are at 
about 43% versus 45% last year, while our EBITDA margins in Q4 are at 24% versus 19% last 
year. Despite a hundred basis points decreasing the gross margins our EBITDA margins have 
actually expanded by about 500 basis points. 
True. So that is a good question. Because of the much higher volume we have in Q4 this year, 
obviously the OPEX as a percentage of the revenue has gone down and we also not letting the 
OPEX go haywire. We keep a strict control of the OPEX. These are basically better recoveries 
compared with last year, where the revenues are very much lower. 
Also, if you can share the volume growth for the quarter end and full year? 
The volume for last year I mean the Q4 of last year was 46 and the volumes for this year Q4 is 
50. The volumes for the full year, last year was 148 and this year it is 191. 
In addition to this, we are coming out of two years of pandemic. This has seen a change in our 
revenue mix also. As a one-time exercise, so I would request if we can share the mix of men, 
women athleisure, kids Speedo etc. for full-year FY22, if that's possible? 
You know this, in terms of the category mix, we do not publish. The mix hasn't significantly 
changed is something which I can tell you. During the lockdown periods, some of the athleisure 
mix would have changed, e-commerce mix would have been better, but in terms of product 
category mix it has by and large been the same because if one were to look at the growth of each 
of these categories, they have been nearly uniform across the non-pandemic months of the past 
two years. 
The next question is from the line of A vi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
From whatever I heard till now, there does not seem to be any one off in the 4Q numbers. In that 
case, would you not expect for FY23 being higher than the 2021 normalized range and more 
closer to the 24% seen in 4Q? 
Mr. Mehta, are you talking about the EBITDA margins? 
Yes, EBITDA margins? 
Page 5 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
V.S. Ganesh: 
AviMehta: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
AviMehta: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
Moderator: 
NihalJham: 
Well, EBITDA margin we need to as we discussed some time back, it is something we need to 
look at very closely based on the input costs. There is huge pressure there and we actually may 
have to touch prices if there is a need to do that. So, we are closely monitoring the situation and 
as a brand, we always want to make sure that we are a value for money brand giving superior 
products to our consumer and make sure that its value for money for our consumers. We will be 
balancing between the two and having a close look at it. Whether we can maintain this current 
number is something it's beyond our control, the market forces we need to keep a close watch 
on it. So that is what we actually are doing. If there is a need, we may touch the prices. 
Okay. The reason why I said is you said demand was bullish. I mean you've been very clear. 
Heartening to see, but that's why I was just assuming that logically the pressure on margins 
should be lesser, it seems like that, and you have inventory also. Unless is it that, what we used 
to see pre-COVID 4Q used to be a seasonally higher margin because of the way distribution 
channels work, is that what has panned out or should we kind of start as not looking at quarterly 
numbers, looking more at the 4Q numbers? I mean, just trying to understand so that we can 
better understand the way we should kind of analyze it as we move forward. That was the only 
reason why I was, posing this question. 
There are two things which you actually touched upon, so just to clarify historically our QI is 
the best quarter and Q4 is subdued. We have had an amazing quarter Q4, but generally, if you 
see, so even though last this Q4 was the historic second best QI is generally our best quarter you 
know and that is one aspect and the other aspect, which you talked about is partially true yes, 
the demand is good and as KC rightly said sometime back, this will enable us in ensuring better 
absorption of cost, but we need to keep a close watch on the raw material prices because whether 
it can or operational efficiencies and cost controls, whether it can offset this pressure is 
something only time can answer. 
Any number you could give that the only last question just bookkeeping, any number on what is 
the inflation like or what incremental price hike do we need based on whatever has happened on 
cotton? Just understanding because we don't have an idea, or we are not able to appreciate how 
much the yam prices would have gone up given that it's not an open market? 
Mr. Mehta if I look at last 14 months, the yam prices have actually doubled. That is what 
triggered the two price increases which we were forced to do, like any other brand. With that 
and with all the measures we had taken internally we were able to manage, but we are still seeing 
further upward trend in prices, certain things we have factored in our budgets. If this continues, 
then we may be forced to have a relook at it. 
The next question is from the line ofNihal Jham from Edelweiss, please go ahead. 
Three questions from my side first, I just wanted to clarify to an earlier question that in terms of 
the cost initiatives is it possible to share what has been the change in our sales and marketing 
spends? Because looking at other expenses it looks like maybe that is an item which could have 
been controlled this quarter. 
Page 6 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
V.S. Ganesh: 
NihalJham: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Not exactly because we have always made sure that the spend on sales and marketing is not 
curtailed to a great extent because the traction is so high, as you can see with our results that we 
are performing very well and there is also quite a lot which we need to spend, as far as the store's 
paraphernalia are concerned to support. These are things as we keep doing the retail expansions 
these are things which we don't stifle because these are very essential for the brand and to 
actually capture the shelf space. So, we are monitoring the marketing expenses very closely. 
Yes, that is right, but we are not reducing it or controlling it because we are very bullish about 
the market and the growth. There is no need for us to stifle that, what we have done is to bring 
in operational efficiencies wherein how can we produce more with less cost, scope for 
automation, how can we enable the leadership to manage with less management workforce. So, 
we have got leaner and smarter on those fronts and we also looked at other discretionary spends 
like travel and other things, which we are making sure that it's all done very essential and we 
have very strong budget controls put in place now wherein those spends, which are discretionary 
in nature are well controlled and all essential spends, wherever required we are going forward 
and doing it, including spending to strengthen our leadership. In fact, I'm happy to inform you 
that we now have on boarded a CPO to our organization, Mr. Ravi Kumar, our Chief Peoples 
Officer, because as an organization we feel we need to strengthen these areas. We need a good 
mentor, guide and coach and as we keep expanding our businesses or leadership, further require 
strengthening and our current leaders needs to be building up their competencies. We are looking 
at Mr. Ravi's contribution on that front wherein he can strengthen the company further, as far as 
creating the culture of learning and development is concerned, culture of customer focus is 
concerned and also to build competencies in our leadership and our workforce. So, we are not 
holding ourselves back. 
That's helpful. My second question was that over the last couple of years, we've added around 
45 to 50,000 retail counters. Wanted to get a sense of how the traction has been in terms of 
productivity and repeat orders from these counters. Also, what is the universal size that we 
estimate because the numbers vary from say 2 lakhs to 4 lakhs outlets, but just wanted to get a 
sense from your analysis what's the number that could potentially be for Page? 
Gagan you want to take that? 
Sure Mr. Ganesh. Thanks so much for the question, Mr. Jhatn. Actually, this is, I think one thing 
which as an organization we are very excited about, the entire expansion in retail because your 
question is so right about the productivity. I think we took a bet during the first year of pandemic 
when we opened over 14,000 outlets and these outlets contributed quite significantly to our 
overall top line. Especially with people moving back to tier-3, tier-4 and our entire distribution 
expansion has been keeping in mind where there is an opportunity. It is not an expansion just 
that has happened because we want to expand, and we want to reach a certain number. It is 
actually bottoms up, where we feel that, the customer base is there, but our presence is somewhat 
lesser than what it should be with a strategic thought process we go and open outlet there. Also 
keeping in mind, can this outlet justify the brand jockey, right? Because we are a premium brand, 
so keeping that in mind, this distribution expansion has been done and the repeat order has been 
over 80%. So, the good thing is that all these outlets have come back and not only given repeat 
Page 7 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
NihaIJham: 
Moderator: 
Saumil Mehta: 
K Chandrasekar: 
V.S. Ganesh: 
K Chandrasekar: 
Saumil Mehta: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
orders for the ranges that they have been opened with, but for the other categories and further 
range, right? So, their productivity in fact in the second year has been excellent. The growth has 
been much higher compared to the same store because obviously these are new outlets and we've 
just added them. So, we are very excited about this because it is giving us good results. What 
should be the actual base, our strategies that we serve our outlets ourselves through direct 
distribution, we are not into wholesale. As and when the outlets have grown, our manpower has 
also grown significantly, right? But I can confidently say that the scope is there, and we will 
strategically look at it where we can expand more. I don't see any reason why we should not take 
it to upper a lakh and 50,000 outlets in the next couple of years, if that answers your question. 
Sure does. I have a few more. Maybe I'll come back in the queue. 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Mehta from Kotak Life, please go ahead. Mr. Mehta, 
your line is in talk mode. Please go ahead with your question. 
Most of the questions have been answered, just one question, one of the previous participants 
asked, if I look at other expense for this quarter is about 11 %. The annualized used to be about 
16%, 17%. So, what particular overheads and you also mentioned A&P spends have not been 
cut. So, I'm trying to understand what kind of other expenses have seen a moderation in this 
quarter and is this going to be the new run rate for FY23-24, or we should expect a much more 
normalized 16%, 17% other expenses? 
I can take that Mr. Ganesh. 
Yes,Mr.KC. 
There is no moderation as far the overhead is concerned because we are in a differently this year 
in Q4 as far as the revenues compared to last year. All the expenses have grown in absolute 
terms, but as a percentage of revenue, most of them have come down. In terms of advertisement, 
it is a more a timing issue, for the full year we have spent close to 2.5% in both years 
advertisement. In absolute terms, there is no moderation. Even the staff salaries have grown. All 
the other OPEX have grown to keep pace with the growth in volume, at the same time as a 
percentage ofrevenue, they have come down. So, as I mentioned, it is the operating efficiencies 
and better recoveries of the overheads that is the prime reason why the margins are good. Of 
course, the major driver has been the price increase, selling price increase in at end of Q3. 
Sure. So, taking from there I am assuming to operational efficiencies will obviously be 
continuing given our bandwidth and our focus on that. And now with our focus on athleisure 
and some of the premiumization, is expecting maybe a higher EBITDA than what usually or our 
earlier band was about 20%-22%. Is that possible or you would want to keep that band at about 
20-22 and probably basically pass on to the customer to give us benefit and gain market share. 
We will be happy with 20%-21 % EBITDA, given the steep raw material price increase, the 
selling price has increased by 5% in Ql, another 8% in Q3. So, we would not want to keep on 
Page 8 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Saumil Mehta: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Saumil Mehta: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Rahul Shukla: 
increasing the price and would partially compensate through better operating efficiencies and 
look at the raw material forecast which we are about to do shortly, the forecast for the coming 
year. So, that is where we will be focusing. 
Sure. And my last question, can you talk about the kids wear, we have obviously for last two 
years basically invested a lot into that venture. What kind of target in terms ofretail touch points 
we have and what would be the growth rates over there for the last 15-18 months? 
Gagan, you want to take it? 
IfI understood your question, this is about the retail touch points that you are talking about. How 
many do we intend or target? 
No sir, I am referring more to the kids wear business where we have invested significantly, what 
kind ofretail touch points we have in terms of kids wear. And how is that business grown in the 
last 15-18 months? 
So, the kids business growth has also been in lines with the other categories. We have merged it 
with the women category so that the expansion in the retail footprint happens, keeping in mind 
that where the mother is going to shop, she is also going to buy for the kids. So, after merging 
this business, we have seen a healthy growth in terms of the retail touch points. It is pretty healthy 
as of now in terms of the total footprint that we have. In terms of percentage, it's anywhere 
upward to around 25% of our retail base where our kids is present. 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Sir, just wanted to understand the growth differential between a metro Tier-I market and a rural 
market. Are you seeing some rush up volumes in the rural market? And at the same time, can 
you share some like-to-like growth in the EBO for metro versus rural market? 
So, we are seeing overall growth, be it the category or the tiers of cities. In fact, all product 
categories and all channels have performed well. So, we are seeing robust growth on all sides. 
So, I don't think there is a big difference there. The trend is on expected lines. And I would 
request Mr. Rahul to clarify on the EBO part. 
Thank you Mr. Ganesh. Like you rightly said, across all segments of cities, whether it is metros 
or Tier-I or Tier-3 or Tier-4, but the growth has been phenomenal and that's kind of democratic, 
it is the same level of growth. It is just that the opportunities that exist are higher in the Tier-3, 
Tier-4 towns. You will see a larger growth happening in those fronts. In terms of the same store 
growth without getting into the specific of numbers, let me tell you that the EBOs have been 
registering robust double digit growth quarter-on-quarter for the last several quarters except for 
the period where it was probably affected by COVID. So, it's been a robust EBO performance 
as far as the each of the retail is concerned. Does that answer your question Mr. Kedia? 
Page 9 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Ankit Kedia: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Ankit Kedia: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Ankit Kedia: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Yes. My second question is on the differential pricing. For the rural market, we have started 
launched products which have slightly lower pricing compared to the Metro markets. So, how 
is the response of the rural consumers out there? And are you facing some backlash from the 
Metro distributors or in the EBOs in those cities who might want the same product, but it's not 
available? 
Well, we don't have any specific products which is targeted for the rural market. In fact, we 
work on a TG, and they just happen to be in the rural market. But the appetite for our products, 
when we see how our products are performing in Metros, Tier 1, 2, 3, and 4, we hardly see any 
difference. So, we are not feeling any such impact. In fact, we have not felt the need for coming 
out with product which is exclusive for rural market. 
Okay, because in the market, channel check suggests that we are really best for many which are 
at Rs. 399 compared to in the Metro markets, those are at Rs. 550. 
Well, those products are available in all markets. It's not kind of dedicated or focused for the 
rural market. And actually, those products are performing well across markets. 
Sure. My last question is regarding the international expansion. We have seen in the Gulf market, 
we are steadily expanding our EBO presence. So, from a 3-year perspective if you can just 
outline your international expansion plans and how do we do business out there? Are the stores 
on franchisee basis, how they are in India? And how does the supply chain work for those 
markets? 
Well So, I will ask later on Gagan to explain further, but just to give you a brief, we are seeing 
huge potential as far as international markets is concerned. And this is one area where we had 
started working on and we have now dedicated leadership to drive this market. Of course, yes, 
as you rightly said our focus is now more on the Middle East because some of our licensed 
territory, the situation is not all that good, it's temporary. Now you know what is happening in 
Sri Lanka. So, with those economic situations, we are focusing more on the Middle East side of 
the business and our products are well received and we are seeing huge potential, huge traction 
there. And today the business is around 1 %, our international business is around that much. And 
since the overall business is growing, this will be around those numbers as we move forward, 
but the growth opportunities are tremendous, and we are focusing on it. Gagan, you want to add 
more light. 
Thanks Mr. Ganesh. I think you have actually covered it. Yes, in terms of opportunity, we do 
see huge potential in international, and we are currently focusing in Middle East. And we did 
want to, in terms of positioning our brand, we wanted to focus on the number of EBOs. So, you 
rightly observed that in terms of our EBO presence it is expanding in the Middle East. It's gone 
up from 4 to 8 as of now. And we will continue focus here. And at the same time, we are 
evaluating our strategy, quarter-on-quarter in the other markets. It is a franchisee-based model 
as India. We worked with a partner who can justify the entire Jockey brand and position it in the 
Page 10 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Moderator: 
Bharat Gianani: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Bharat Gianani: 
Moderator: 
right manner. So basically, yes, the model is more or less same as in India, but just that the 
partner would manage multiple channels. That's about it. 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Gianani from Moneycontrol Pro. Please go ahead. 
My question is on the revenue growth side. So, what is the kind of target that you have for the 
next two, three years for the revenue growth? And can you please split that number between the 
volume growth? And because of the raw material price I know it's a bit difficult, but some 
comments on that side, what could be the pricing growth? And any particular category that you 
would feel that it could outperform as compared to the overall growth rate for the company over 
the next two to three years? That would be my question. Thanks. 
So, Mr. Bharat, you know we are looking at $1 billion 25-26 and ifwe drive our business the 
way we are doing it, we may be able to even accelerate that ambition. In fact, we are now looking 
at $2 billion and beyond. As a management, we are working on those aspirations, and we are 
well poised to conquer those heights and we are working very hard on that front. And it is easily 
possible for us to dream and achieve those numbers, because as you know our penetration is not 
that high and there is so much headroom for us to grow. If you see the men's innerwear segment, 
we have 16% to 18% market share. And when it comes to women, athleisure, juniors, we are in 
single digits. So, there is so much we need to do, there so much potential there. So, we are 
working and firing all our cylinders on all fronts to achieve those targets. As regards category 
growth is concerned, you were also talking about price, our price will be based on the overall 
input cost and other things, very-very difficult to predict how the price movements will happen. 
In fact, if you see historically, we have touched prices between 4% to 5% year-on-year, but last 
year was unprecedented. For the first time, I think we did two price increases. This has to do 
with the raw material and input price pressures which we are seeing, and we don't know how 
long it will last. So, that part is very difficult to predict as things stand now. However, I do see 
opportunities and I do see the premiumization happening because even in the men's innerwear 
category our consumers are preferring more premium products. So, we are seeing tremendous 
growth on all categories including men's innerwear. In that we are also seeing higher growth 
rates on international collections and other higher premium ranges compared to the modern 
classic. So, that is one. And then, since our penetration is lower on ISP categories like athleisure, 
bras, obviously it will continue to grow at an accelerated rate and that will bring us some 
premiumization. And we do work on those very-very closely as those are categories which have 
huge potential. But we are very happy to see that our men's innerwear is also equally performing, 
and it's well received. Our products are well received in the market and clocking very good 
growth. So, to answer your question, premiumization, definitely yes, it is happening. Price 
increase as a percentage is dependent on many factors and with the current volatile situation, we 
are unable to predict and give you a guidance. 
Okay. So, that covers very well, thanks and all the best. 
The next question is from the line ofHimanshu Nayyar from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Page 11 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Firstly, if you can just talk about our capacities and the utilization rates and the capacity 
expansion plans, because I believe we were running close to, I mean, now we might be running 
close to optimum capacities. So, what are our CAPEX plans for the next two to three years? And 
whether we need to rely more on outsourcing directly to fulfill the current demand? 
Well, capacity utilization is close to 80%, our in-house capacity utilization, and we do have a 
long-term plan. We do have three-year plan based on the business growth and we do make our 
CAPEX plans including expansions in line with our long-term business plan. So, there are 
expansions happening. In fact, one of the major investments which is happening in state of 
Odisha, that plant is likely to be operational by Q4 of this year. And this is all in line with our 
capacity expansion. As regards outsourcing is concerned, yes, as business grows outsourcing 
will also grow. But as I see it, it will be around 30% of the overall business and 70% will be 
through our in-house manufacturing. And even this 30% outsourcing, the growth which will 
happen will be mostly from our current vendor base because we work very closely with our 
vendor partners. In fact, they are an extended arm of Page when it comes to quality and standards, 
we manage it very closely. We outsource the operations and make sure the products are exactly 
as what we produce in-house, closed monitoring on the standards, the processes and the quality 
of the product. So, it is easier and the better for us to grow the existing vendor base rather than 
explore newer and newer vendors. And therefore, we have strong strategic alliance with our 
vendor partners, and we have chosen vendor partners who have the ability to reinvest in the 
business and grow the business along with our growth. So, to answer your question, the 
outsourcing will be mostly around 30%-33% of our overall volume. 
Got it, sir. And secondly, you made a comment in your initial remarks from Speedo. So, if you 
can just share some outlook on that business and give us some idea on the current size of that 
business and in terms of profitability that also generates similar profitability to our existing 
business, sir? 
Yes. So, Speedo has recovered well. It is maybe because, you know the pools were closed during 
the pandemic and therefore we had hardly had any sales and it has recorded good growth as the 
pools have started opening up. But it is early days as profitability is concerned because as you 
know with hardly any sales in the last couple of years, we need to look at it like a new startup 
and turn this around very quickly and that is what we are working on. But we are looking at this 
business as a long-term investment because swimming as a sports activity in India is still in its 
nascent stage, but it's growing steadily. In fact, as per the market study done, India is the fastest 
growing swimming market. And therefore, we do see the long-term potential in the brand. And 
we feel it's prudent for us to stay invested, nurture the brand and reap the benefits by being a bit 
patient there. As of end of March 22, Speedo brand is available in around 1340 plus stores. Our 
EBO count is around 26. So, it has reduced a bit because two years ofno business was difficult 
for many of our partners to manage. So, that is something we are reviving, and we have 12 large 
format stores spread over 90 plus cities. So, with this reduction even in EBO, we are able to 
actually see the same kind of volumes which we are getting oflate in the last two, three months. 
It is as good as the pre pandemic levels. So, when we actually increase our EBO counts and all 
that, there can be accelerated growth to the Speedo market because the swimwear market in 
Page 12 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Moderator: 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Gagan Sehgal: 
India is going to be the fastest growing market. So, we firmly believe we should stay invested 
and nurture this brand. And our outlook as well as Speedo is concerned is very positive in the 
long run. 
The next question is from the line ofBhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
My first question is that if you look at Page's expansion in FY22, the MBO footprint has grown 
by almost 42% and the EBO footprint has grown by about 21 %. It possible to share how much 
of this footprint has been opened in newer markets and how do we ensure that there is no risk of 
cannibalization in the existing markets? 
Mr. Bhargav, I feel on the MBO, Gagan will be the right person to clarify, and Mr. Rahul will 
be happy to clarify on the EBO side of it. So, can I request Gagan to clarify? 
Thank you Mr. Ganesh. So, expanding our reach footprint has been a strategy that we thought 
we really need. But as I mentioned in an earlier question, we did that keeping in mind our existing 
presence. Be it in terms of geo-tagging all our existing outlets, where are we present, what is our 
target customer in each city, each town, and are we adequately present there in terms of dealer 
per lakh. And where we felt that we are under-penetrated or let's say there is an opportunity to 
upscale is where when we opened a new retail store, right? So, it was not to basically reach a 
certain number which is desirable, but actually going in a strategic manner where the customer 
needs our presence and in order to service the customer in a better manner, we have opened the 
outlet. To answer your question, these outlets have come out with a very good throughput, and 
they have given us repeat orders, but at the same time, our other outlets have also continued to 
grow. So, we are getting a very healthy and robust growth from our existing stores and at the 
same time from the new stores. Because as I said, it is not just to reach a certain number and 
opening one outlet next to another where you are already available but keeping in mind where 
there is an opportunity. And this journey will continue. We further see this opportunity and the 
expansion has been equal in Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns as in metros and mini metros, because there 
is an opportunity within metros as well to further scale up. But it has been done in a bottom up 
approach in a very-very strategic and a scientific manner. If that answers your question. 
Sure. Just to continue on that geo-tagging bit, now that you are using a lot ofteclmology, is it 
possible to know what has been the volume growth in FY22 from your outlets which are more 
than two years old, which includes both MBOs and EBOs? 
As I said, we capture the segment-wise growth in terms of which outlet gives us how much 
revenue and how much we are growing. And it is healthy across. There is nowhere that we have 
seen a de-growth or a lesser growth. Even our top outlets, the ones who are very-very significant 
have also grown with a very healthy double-digit company. And at the same time, the bottom 
outlets have also contributed in a similar manner. So, we are capturing both the volume and the 
value, and we monitor it on a monthly basis. 
Page 13 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Rahul Shukla: 
Moderator: 
Omkar Kulkarni: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Omkar Kulkarni: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Omkar Kulkarni: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
To add to that Mr. Bhargav, to what Gagan has said, the very fact that our same store 
performance has been robust and a double digit like-to-like growth over the last several quarters, 
which demonstrate that we ensure due diligence when we go out and open stores. So, there's a 
proper scientific process of gap analysis and going out and opening stores. And of course, we 
are a multi-channel brand, and we exist across e-commerce, MBOs, the exclusive brand stores, 
where consumers who are shopping from various places and our strategy is to reach out to each 
channel and occupy a leadership position there. There might be a little bit cannibalization, but 
in terms of the overall benefit to all stakeholders, it's substantial. 
The next question is from the line of Omkar Kulkarni from Shri Investments. Please go ahead. 
The first question is regarding the dividend distribution policy. 
We try to distribute 50% of the PAT as dividends. In many years we have exceeded. It's also a 
function of the surplus cash which we carried in 2019, we declared a special dividend. But 
overall, the policy is to distribute a minimum of 50% of the PAT. 
Can you talk more about the upcoming expansion if you are doing, and the asset turn you are 
expecting on that? 
As of present the asset turns are close to about 12 to 13, I mean the fixed asset turnover ratio, as 
I call it. So, going forward, it will vary depending upon the capital, the new facility which is 
coming up in Odisha in a couple of years from now, so that will vary. But we will more or less 
be in a stable state we would be around this kind of asset turns. 
Okay, so the existing capacity is sufficient enough to take care of the demand and the healthy 
growth which you are telling. 
Which is what Mr. Ganesh was answering earlier. 
Mr. Kulkarni, as the volume growth is very healthy, the existing capacity is not enough to meet 
the demand. This is where we do have expansion plans. So, with our current capacities we are 
okay but for the next year in the long run, we need to expand, that's where the investments are 
being made, both on increasing the sowing capacity for producing more products and also, on 
the backward integration, now there is a huge expansion which is happening on the elastic plants 
of ours. And as you know, we produce our own elastics mostly because this is one of the most 
vital components to ensure the superior quality of the product which we offering to our 
consumers and there are investments happening, strategic investments happening on all those 
backward integration projects as well. So, expansions are happening. In fact, even leave along 
the expansion by way of capacity, there is also investments happening in further strengthening 
our technologies be it be IT investments and also in our leadership. In fact, Mr. Kulkarni we 
used to tell way back, even in years 2018 and 2019 that we are making investments for the future, 
and we were investing heavily on technology and also on leadership on attracting the best of the 
talent. Today, we are enjoying the benefits of that, and we will continue to work on those aspects, 
Page 14 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Omkar Kulkarni: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Omkar Kulkarni: 
Moderator: 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Moderator: 
Tejas Shah: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
and we will continue to invest to grow the business. And as you know succession planning has 
always been in the forefront of our strategic plan and the speed at which our business is growing, 
we are in the process of making the organization future ready for, in fact, as I told you some time 
before, it's not now, we are not looking at $1 billion, but we are looking at a journey which is 
beyond $1 billion for the second billion and further. So, in order to be ready for this ambitious 
growth plan, along with capacity expansion, we need to also create a very robust organization. 
And what we are trying to do is to that's where I told you sometime back, we have also taken a 
CPO on board, and we also having lot of investment being made on our leadership to take full 
advantage of the rich talent which we have, and to optimize the use of the talent within the 
company at all levels, especially at the senior level. And fortunately, we are very-very lucky and 
blessed to have a very strong leadership team full of talent. And many of them can do much 
more than what they are doing today. And we are investing to make sure that they build those 
competencies, and they can take on more richer and higher responsibilities. And we believe this 
restructuring which we have been doing all these years, this journey will continue, and this is 
what is required for us to keep the growth trajectory along with all the investments which we are 
making on our facilities, be it be expansion of factories, for garment manufacturing and for our 
backward integration projects. 
Okay, so the expansions would be brownfield or Greenfield. 
Pardon, Mr. Kulkarni, I missed you there. 
I was just asking, you just told that ... 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Kulkarni, may we request that you return to the question queue for 
follow-up questions. 
There is no brownfield. It will be green field expansions only. 
We will take the next question from the line ofTejas Shah from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
My question pertains to your observation or comment that you have made on penetration a while 
back. Now, very intuitively, someone like me who has followed your product portfolio 
evaluation in last 10 years, it seems that we have got more wardrobe share from the same 
customer outpacing perhaps the recruitment of the customer. Now, since you track a lot of data 
and trends now, do you think that our customer base expansion is materially lower than our 
wallet share gain or is this observation misplaced? 
Mr. Shah, with the kind of retail expansion which is happening and as we keep opening new 
doors, obviously we are also acquiring new customers. And the wallet share is also increasing 
because of two reasons. One, the price which we offer and the comfort and fit which we offer 
and the quality, we have many loyal customers, and it is also supplemented by our product range 
expansion. We have much more products to offer today, which will naturally mean that the 
wallet size increases, because there are more options to buy for customers who have been loyal 
Page 15 of 16 

Jl PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page Industries Limited 
May 26, 2022 
Tejas Shah: 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Moderator: 
K Chandrasekar: 
Moderator: 
with us for all these years. So, I can say it's a combination of the wallet size increase as well as 
acquisition of new customers, which is happening because of the exciting products which we 
are coming with and also with the retail expansion which is happening on the ground. 
Sure. And sir, second question pertains to the current scenario and inflation. We are hearing 
from companies after companies that this has been kind of unprecedented in the recent times. 
Now, keeping that in mind and keeping our long-standing guidance on margins remaining 
around 20% to 22%, do you think that this kind of inflation pressure might trigger some form of 
down trading within the customers and tactically we might have to forego this adherence to this 
band for a while to retain market share, or to support the expansion that we have done in the 
recent past. 
Not exactly because our products as you know are not high ASP products. And our products are 
essential products. And I think Jockey as a brand we are in a sweet spot because our products 
are relevant across the year. During these times, when there is a pressure on the wallet of our 
consumers, they may not prefer to buy seasonal products. In fact, we have products which are 
multifunctional, multi-utility, so you can wear it in your home. You can also take a 1 mile walk 
with that product and it is not seasonal. You can wear it year around. So, when we have such 
offerings and value for money proposition and the trust which we have built as a brand over the 
years, actually we see this as an opportunity. And that is what we are seeing when we see the 
response from our consumers are concerned. It is more of an opportunity for this. 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chandrasekar, CFO of Page Industries for closing 
comments. 
Thank you very much, all the participants. Some really fascinating questions. As always in every 
call I learn more about our own business from the various insights that you give us and keep 
encouraging us and keep cheering for us. There is still a long way to go. Have a good day. Bye-
bye. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Page Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect. 
Page 16 of 16 
