Goodluck India Limited
Corp. Office: "GOODLUCK HOUSE" Nehru Nagar,
Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad-201001 U.P. (INDIA)
Ph.: +91-120-4196600, 4196700, Fax : 91-120-4196666, 4196777
June 01, 2022
Manager, DCS
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655
Dear Sir/ Madam,
The Manager
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Sandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK
Sub: Transcript of Investors and Analysts Conference call
Dear Sir/ Madam,
As Earlier informed, a Conference Call for the investors and analysts held on Friday, 27 May,
2022 at 12:00 PM 1ST to discuss the Q4&FY22 Earnings of the Company.
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking You.
(Abhis
Company Secretary
Encl: as above
Regd. Office: 509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001 (INDIA)
CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
I Website : www.goodluckindia.com
I Email : goodluck@goodluckindia.com
Works: A-42 & 45, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad - 203205 Distt. Bulandshahr, U.P. (INDIA)

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
“Goodluck India Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR MAHESH GARG – CHAIRMAN 
MR. RAM AGGARWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SANJAY BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY20 22 earnings conference call 
of Goodluck India Ltd. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Garg, Chairman of Goodluck India Ltd. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Garg: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Goodluck India Ltd Earnings Conference Call for the 
fourth quarter and full year ending 31st March 2022. I would like to begin by expressing my 
gratitude to you all for taking the time to join us. 
On the call with me today are Mr. Ram Agarwal – CEO and Mr. Sanjay Bansal – CFO. 
The Company is an established manufacturer of engineered steel products. It was incorporated 
in the year 1986. It is headquartered in Ghaziabad with 364,000 tonne manufacturing capacity. 
This capacity is spread across six facilities, five in Sikandrabad, Uttar Pradesh, and one in Kutch, 
Gujarat, employing over 3,000 personnel with over 3 generation of hands-on experience of 
promoters. This year we have added 18,000 metric ton in forging division and 20,000 metric 
tonnes in precision tube engineering division. Goodluck is into four major vertical, which are 
ERW Steel Tube, Precision tube, Precision engineering and fabrication and forging. We have 
started our solar in a separate vertical owing to the superlative demand in this segment. Also 
aerospace and defense too our other area of interest, which in our opinion requires social especial 
focus. And we felt the use opportunity here on. We cater many diverse sectors of the economy 
that include auto, infra, high speed railway, specialized infrastructure, solar, defense, aerospace 
and defense components. 
Last four to five years have been particularly, significant for the Company. We are undertaking 
important CAPEX, penetrating strategic markets, extended product portfolio and diversified our 
value-added offerings. We have set few goals for our side that include increasing the share of 
value-added products in our total product portfolio. 
We are on course of making Goodluck a world class manufacturing organization with greater 
focus on value addition. We would like to see ourselves evolving as a partner of choice for high 
end engineering, fabrication player in infrastructure and manufacture of best-in-class precision 
tube a formidable player in the area of defense and aerospace. We are on course of our goal 
towards evolving a solution provider from just being a manufacturing Company. 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
I would like to hand over the floor to Mr.Ram Aggarwal, who will be talking about the business 
in detail. Thank you. 
Ram Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir, and welcome all of you to this call. After the opening remarks by Mr. Garg, I 
would like to take you through Company in a bit more detail. I would like to dwell on each of 
the segment. 
Now we can start with engineering structures and precision fabrications, a key segment, not only 
in terms of our engineering expertise and passion, but also in terms of growth opportunities. In 
this, we are evolving to provide both fabrication and services for infrastructure solution. Be it 
road bridges, smart city structures, or supercritical bridges for high-speed railways corridor and 
many others. 
Company has a total capacity of 60,000 MTPA for this segment. The order, backed by the 
Company from L&T for the bullet train under high-speed railway corridor, is on course. Work 
has started and we are hopeful that the project will get over as per the schedule. Here we are 
working alongside the Japanese engineers. There is a huge scope of growth and expansion in 
this segment and we envision an order book of over Rs.1000 crore in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Another area of focus is the solar power field. We provide a specialized structures for the solar 
panels, which are in high demand across the world. 
The government initiative of 100 GW solar energy is likely to boost companies solar support 
structure capacity. Here again, we can foresee a huge opportunity. The next segment on which 
we are bullish that is forging. We specialize in stainless steel, duplex, carbon alloy, steel, forging 
exotic material and flanges, which is supplied in more than 100 grade products. Company caters 
to various and wide industries like automotive trucks, agriculture, machinery, equipment, walls, 
fittings and petrochemical applications, hand tools, hardware of also highways and railroad 
equipment, general industrial equipment, Marine and more aerospace and defense. Forging for 
defense is here to start. Basically, we were in the next segment of forging, so we specialize in 
stainless steel, duplex, carbon and alloy steel forgings and flanges, which is supplied in more 
than 100 grade products. Company caters to various and right industries like automotive and 
trucks, agriculture, machinery and equipment, walls, fittings, petrochemical applications, milk 
plants, hand tools and hardware of highway and rail road equipment, general industrial 
equipment, marine and recently aerospace and defense. Forging for defense and aerospace has 
successfully made a mark across the industry. 
Recently, as we had informed earlier, we have increased our forging capacity. We can now forge 
a single piece of 14 tonnes which earlier was 7 tonnes. Subsequently, total capacity per annum 
increased to 30,000 MT enabling manufacturing of high value-added products. With this, we 
will be in positioned to manufacture and supply high value-added products which would result 
in greater profitability. 
We are supplying to some of the biggest name across Indian Aerospace and defense like ISRO 
DRDO, LMT Defense, Godrej Aerospace, Pralay missiles, BrahMos missiles, K9 Vajra, Tatra 
Howitzer, etc. Our third segment is Precision pipes and Auto tubes. Here we offer products that 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
require high engineering expertise. We are among the very few players to manufacture high 
quality CDW tubes. Our products are one of the leading products in terms of quality and 
consistency, resulting in high customer satisfaction and repeat orders. The segment is a 
substantial contributor of export revenue to the Company. Industry cater to our aerospace, 
nuclear power, wind energy. 
We are supplying to some of the most respected brands across the world in both in Roads and 
off-road auto segment. One other sector is CR coils, pipes and tubes, which is our oldest sector 
here. We manufacture ERW pipes and tubes that find application precision tube, support 
structures and other infrastructure, agriculture, auto and many more. 
The Company has been gradually consolidating its export business. The excellent range of 
products and services have enabled us to extend our presence in hundred countries across the 
globe with a base of over 600 customers. The current domestic to export revenue stands at 58 to 
42. 
That's all for my side. I shall now hand over this call to Mr. Sanjay Bansal, who will talk about 
the financials in detail. 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon. At the outset, I Sanjay Bansal – CFO, on behalf of Goodluck, 
welcome you all for joining us for conference on performance of the Company in Q4 and 
Financial Year 2022. 
Regarding Q4 performance, total income from operations was increased to Rs.702.02 crores 
against 484.36  crore during Q4 of previous year registering a growth of 45%. EBITA for the 
quarter stood to Rs.53.57 crore as against Rs.31.28 crores during Q4 of FY2021. Registering a 
growth in EBITDA margin at the rate of 71% on year-on-year basis. The profit before tax, 
including other comprehensive income, was Rs.24.30 crores in Q4 of 2022 as compared to 8.18 
Cr. in Q4 of 2021. Performance for the full financial year is substantially improved as compared 
to previous year. Turnover increased by 66% to Rs.2,617.10 crores. EBIDTA increased by 53% 
to Rs.186.89crores and PAT stood at Rs.75.02 crores as compared to Rs.30.05 crores. The 
volume stood at264,418 tons as against  224,603 tonne in FY2021 a growth of more than 17%. 
The earnings per share has been at Rs.29.48 per share. The volume stood at264,418 tons during 
FY 2022, as against Rs. 224,603 tonne in FY2021 a growth of over 17.7%. The earnings per 
share has been at rupees 29.48 per share in FY22 as against rupees 13.01 per share during 
previous fiscal. However, performance of the Company has improved substantially in 2022 as 
compared to 2021 due to increase in level of activity. Higher margins in exports and saving in 
finance and establishment costs. The improved working trend would continue in current fiscal 
year, provided the geopolitical trend on Ukraine and Russia is settled. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Malhar Mane from MHM capital market. Please go ahead. 
Malhar Mane: 
Can you please give the capacity utilization for the each of the four segments.. 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Management: 
Sir, overall utilization of the capacity you are asking? 
Malhar Mane: 
Yes, I am asking utilization of the capacity in percentage terms, individually for each of the four 
segments. 
Management: 
Individual segment. We may not be able ready, we can give you afterwards but overall utilization 
around 80%. 
Malhar Mane: 
Segment wise is not possible. 
Management: 
Immediately. Not possible, but we can tell you afterwards. 
Malhar Mane 
Okay. Sure. Second question was that we have we have mentioned our volume growth, I think 
around 17.7% but revenue growth is 66%. So, there seems to be an improvement in realization 
per metric tonne. So, what is driving this improvement in realization? 
Management: 
The volume growth has taken place raw material price is higher, so top line has improved, but 
margins have also improved during the time. 
Malhar Mane: 
Correct. Okay. And sir, you had mentioned. The FY2021 volume figure in metric tonnes. Can 
you please repeat that? For FY2021 
Management: 
Rs.224,000 tonne. 
Malhar Mane 
Okay. But when I am going to the investor presentation where it says.  2,19,906. 
Management: 
Maybe then, we will check it and come back to you. I can correct myself. I said by memory, I 
do not know the figure before me. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. A reminder to the participants. The next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar 
an individual investor. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Goodafternoon sir, Hello Sir, Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I have a couple 
of questions. So, first question is related to the balance sheet. Are we moving to reduce our long 
term borrowing to zero? 
Sanjay Bansal  
Yes. This is the target of the Company to reduce the borrowings. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, I just want to know the status of L&T LOI.? 
Ram Aggarwal 
L&T LOI work has already started. Most of the infrastructure work has been completed and the 
required approvals are on the way. So, from June onwards, we can we can see the project on the 
floor. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And Sir, what is the reason behind a good export performance and which other 
geographies and for which segment we are getting more export order? 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Mahesh Garg 
It is a precision tube and galvanized pipe. There has been a good demand overseas because there 
was a shortage in the world over of the product. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. As you said that the Company is focusing on the value-added segment. So, how we are 
going to see the contribution of value-added segment in the future. 
Mahesh Garg: 
Our emphasis on the beginning and to only improve our performance or to value-added products. 
And we are aiming at that. And all-over incremental expansion is taking place in that direction 
only. That is the reason that after three years of investment, what we made in the last five years 
that investment has rectified now and given us head start last year. 
Aniket Redkar: 
okey, And Sir what is our current order book and what are the targets in terms of the order book? 
Ram Aggarwal  
So, basically, we are in four verticals in every vertical, orders are different. Suppose if you talk 
of the infrastructure sector, we have almost Rs.475 crores.  And if we talk of the CDW tubes 
Auto tubes, so there is a visibility of orders for next six months because here, does not order 
come in quantity every month. And in the forgings, we are having a visibility of almost 5 to 6 
months orders. And in the general sector, which is ERW pipes, CR Sheets. These are the monthly 
orders. So, we normally have 45 days order and those orders are available right now. So, there 
is no dearth of orders or the order book. Right now, what we are foreseeing. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And Sir what about our plan? As you can see, the solar sector seems to be very focused –
area right now. So, what are the target plans and what kind of order we can get? 
Ram Aggarwal  
Basically, right now, solar is on the verge of booster everywhere, whether it is U.S., Germany, 
other basically Europe, U.S. or India everywhere, it is a solar. Even the REL Reliance has given 
100 GW target for up to 2030, government of India is already having a target. So, solar, there is 
no dearth of orders. Now, as far as Goodluck is concerned, we are giving the support structures 
and track tubes in this sector. So, right now we are having a visibility of almost 300 MW in 
coming 2 to 3 months, but it will improve after the rains are over, the work will start and the 
visibility will be better. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay got it. And Sir as far as the defense sector is concerned, what our targets are, any new 
products added to the portfolio? 
Ram Aggarwal  
So, basically, defense sector, it has just started because India up to last year, India had been 
importing almost $100 billion Purchase . But now government is putting pressure that it should 
be made in India. And due to this Ukraine conflict or the China conflict also government has put 
pressure for make in India, but it is just started. What we are doing, we are doing some parts of 
Brahmos missile. We are doing some parts of K9 gun. But now the market has started to open, 
but products will be added. We have installed our machines to make those products, but the  
product actual position, it will come in in next 6 to 8 months. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Who are Our top three competitors. 2 to 3 competitors in the industry. 

 
Goodluck India Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Ram Aggarwal : 
Basically, we are in four or five verticals, so every vertical has different competitors. Okay. So, 
now we are our best competitor, we have to compete with ourselves. 
Aniket Redkar: 
But can you name a few, in terms of the segment, if I can name. 
Ram Aggarwal 
Because if you talk of forging Bharat Forge, very big name, we are very distinct cousin to him 
are making 10,000 tonne. We are making 2000 tonne. But definitely we aim to. So, basically, 
we were on the defense side, so it will take some time to really identify the products. But the 
machinery is there and government has also to identify which products they want to source from 
India and what are the critical products they are they have to still import from overseas. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And Sir what is the status of the cash flow? And are you planning to reduce our working 
capital? 
Mahesh Garg: 
Definitely we are trying to reduce our working capital. But as you know, our turnover is 
increasing. Material prices are going up. So, cash is our basically raw material. We always try 
to do it minimum, but as soon as the turnover increases, this working capital increases. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And Sir as the steel prices moving up, so what are your steps and how do we plan to take 
care of that? I mean, are we going to pass this price to the end consumer or how are we going to 
manage this? 
Mahesh Garg: 
The increased prices will be passed on to the consumer, always with little time lag times, but 
they are passed through. It is a complete pass-through. 
Aniket Redkar:                    Thankyou so much Sir. This is from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to end  the conference over to 
Mr. Mahesh Garg for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Garg: 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank each member of Goodluck India family. I would 
also like to thank our clients, creditors, banks, financial institutions and other stakeholders. And 
we look forward for your interest of all our stakeholders. And for any further queries or 
information, please get in touch with our investor relations team. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Goodluck, India Ltd., that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
