May 31 ,2022
To,
The Listing Compliance Department
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai- 400 001
Scrip Code - 522295
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement),
Regulations 2015
Dear Sir/Madam,
With reference to above mentioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement, Regulation, 2015, read with para A of part A of
Schedule lll thereof, please find attached Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors
/ Shareholders of Control Print Limited (the Company) fixed through Asian Markets Securities
Private Limited (AMSEC) held on Wednesday, May 25,2022 at 4.00 p.m. on Q4FY22 of the
Company.
Further, the said Transcript will be
www.controlprint.com
This is for your information and record.
Yours sincerely,
made available on Company's website at
Akshay Satasiya
Company Secretary &
Encl.:As stated
Compliance Officer
control Print Limited, c-106, Hind saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 4000s9, India
t. +91 22 2859906s / 669a8900 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w. www.controtprint.com
ctN. 12221 9MH1 991 P1C059800
MUMBAI (REgd'OtfiCE) . AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI . COLOMBO. DELHI . GUWAHATI
HYDEHABAD. JAMSHFDPIIFI o KtrFlAla r krrrv^aA
- f,tEh , - 6rr'F
oo
CCINTFIOL
PFIINT .o
The Listing Compliance Department,
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol - CONTROLPR
W

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Control Print Ltd. Q4FY22 Earning Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHIVA KABRA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL KHETTRY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHATELIA, ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
, 
 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY'22 Earning Conference Call of Control 
Print hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance, and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ from such expectations, projections, etc., 
whether expressed or implied. Participants are requested to exercise caution while referring to 
such statements and remarks. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhatelia, Asian Markets Securities Limited. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Bhatelia. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome all to the Control Point Limited's Q4 & 
FY'22 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. 
From the management side, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra -- Joint Managing Director and 
Mr. Rahul Khettry -- CFO. 
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul for his opening remarks, post which we shall begin 
the Q&A session. Over to you, Rahul. Thank you. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Thank you, Karan. Welcome everyone to the fourth quarter. Financial year '22 Earning 
Conference Call of Control Print. Apologize for the rescheduling of the previous call which had 
to be postponed due to unforeseen circumstances. We appreciate your taking out time from your 
busy schedule to attend the call. Hope you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. 
Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing Director joins me on this call. 
The detailed presentation has already been put up on the website as well as intimated to the stock 
exchange. 
Let me give a Brief Analysis of the Financials for Q4 Financial Year '21-22. Manufacturing 
activities in Q4 maintained a good momentum and most of the industries increased their 
production to meet the high demand. The increased production was clearly visible in the higher 
requirement for consumables, which brought back the smile to Coding and Marking industry. 
The last couple of years have seen extraordinary situations when the strength of the company is 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
tested. And we can assure you that Control Print is geared up for any challenge. We are 
financially stable and robust and will continue to perform in spite of the unforeseen challenges. 
The stability of Control Print has also been reaffirmed by credit rating agency, CRISIL with an 
‘A’-rating after considering the short and medium term impact of the COVID pandemic. Our 
investors can maintain their belief on the company's management for an optimistic future. 
This quarter and annual performance delivered the best ever results for Control Print. There was 
all round growth in revenue, in margins and volume growth. These are encouraging signs and 
the momentum should continue through the next financial year. 
Revenue for the quarter and annual was highest ever at Rs.75.56 crores for the quarter and 
Rs.254.26 crores for the year. The year-on-year growth in revenue is 23.7% and for 12-months 
growth is 24.8%. The reason for growth in revenue was due to good traction in consumables as 
the industrial production increased, though we believe it is still not at the optimum level and 
there is scope of improvement. 
The production of some of the industries was lower due to raw material shortages, as there is 
still scope of growth in the overall production volumes. The gross margins were dented across 
industries due to increase in material prices of components, especially electronics, chemicals 
and solvents. Active installed base crossed 15,000 mark which is steadily increasing to grow the 
business in the coming year. 
Profit before exceptional item increased 19.8% year-on-year and increased 26.3% for 12-
months. Profit before tax increased by 19.7% year-on-year and 41.7% for 12-months. 
EBITDA increased 27.1% year-on-year and 24.5% for 12 months. We should continue to 
maintain EBITDA margins north of 24% on a long-term sustainable basis. PAT increased 21.6% 
year-on-year and 40.3% for 12-months. EPS increased to Rs.25.25 from Rs.18.00, which is up 
40.27%. Working Capital days improved by 31-days this financial year due to better inventory 
management and receivables recovery. The company maintains healthy margins with profit 
before exceptional items at 20.4% and EBITDA at 25.8% with scope of improvement due to 
better product mix and higher revenue triggering economies of scale. 
Let me brief you on the Performance of Various Division Products and Business Segments. 
Printers and Consumables had a positive demand and the increased installed base will drive the 
business in the coming quarter. 
The company strengthened its market share in the building materials segment, dairy and food 
sector witnessed continuous growth, strengthening and growth. The Pharmaceuticals segment 
witnessed increasing customer penetration wins in competitor accounts and focus to scale up in 
this industry. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
The SCP division witnessed 12-months growth of 17% as the production of the customers was 
increasing. The growth was mainly due to improved production of some of the industries where 
we have a stronghold like dairy healthcare, steel and metals, food, FMCG pipes, cables and wire, 
distillery, agrochemicals. And was also encouraging to see growth in some of the upcoming 
sectors like pharma, paints, wood. 
Product verticals of TIJ, TTO highlight. Continue to have a strong growth and these products 
are well accepted by the market. We have dedicated managers and team to drive these verticals 
with focus on dairy, beverages, biscuits, frozen food, ready-to-eat, pharma, packaging, plywood, 
lubricants, coding. These new products continue to grow every quarter, which builds confidence 
on the potential of these products in the coming years. 
Laser business is growing steadily as product technology has been improved and a new team is 
driving the business. This has yielded good dividend as a positive response from the customers 
and new opportunities expected in the coming quarter. Service revenue has shown good growth 
in value term, which contributes towards profitability. 
As strategy for separate verticals for key account and OEM business, our focused approach is 
showing encouraging results and should yield good quantum of business. 
SCP business reported good growth for the financial year with revival in some cement accounts 
and pan India supplies in sugar industry. We are changing our focus to non-SCP business with 
some new applications and the team is confident of generating business in the coming quarters. 
With new government directive regarding marking and coding in agrochemicals, healthcare, we 
expect some good contribution to our business growth and plastic bags also. 
Customers especially large business organizations are looking for coding and marking solution 
so as to avoid counterfeiting of their products. We are offering complete solution, including 
availability of our in-house software development team to provide tailor-made solutions as per 
our customers' expectations. 
To intensify our reach to the customers, we are strengthening our inside sales team for tele-
calling the customers to generate good quality leads. This is helping the field sales force to 
improve their strike rate for order conversion. The company has strong cash flow and the trend 
is expected to continue. 
This year, we have performed well in every quarter which shows a sustainable growth trend, and 
the momentum is expected to continue for the next financial year with similar trend of growth 
trajectory, Fundamentally and inherently, the company remains strong, and we are focused on 
our plans and strategies as we are confident of the growth potential to deliver positive results. 
The floor is now open for questions. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Mr. 
Kaushik Mohan from Moat Financial. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
In past five years, I'm seeing a line item called as exceptional item or extraordinary item on your 
P&L. Can you please explain this? Yes, every time I've seen from past five or six years, I'm 
seeing this exceptional items in your P&L. 
Rahul Khettry: 
In the last two years, it is a very negligible amount, even in the current quarter, it is only 26,000, 
the previous quarter it was 11,000, before that is 97,000 - 
Kaushik Mohan: 
I agree with that, but why these entries altogether come in because as a percentage of whatever 
the revenue… I'm very new for your business to understand, so I didn't understand what this line 
item is all meaning about as well as when I go to the notes to accounts also, I am not 
understanding properly like I've seen your note to accounts profit of sale of an investment or 
something like this? 
Rahul Khettry: 
In note #5, we've specific ally explained the exceptional items, it includes 0.26 lakh for the 
quarter and 1 lakh for the full year towards changes in fair value profit and loss from sale of 
units in mutual funds, routed through P&L. This is a negligible amount which we put in mutual 
fund and that is coming. And this entry for the year of Rs.315 lakhs which was a sale of our 
Vasai property which we had declared I think in the first or the second quarter. That was an asset 
sale. So it came as exceptional item. I don't think there is any other item which is of concern. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand on the business dynamics. So now, currently, according to my 
understanding there is some growth values in the Control Print business. So as a management, 
what is your guidance on to the future numbers, if not the numbers at least the growth meaning 
how is the business panning out? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Actually, very difficult to hear you clearly. Say it again please. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
So, as per your business growth, what is your business growth drivers for coming years? And 
like what are you concentrating more on? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean, we don't really provide that type of guidance in all honesty, but, obviously, especially 
after this whole COVID incident, it's been difficult to answer, then in the last few months 
including the current period, we're really struggling with supplies for raw material, especially 
the semiconductors, our chips are in shortage and we're really struggling for it, paying a lot more. 
So it's difficult to say, but I think, obviously as the market grows, we've always maintained that 
we will grow at double of GDP on industrial production. So, the idea would be to grow 
consistently, and obviously, to some extent, we depend on the overall consumption in the market. 
There is a latent amount of things which are not being printed, and that's additional boost for us, 
but the volume growth is going to come from you the consumption growth. So, if that's 
maintained, this is all good bounce back after this whole COVID shambles and all of that, but if 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
we maintain certainly we can do well. Our product portfolio is strong. We think if the market is 
growing like 1, 1.5x GDP in industrial production and we should be to grow about twice of that. 
So, I think if the GDP grows like 7%, industrial production will be more, manufacturing growth, 
then we should be able to do about 15% So, that's an approximate thing you can take, but then, 
it's going to depend on the overall economic growth to that extent. So, if the economy goes up 
at 7% to 8%, then we should do 14%, 15% like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I have a couple of questions. The first is, you mentioned about an install base of 15,000 now. 
So, can we assume that on an average consumption of 1 to 1.2 lakhs per annum or is that a wrong 
assumption? 
Rahul Khettry: 
So, roughly, that's a trend assuming that the productions of the customers are normal. In a 
COVID year, it definitely was lower, but in a normal year, your assumption is correct. Earlier 
we had only the TIJ printers. Now, we have the TIJ, TTO also, some printers are higher and 
some are lower in the consumption. But yes, the CIJ at 1, 1.2 lakh per printer is definitely – 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
What about the new ones? 
Rahul Khettry: 
New ones are slightly lower. So they could be as much between 80,000 to a lakh or something. 
But since they more new in the market, the customers are also increasing the usage, we think 
that this will also give good revenues. But as of now, it's slightly lower than TIJ. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Normally you share the breakup of the number of printers sold and the breakup between the new 
printers and the TIJ consumables, etc., Will it be possible to share it for the quarter and for the 
year? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Yes, sure, I do share that all the time. So in this quarter, our printers is about 18% to 19%, 
consumables share of revenue would be 51% to 52%, spares and service together about 22% to 
23%, and balance is for the Mask.  
Madhuchanda Dey: 
In terms of numbers, whether number of printers sold and the breakup between the TIJ and the 
new age printers? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Generally, we give the total number of printers sold, this financial year we sold 3,025 printer 
and we crossed 3,000 mark for the first time. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
The new products that TIJ, TTO? 
Rahul Khettry: 
This is combined. So we don't give the breakup. The combined is about 3,000-plus printer for 
the FY and in Q4 we've done about 900 printers. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
When you were mentioning pharma, you said that there was some market share gains also. So 
overall, if you look at the FY'22 gone, if you have done, say, 24% kind of a top line, what would 
be approximately attributable to the market share gains and where is your market share at this 
point in time? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Market share, because the industry reports are not very easily available, we need to see the 
release of financials of our competitors, especially the larger ones which are filing, then only we 
will be able to give more details on how the industry has grown. But I think when we hear from 
our field staff and the momentum that Control Print is growing at 20%-plus, we feel that we 
would have gained market share, but we'll have to wait for our competitors to find the results. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Obviously, there's a direct linkage with the manufacturing activity. But the top line growth could 
also be propelled by market share gains, if that is a trend that you're witnessing, right? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We feel that there would be market share gain, because we've opened up more industries, the 
product range has increased, and we are able to penetrate into competitor accounts. So we would 
like to see market share increase once the results of other companies are available. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Is there a pricing advantage of Control Print vis-à-vis the large two MNC competition? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We are competitive. We don't really undercard or try to gain market share through pricing. But 
yes, technology, service and being competitive is definitely one of our forte. I think Control Print 
has always maintained that service is our strength and we reach that out to our customers and try 
to give them the maximum uptime. And that's what is building the confidence on our customers. 
Of course, price has to be competitive in the Indian market, but that's not our only advantage. 
Shiva Kabra: 
I will just repeat exactly what Rahul is saying. I think overall our pricing is not cheaper than our 
competitors. The idea is to be at the same level. Case-to-case sometimes they are cheaper, 
sometimes we are cheaper, of course, depending on the deal-to-deal. But overall, average price 
levels, the idea is to be in the same level as the leading competitors. We offer better value, 
because we think our technology and our product range is better. And of course, we have the 
best service network and good logistics in place for sure. So, that's more what we are focusing 
on offering the customer. Price wise, we don't really under cut. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I also had a question about, as you step into FY'23, what are the main concern, worries, 
challenges that you have? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, of course, key issue for sure is that we are having a massive amount of issues with 
the supply of our chips and semiconductors, so, we are having a lot of production related issues. 
And we have bought a lot of things from the spot market at a much higher price in the last quarter 
and this is continuing. So this is definitely affecting us, it's slowing down the entire logistics 
chain for us and the manufacturing is being affected of the printers. It has increased our lead 
times to supply the printers from x-stock to definitely like a few weeks at least. It doesn't look 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
like this thing is easing up anytime soon for us. So, this is definitely an area of concern. This is 
what I will say an area of concern in the coming year. But otherwise, I think we're okay. But 
yes, this has to be resolved somehow. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I'm just picking your brain on this. From a medium to long term perspective, is there any 
technological disruption possible that could weaken the investment case for a company like 
yours? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think obviously biggest risk to me is the statutory risk. The government can always change 
laws. Like, 50% to 60% of the customers are printing because of the government regulations, 
because you require the date code, the batch code and all the other stuff. Of course, if the 
government regulations change, and require the less ink but we don't think that will be changing, 
but at the end of the day, that's been a big driver going forward, increased traceability 
requirements and increase inventory. But yes, technically, it can happen. Technology wise, I 
don't see any issue, because I think that people always want to see this type of information on 
their packs and we cover all the major technology which are applied. So like you said whether 
it's a TIJ or TTO or laser or Thermal Jet or TJO, whatever, you need to buy from one of us or 
something. Where you own a SUV or a passenger car or a utility vehicle, the thing is you need 
a car for transport and we are there for that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Dipen Shankar from Trust Line PMS. Please go ahead. 
Dipen Shankar: 
Rahul ji, first of all, I want to understand this contribution of the segment for a full year printer, 
consumables and other segments? 
Rahul Khettry: 
For full year, percentage is quite similar as well as Q4, I'll be honest, I have the figures, no 
variation. 
Dipen Shankar: 
In terms of printer capacity utilization, what is the rate currently now? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Printers, right now, we are at about 80% to 85%, but like Shiva mentioned that chips is the main 
concern right now. If we can get all the parts availability, we can ramp up the production even 
more, because it's more of an assembly plant, and we don't see that as a major bottleneck. So, 
going forward, even if more printers are required in any particular year, we can surely ramp up 
our shift production. 
Dipen Shankar: 
In terms of non-TIJ contribution, so, what is that for full year? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Non-TIJ is definitely increasing. Earlier, it was in single digit. Now, it has definitely crossed. 
I'm talking about the new product, that is big TIJ, TTO and Hi-Res, but if completely non-TIJ 
you're talking about, then it will be about 30% to 35% in that range. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Dipen Shankar: 
So how is our segment penetration improving in this food and beverages segment where these 
MNCs had a really good hold, right, So are we able to penetrate now better in this food and 
beverages segment? 
Shiva Kabra: 
To some extent, in one or two segments, like dairy, pharmaceutical, we've been focusing more, 
not across the board. But I'll say like in the last two years, we struggled a lot because of COVID. 
It's not been easy to meet customers. So people have been focusing more on the existing things. 
We have gained a good amount of business from specific customers who have had larger 
requirements. But yes, We're definitely improving industry mix from the FMCG segment as a 
whole; food, beverage, pharma and consumer package goods. Two, three segments where we've 
got a good gain. Now we're going on to solution providing going forward. So we'll see how that 
pans out for us. 
Dipen Shankar: 
So now, economy being back in action and more production is happening, so, do we expect 
consumables contribution increasing over next two to three years? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Like I said, overall growth, we are targeting about two times manufacturing growth, you can 
take it as industrial production or GDP like, substitutes for that. So, obviously, in the end the 
consumers all depends on the production, I cannot predict, obviously, if people adding more 
lines and more capacity, or they're selling more, then they will print more. So, like a dependent 
thing, nothing we can control, because once I give the printer to someone, then it depends on 
how much he's producing, for us print basis, like, we get quantum of ink. So it all depends, but, 
assuming the consumption increases, then production will increase. If production increases, then 
definitely they will print more. And we'll also get the advantage of printing on some applications, 
which maybe were not being printed before. So, that's a continuous increase there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As could be seen that we have posted the highest revenue on a quarterly basis and also on a 
yearly basis, so, we are now two-third into the first quarter. So, was it a seasonality effect for the 
March quarter or the momentum still continues, since the base has now increased and it is now 
the consumables that will be driving our profitability going forward? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Of course, April is sometimes subdued month because people have probably overworked in 
March. So, I think overall Q1 should be fine, it should not be a concern, but Q1 has always been 
good for us historically, and we see that the momentum of Q4 is also going to continue in Q1. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the consumable part, what should be our utilization level? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Again, volume growth is there in consumable. So now, we are 50% to 55% is where we are right 
now. We were earlier less than 50%, now we've crossed 50%. We have enough capacity for the 
next couple of years. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Saket Kapoor: 
About the Mask division, what would be the business plan currently? We have completely 
depreciated the asset for this year and what's the roadmap ahead? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Mask, obviously is dependent on the Covid wave. So, we hope that there is no more wave 
because coding and marking is more important to us than the Mask division and that is not 
something that we would focus on. Depreciation, yes, by the end of the year, most of the 
machinery should get depreciated. So, Mask will not be the driving force in this financial year 
for sure. Though, on a long term basis, we already have the FDA approval and once things are 
more normal globally, we will see if we can look for some good export opportunities for Mask, 
but as of now the focus will remain on the Coding and Marking. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But still sir, it is operating at optimum level, the type of turnover, the percentage mix will remain 
the same for this year also? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Definitely, Coding will be higher. Mask will not be at the same level as last year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
About the introduction of this new printer, I think two of them were introduced also and we were 
also planning for a new model of internet of things pertaining to that. So, where are we in midst 
of that launch? 
Rahul Khettry: 
To be honest, this was supposed to be launched towards the end of the last financial year. But 
like Mr. Shiva mentioned, globally the challenges of chip and conductors is affecting us also, 
and our partners in Germany. So the suppliers who have confirmed orders are defaulting and 
delaying the supplies. So we have already geared up, we've all purchased most of the components 
for the new launch of the printer, the training has been given to our factory in Nalagarh, and 
we're just hoping that we will be able to source the board quickly, and once that is done, we 
should be able to launch, next month or the month after that, hopefully, we will be giving some 
announcements on the launch of the printer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
To which specific industry, will the printers be aligned? 
Rahul Khettry: 
This will be our new CIJ printer. Now the technology is changing, so, the old printer will get 
replaced by this new printer. Industry will be the same but the customers will get higher end 
printer with more applications and more things like,  Industry 4.0 and IoT, those niche 
applications will be there in this printer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Price point? 
Rahul Khettry: 
It will remain the same, applications will be same, but they will get more features in the printer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Price point also, it will be significantly higher than what the selling price, what will be the --? 
Rahul Khettry: 
When we launch the printer, then we will take a call on price strategy. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Saket Kapoor: 
Two P&L items. This quarter, we have booked other income of Rs.1.57 crores and employee 
benefit expenses have gone up quarter-on-quarter, also year-on-year. So is it the employee 
benefit contribution towards profit percentage or anything else? 
Rahul Khettry: 
The other income is basically the dividend income which we receive on our investment portfolio. 
And employee cost benefit, we need to keep our employees and their incentive also, because 
sales are increasing, so incentives are being distributed more as well as we need to have a bench 
strength for our future business. So at this level, I think it will continue. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, we can look at a quarterly run rate of Rs.15 crores? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Around that or slightly lower. But if you see as a percentage, it is coming down; what we were 
two years back around 20 to 21%, now we're down to about 19%, to 19.5%. So with the increase 
of sales, I think we'll be able to absorb these employee benefits better. But it's required because 
it's a 750 plus team now, we have to retain the employee and they are important for our business. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The last two points. First, Innovative acquisition which we have done, how are things going 
ahead there? On the Sri Lankan write-off part? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Innovative is a new company. So they really grown in the last year after Control Print came in. 
And we had our recent board meeting and we are quite optimistic. this financial year also we'll 
see it grow to 3x, we are quite confident because of that business and it will continue to grow 
for the next few years is what our belief is. That's why we invested in Innovative. So though it 
is not significant to our balance sheet size right now, but maybe a couple of years down the line, 
it will be a good contributor. We're quite confident of Innovative. Sri Lanka you know the 
country, the economy, the political scenario, everything is under such a turmoil and there to be 
honest no visibility going forward, how they're going to come out of this situation, considering 
that the board has decided that we should try to wind up the operations and see what regulatory 
requirements are there in that country. So that process, we will be taking up in the next couple 
of months. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What has been our investment? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Like I said, we need to ascertain all the details regarding how much is the inventory there, how 
much is the receivable. In last few months, we have certain funds which are lying in our current 
account in Sri Lankan rupees. Even though I personally visited the bank a couple of months 
back, the bankers are not able to transfer it to India in US dollars, because, their biggest challenge 
is the foreign currency is not available. So we have to ascertain everything and then see how to 
wind it up. It's only last week that the board has given the go-ahead. So give us some time to 
work out. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, that is very correct sir, but just wanted to understand what percentage of business have we 
done for last year then from the Sri Lankan, is it any substantial or --? 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Rahul Khettry: 
No, I don't think, it's not been substantial, which will affect the Indian balance sheet. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for the answer and all the best to the team. I hope the momentum continues. For plant 
visit also sir, if things could be coordinated for the investors – 
Rahul Khettry: 
We will let you know that. Thank you for your good wishes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Devanshu Sampat from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Bunch of questions. So your printer sales in FY'22, they're just up about 2% on a YoY basis, 
Rs.2,500 this year versus Rs.2,952 last year? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Printer sales in volume term, I actually have it for the quarter, it was about 8% to be honest. If 
you take only the new printers like we have new and buyback, the new printers have grown 
about 7%. So that is encouraging because the customers are still buying the new printers. As of 
now, to be honest, the situation is on our side that we have a backlog like Mr. Shiva mentioned 
that the chips are in shortage, so, if this would have definitely been higher, we could have done 
maybe a few more printers and the percentage would have been higher. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
So this would essentially be an industry-wide issue, right? So would you have lost market share 
over here or would you have gained or how do --? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We've not had anything major as of now. Of course there is shortage across our competitors also. 
We've not cancelled any order or lost anything, it's just that there is the backlog, earlier we were 
supplying the printers faster once we receive the order, now there is a slight backlog, which has 
not led to cancellation. 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, impact is more on the cost because for the last few months we've been paying a lot 
more money for our parts, because we have to source it from the spot market to continue 
production and the situation honestly has only been getting worse. So the types of backlog that 
are there right now from the orders if you already win like even long ago is unacceptable. Yes, 
we are managing by paying a price, but it's obviously not….. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
How do you define installed base like 15,000 printers that you were saying we have installed 
base? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We take it more on the active printers, customers who are buying consumables or doing some 
service. We are in touch with them over the years. So that's what we call active installed base. 
All over the years is much more than 15,000, but like we always mentioned that you do lose 
some customers, some printers go out of operation, more or less we feel that about 15,000 
printers would be active with our customers. 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Can you give us a sense on what your printer numbers could have been if you would have been 
able to sell if there was no shortage of semiconductor? 
Rahul Khettry: 
It's not a major backlog, but we could have added another maybe 75 printers in the March figure. 
To clarify, the shortage is mostly on the CIJ printers, it's not like all our printers are in shortage, 
it's the CIJ that is our main focus all the time, but all the other range of printers, we are still able 
to supply, there is no great shortage. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
In your cash flow statement, there's a profit on sale of 3.13 crores. Can you let me know that is 
concerned with? 
Rahul Khettry: 
In Q1, we had mentioned it. Our site property in Maharashtra that is the one which we sell out, 
but then we were not doing anything concrete there, so we liquidated that. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Congrats to the team for bringing the inventory levels below 100, which has been a long request 
and I think a pressing point for the company as well. But you have also been mentioning that 
there will come a point after which inventory levels, we won't need a higher level of inventory. 
So, would it be fair to say that the Rs.65, 70 crores range is a good number to work with as 
inventory levels in absolute terms going ahead? 
Rahul Khettry: 
I think so. These are sustainable inventory. I would have said that this can come down a little 
more, but considering the current situation where we are transiting from one printer to the other, 
and there is shortages, like I mentioned, we bought the part for the new printer, but we just don't 
have the board. So inventory has gone up by a few crores which if we had the board, maybe that 
would have been sold out. I think definitely should not cross 70, 65, 70 is a good range. But once 
the new printer is launched and things are more stable, this can be worked on. So if you take the 
number of days of sales, with sales increasing, this should continuously come down. We always 
mentioned that we had to maintain critical spares which don't need to be added all the time, so 
that is giving us dividends now. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Once these problems are resolved, you're saying another Rs.5, Rs.10 crores inventory, we can 
still release over a two-year, three-year period? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Yes, I feel so. Again, all depends on what phase is at that level. I think now it is at a much more 
optimum level than it was a few years ago. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Any plan for CAPEX for the year? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Just like maintaining things I think. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
I have raised this question a bunch of times in the past. So, in one of the calls, Mr. Kabra also 
had assured that whenever there is no cash requirement, we will definitely pay it out and the 
payout ratio… of course the dividend has increased in absolute terms but the payout ratio has 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
come down to about 37% from about 40%, 45% levels in the last two years, and of course, the 
cash is piling up. So what is the management or the board view on this in terms of the reason for 
a low payout and managing the cash allocation, basically, if you can just give a sense on that? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, it's just a matter of having more firepower available in case there are options available 
for inorganic growth is what I'd say, maybe potentially larger investment opportunity. So, as you 
said, we are doing well and we focus on our core business, and we're looking more at getting to 
more solution-driven, integrated solutions is what we were looking at providing around coding 
and marking base and maybe also looking at certain opportunities in closely allied businesses. 
So I think that was the main reason. But, of course, if we don't find that right type of opportunity 
there, either we will reward the shareholder, I will expand the business fast, expand the right 
opportunity, if it is a right type of risk/reward profile, of course, we will return the money in 
terms of buyback or dividend or some sort of. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
In terms of time limit that we should essentially wait for till you can announce something to do 
with this? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I don't think there is anything specific. It has been discussed in the past, but I do think that if 
there is nothing that happens in the current financial year, then I'm sure we'll do something 
towards the back end of this year or the next financial year. We're generating cash and we're 
paying dividends. So, we are seeing what's there. Like I said, if we don’t see anything concrete, 
then we will definitely look at not holding too much cash beyond what is needed, but I can't give 
you the exact specific numbers. That's something we will discuss with the board and we will get 
back to you. I do say that we do have the AGM scheduled most likely in July and that's definitely 
a time where any person can also raise this question with the entire board post Q1 Results and 
all probably we will check with the board as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
It was interesting to see some of the marquee names in the FMGC space in the presentation. So, 
I wanted to check how easy or difficult it is to make in-roads into these companies because 
traditionally these companies have been served by more MNC vendors. I am talking about Lever, 
ITC or Marico, some of these names that figured in your presentation. 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, I don’t think that the issue for us has been there. We have been in a lot of consumer goods 
companies, Unilever, Marico, Emami, so we've actually been supplying a lot of consumer goods, 
life care, homecare companies. We've traditionally been weaker in the food and beverage space 
rather than these 2 sectors and in pharmaceutical also is much less. So, I think the issue is that 
it's going to require dedicated focus to win more market share from these companies, so there is 
more effort that has to be made. There is no doubt. It's definitely more work to get a competitor 
customer than to sell more to your existing customer as compared to a new customer who has 
not been using anyone. There is no doubt about that, but we have got our strengths and we are 
focused on explaining those to our competitor customers also and hopefully they see some value 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
in that, but like I said, it's not like our market share gains are not very dynamic in that type of 
situation, we don’t have to go from 18% to 40% of the market or 30% or something. It’s a few 
1% to 2% a year, so that’s the type of situation that’s there because once someone has a printer, 
it has got a life of 7 to 10 years and during that time, unless there's some real major issue, people 
are not really looking at replacement of that equipment.  
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Some of these major would be having both consumer business as well as they would have 
presence in the food business where we have a lower presence. So, being present in their 
consumer division, does that give us a leeway or does that help us to take our foot inside the 
food division business, which might be a different factory at a different location? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Unilever is the only big one that I know that has consumer and in the food also. That’s not a 
thing. We are printing those things, but that’s one customer. I'm talking about overall basis, most 
companies are like food companies and most companies are beverage company is a beverage 
company and then most companies are FMCG or personal care company is a personal care 
company. In personal care, we're actually doing fine traditionally, but we have not been as 
successful in food and beverage and pharmaceuticals. So, we are working on increasing our 
market share. We have got some penetration, but like you said, it's from a low base so it will 
take time to build up. We are not looking at it as a one-year thing. We are looking at this over a 
3-to-5-year horizon. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
In replying to one of the earlier questions, you said that we may be a launching the upgraded 
version of our CIJ with internet upgrade, so when we launch an updated printer, how does it 
work? The customers buy or we have to buy back their earlier printers? How does that work? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Normally, when we launch a new printer, generally it has some advantages or some 
improvements over the existing printers. So, there might be some differences also in terms of 
like a different ink bottle for example or ink system. It might not work exactly with the old 
printer. So, it might be different ink series. So, then each customer will decide whether you want 
to continue with the older printer generation or the new printer generation and the tendency is 
normally people purchase this when they have new requirements and at the point when they have 
new requirements, that's when they tend to purchase the new printer and slowly migrate over a 
few years from the current generation to the new generation. So, people are not going to like, I 
have launched a new printer and I have 18 printers and I am going to replace them all with the 
new printer, that's not the way it works. They will go for a phased replacement. They have 
requirement of 2 to 3 new lines. They will buy printer, they will evaluate it slowly, as they feel 
the older generation of printers are aging, they might slowly phase them out and replace with 
the newer printers. So, it is not like a wholesale replacement for sure. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
When the older printers are replaced, so these printers, do we buy them back or they are scrapped, 
how does that work? 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Shiva Kabra: 
Largely, they are scraped. What happens is most companies, it's their assets, so we are not really 
that interested in taking our old printers and doing any R&D on it because a lot of hydraulics 
and this thing is difficult to recycle. You have to make an entirely new set of parts for that. 
Participant: 
We don’t really buyback anything? 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, the tendency is more like you buy new equipment, you have the old equipment, and 
sometimes if you want to offer a little bit discount, you do in the form of buyback or something, 
but the basic focus is more on, you want a new printer, you buy the new printer and what you 
do with the old printer is your wish. Little bit more pressure on that now because of recyclability 
and all that. So, we're working more with our customers in offering them solutions for how to 
recycle their electronic waste. So, we are doing that also. So, we are working on that part 
actively. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rupen Masalia from RN Associate. Please go ahead.  
Rupen Masalia: 
I just want your view on total market opportunities. I guess currently it is around Rs. 1400 to Rs. 
1500 crores, so is there a scope to venture into some adjacent categories like tracking and tracing 
the technology or may be some other vertical or may be throw some inorganic route, so just want 
to know your view on this? 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, we are definitely working down the solutions path and we worked some concrete plans in 
place. We already offer track and trace solutions. So, right now, it is mainly being used by the 
pharmaceutical industry. We feel there are opportunities also outside of the pharmaceutical 
industry in coming times. We are already offering that, but what we want to do is make that 
more of a solution platform and we have got a few other solution platforms that we are working 
on. On top of that, of course, traceability and of course anti-counterfeiting and these are big 
issues for companies, branding and stuff like that. So, we are working on specific solutions base 
for the customer, but as far as inorganic opportunities go and organic opportunities, we are 
looking at that, there are a lot of adjacencies where we are because we are right in the cross 
between the digital printing industry and the packaging industry. So, there are many different 
areas where we can go at. So, we are trying to understand what are the things we can do. We are 
definitely going to go deeper into the printing part of things and we are also looking at getting 
more into the integrated solutions part where our printers are one of the key technologies used 
for delivering specific solutions to customers like anti-counterfeiting, like traceability and track 
and trace, inventory control, logistics management and stuff like that. It's a bit of a journey that 
we have to take to get to that level because it is a change of mentality from a product box selling 
company to solutions based approach without losing the core focus that we are having in the 
current market. So, it's going to be a transition.  
Rupen Masalia: 
Sir, in the medium term, that is over the next 3 to 5 years where do you see the overall 
opportunity size, let us presume that you venture out successfully in few of the adjacencies, so 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
over next 3 to 5 years, do you see this size from Rs. 1,500 crores to 1.5x or maybe 2x of current 
opportunity? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now what I would say is that the market would grow at about 1x to 1.5x manufacturing 
growth. So, if GDP is about 7% you can expect the market to grow at 8% to 10% and we should 
do hopefully faster than the market. That's for the coding and marking business. As far as the 
other things go, like I said we are doing into, we have started doing some track and trace 
solutions. Obviously, these are big markets, big solutions, but for us, it's still a new area because 
traditionally we are providing the entire solution. Traditionally, we've tied up with other people 
and we've just been providing our printers as part of the solution that they are giving, but the 
market opportunity is much bigger because we start looking at software opportunities. We start 
looking automation integration opportunities, we start looking in inventory control, branding, 
counterfeiting, those are things that directly impact the business in a large way. So, obviously 
the budgetary amount for those businesses are much larger and then when we are delivering 
something concrete and making a strong business case for customers in certain areas, then I 
would like to answer that question at that time. Otherwise, it is just speculation from my part, 
but definitely strong effort from our side to look into those areas. Like we said, if we successfully 
move in the market is big, let us prove that we are successful, let us focus on that right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. Please go ahead.  
Anurag Patil: 
Last 4 quarters, your gross margins have been declining, can you elaborate what is the 
sustainable number there and what is the current raw material pricing scenario? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Definitely, like I mentioned, the gross margins are under strain and that you would know that is 
across industry, it is not only about coding and marking. Commodity prices of everything 
including electronics, chemicals, solvent have definitely gone up. We have passed on some of 
the price increase to our customers, but it’s a slow process. We have to first pay our suppliers 
and always a challenge to get it from customers. So, the process is on. Hopefully, in this financial 
year, if the price increases are more stable and we are able to get from our customers, you will 
see the gross margins improving. In a stable period, definitely another 2% to 3% is something 
we can definitely pull back, but as of now the situation is not stable. Semiconductor market, like 
Mr. Shiva mentioned, we have to continuously buy on spot market to keep the production 
running, so that is something which is not in control. 
Anurag Patil: 
We have acquired one Company a couple of quarters ago, so that time you have mentioned, it's 
more of a lower end of printers that Company manufactures, so can you just tell what was the 
revenue contribution from that Company this year and if it increases, can it be gross margins 
because it's a lower end product? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Like I mentioned to one of the earlier questions, right now it is not significant, it's a new 
Company less than a year that Control Print has invested, but definitely we are happy with the 
progress that they are making, approaching the customers. Many of our printers are also now 

 
Control Print Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
installed. Like I said, we are also struggling to supply the printers and the business only comes 
in when we get consumables on the printers, which are installed similar to what we are talking 
about now at Control Print. As the install base increases, the consumables start driving the 
business. So, that is at a very nascent stage. Maybe we will have to give it at least 2 to 3 years 
before it starts showing on the Control Print balance sheet, but we feel that this year and the next 
year, they have good growth potential and we are confident that the business will grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Just wanted to have some clarity on this, so we have this technological arrangement with KBA 
Germany, so when is it expiring and when are we up for a re-negotiation? 
Rahul Khettry: 
I think it is valid till December 2026. Post that, we need to again do, but we do have a clause 
that we can extend it by another 5 years just by a mutual consent. So, we are doing well as 
partners. We have been there for more than a decade in partnership and I do not see there should 
be an issue in extending the contract, but we have to see closer to that date. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
And given the fact that the selling price of Indian printers is slightly less compared to the global 
peers, so going ahead, can we expect better order offtake from KBA Germany for the global 
markets?  
Rahul Khettry: 
We have geographical restrictions in our contract. So, our focus will be India and the Asian 
market. They will take care of it. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Control Print team any closing comments you want to make.  
Rahul Khettry: 
Thank you everybody for joining the call and hope everybody is safe and healthy. The pandemic 
definitely is not coming back soon hopefully in India at least and we look forward to a prosperous 
year globally and for Control Print. Thank you, Karan and Chorus for arranging the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Market Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
-X-X-X-X-X- 
