Registered Office & Global Headquarters: 
"YAMUNA', Survey No. 98/(3 lo 7), Plot No. 3, Saner. Pune · 411 045, 
Maharashtra. India 
Email: rnarketing@k!)l.co.in Website : www.kirtoskarpumps.co1n Tel : +91 
20 2721 4444 / 6721 4444 
Fax: +91 
20 6721 
10(10 
CIN No. l29113PN1920PLC000670 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KIRLOSKAR 
BROTHERS LIMITED 
r--T/7 
r0J. 
·~· 
ollg~edi 
~ 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
Wcblink: 
Please note that the said transcript 
has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
which can be accessed at the following link: 
In terms of the Regulation 30 and 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript 
of the subject referred Conference Cal! scheduled on 2611' May, 2022 with Analysts / Investors on Audited 
Financial Results tor the quarter and Financial Year ended 3P1 March, 2022. 
This is in continuation of our letter dated 2sn1 May 2022 giving intimation of the subject mentioned 
conference call and subsequently furnishing the weblink for accessing the Audio recording of the said 
conference call vide our letter dated 261h May, 2022. 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 & 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts/ Investors on Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31"1 March, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
(NSE Symbol ~ KIRLOSBROS) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
5111 Floor, Exchange Plaza, 
Sandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code - 500241) 
SSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship 
Department, 
2n'1 Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai~400001 
June 01, 2022 
SEC/ F: 22 
Enriching Lives 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
A Kirloskar Group Company 
I 
https://www.kirloskarpumps.com/investors/analyst-meeting-transcript/

Enriching Lives 
I 
Enriching Lives 
I 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Brothers Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 26, 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KIRLOSKAR – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED. 
MR. ALOK KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS INTERNATIONAL B V. 
MS. RAMA KIRLOSKAR, JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - KIRLOSKAR EBARA PUMPS LIMITED 
MR. CHITTARANJAN MATE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Kirloskar Brothers Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
operator assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Kirloskar – Chairman and Managing Director at Kirloskar 
Brothers Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss the financial 
results for Q4 as well as fiscal year 21-22. I hope everyone has had the opportunity to go through 
our financial results investor release and investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the 
stock exchange as well as our company’s website.  
The Company continued to witness strong operational recovery across geographies and business 
segments in Q4 of FY22. On a consolidated basis, the revenue grew by 32% on a sequential 
basis, and by 11%. on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PAT grew by 66% and 135% on year-
on-year basis for Q4 FY22 respectively. Similarly, the EBITDA and PAT margins witnessed a 
healthy expansion. The company has reported a resilient performance despite facing multiple 
challenges in terms of higher input and fuel cost, ongoing geopolitical conflict and supply chain 
disruptions. However, consolidated performance was impacted on a year-on-year basis due to 
pandemic led slow down the supply chain disruptions which affected the performance of 
overseas entities. FY22, consolidated revenue and gross profit grew by 13% and 7% 
respectively. Inflationary pressure on raw material costs, product mix, and inventory not getting 
converted into sales impacted the gross and EBITDA margins in FY22. The volatility in 
commodity prices as well as other input cost is expected to taper off by the end of H1 FY23.  
Our company has proactively undertaken multiple price hikes across the products to partially 
offset the impact. The company witnessed a healthy trajectory and inquiry generation during the 
entire year. Consolidated order book stood at Rs.2470 crore. This order book comfortably 
provides revenue visibility for a near and medium term. Please note that this order book does 
not include our retail pumps business which contributes approximately 50% towards standalone 
revenue. The momentum in order book is expected to continue in FY23, driven by a pickup in 
the private CAPEX cycle. An increased demand in higher oil and gas due to the recent price 
movement. The company is well on track to increase the share of high margin products and 
services, while reducing exposure towards low margin, lumpy and working capital, intensive 
EPC orders which account for close to 6% of revenues for FY22.  
In the year 2007 our company had acquired the Kolhapur Steel’s Limited, the company 
manufacturing large steel castings for pumps as well as other products. It has been a useful 
source for castings required for our large pumps. This company has made profits and declared 
dividends in the past. It’s only in the last few years that it has incurred losses as recession in the 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
capital goods industry, and more particularly in the power sector, brought down the demand for 
large pumps. KBL has undertaken various measures to augment its facilities and to bring new 
customers under its fold. Company management is confident about turning around the fortunes 
of this company. However, with a conservative accounting policy KBL has made a provision of 
Rs.251 million for impairment in the value of its investment in Kolhapur Steel Limited. This has 
brought down KBLs profit before tax. I will now request Mr. Alok Kirloskar, Managing Director 
Kirloskar Brothers International B V to share his thoughts on the performance of the 
international business. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Thank you. In the international business our company, both South Africa and Thailand continued 
to do better on the operational front. However, the continued depreciation of the Thai baht during 
the whole year led to sharp Forex losses on Thai baht 14.69 million for FY22 which has impacted 
the EBITDA and profitability of the Thai business. The U.S. and UK businesses witnessed a 
slight degrowth on the top line due to ongoing geopolitical conflicts and supply chain 
disruptions. However, the company continued to focus on cost realization and increasing the 
penetration with a subscription platform which is our service business. The margins were still 
retain even with much lower sales if compared to previous years. The Dutch business is expected 
to witness recovery in FY23. Looking at the historical numbers, you will notice that it’s had one 
of the lowest sales because of all sorts of disruptions and also little difficulty in moving orders 
towards sales because of various geopolitical issues. But even with the lowest sales year to date, 
the EBITDA margins have been while negative still in control compared to previous years, 
which reflects the much lower cost base in the Netherlands.  
The international order book stands at 681 crores along with a healthy pickup in inquiry flow. 
The company is expecting strong traction oil and gas products driven by recent upward 
momentum in the crude oil prices. The company remains well positioned to leverage this 
opportunity underpinned by a wide spectrum of products in the oil and gas sector, as well as 
large framework contracts on the service side in the oil and gas sector. With this let me invite 
Ms. Rama Kirloskar, Jt. MD of KBL and MD KEPL to take you through the performance of 
domestic subsidiaries. Thank you. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Thank you Alok. In the domestic markets, the company continued to witness strong recovery 
cross products, the company’s strategically launched new products across geographies and 
product segments during the year. The company also continued to debottleneck its 
manufacturing facilities. The retail and agri pumps segment witnessed partial impact due to 
prolonged rain across the country along with subdued consumer sentiments due to multiple 
waves of COVID-19. However, improved consumer sentiments and expectation of a normal 
monsoon are expected to drive the recovery in the retail and agri pump segment in H1 FY23.  
Now coming to the domestic subsidiaries and JVs. Karad Projects and Motors and Kirloskar 
Ebara Pumps Limited reported robust performance for FY22. KPML witnessed a robust 55% 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
revenue growth and 82% PBT growth on a year-on-year basis for FY22. Similarly, KEPL 
witnessed a healthy year-on-year revenue growth of 22% and PBT growth of 34% in FY22. The 
Kolhapur Steel too witness growth in production and revenue. Multiple initiatives have been 
undertaken for the turnaround of the Kolhapur Steel Limited and we remain confident to make 
it profitable in the coming quarters. With this let me invite Mr. Chittaranjan Mate, our CFO for 
the financial performance highlights. 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Thank you Rama. Good morning everyone. Now, let me first take you through quarterly 
financial results. The company continues to report excellent financial performance on a 
consolidated basis revenues stood at 954.4 crores a growth of 32% and 11% on sequential and 
year-on-year basis respectively. EBITDA and PAT stood at 98.3 crores and 47 crores which 
grew 66% and 135% on sequential basis respectively. Gross margin and EBITDA margins on a 
year-on-year basis were impacted due to reasons as mentioned by our CMD earlier. However, 
the company remains confident in improving its performance significantly going forward. On a 
standalone basis revenues stood at 762.8 crores compared to 641.8 crores a growth of 19% year-
on-year. This contributed, approximately 80% of the total consolidated revenue, EBITDA was 
at 97.3 crore and EBITDA margin was at 12.8%. PAT for Q4 stood at 37.4 crore. 
Now coming to FY22 financial highlights on a consolidated basis revenue stood at 3057.6 crores 
compared to 2716.5 crores, a growth of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA was at 238 crore as against 
294 crore. PAT stood at 135 crores as compared to 182 crores .(This was wrongly mentioned as 
PAT, it should be read as  PBT stood at 135 crores as compared to 182 crores) That is all from 
our side. We can now begin question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay with O3 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
See, I have one or two questions. The first was on the SPP side. Earlier the proportion of revenue 
from oil fields and not what’s pretty significant for that company. What is the current exposure 
to oil and gas and again, offshore side and are we seeing increase, what we are hearing is the 
CAPEX, again improving on the offshore side. So are we getting increased orders and what is 
the outlook on that business. And currently, what is the size of share of that business in SPP? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Thank you for that question. I remember back in 2012, 2013, when the company was really 
flying, oil and gas was about 65 to 68 sometimes even 70% of turnover. At the moment, the 
share of oil and gas, which includes everything is slightly under 20%, because as part of the 
diversification exercise, we have moved away from oil and gas. But that said, through those 
years we have retained the expertise, the people, the technology, we did not let go of that. And 
that was quite a heavy cost, but we were betting on the fact that, there wouldn’t be a day when 
oil prices would come back up. So we retain the strength of being in the business. I’ve explained 
this in a previous call that one of the areas we diversified into was framework contracts. And 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
today we have three to five year framework contract depending on company but between three 
to five years with PETRONAS, with Shell, With Crystal or who took over Shell and British Gas 
assets, as well as many other newer players like Apache and Neptune, who are coming into the 
industry as the super major started selling off the assets. And a lot of the assets were taken over 
by the private equities. So, I would say there are two parts of this business now since your 
question is about oil and gas, we are today had exposure in offshore oil and gas through services 
which are through framework contracts and through products. Yes, we are seeing an uptake in 
the investment and CAPEX of oil and gas. But, I will also say it is nowhere close to the level 
that we have seen in 2012 and 2013 because there’s still a concern from a lot of the players, 
super majors of having stranded assets, if they invented significantly, but they are investing there 
are a few projects coming online. And we are definitely part of them. And we’ve also bagged 
orders for quite a few of them. I would say that we are seeing more resurgence right now on the 
services side, because a lot of people upgrading the existing oil fields. And that’s really where 
we are seeing some resurgence and a lot of the order book that we have booked in the earlier 
part of the year really is in that area. And to be fair we are reasonably happy with that because 
that tends to have better margins. Does that answer your question. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, one thing. What is the impact of raw material and are the service contracts yearly, and the 
spares is a separate part of those service contracts or the spares is included in those service 
contract? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So the service contract is a three to five year contract. It is not really based on material prices, 
because our job is really to ensure uptime of the pumps on the platforms. So it is not, if you want 
to say it’s not a fixed price contract if that’s what you want to say, it is basically a contract that 
says we are exclusive and it is our responsibility to ensure uptime. So that’s really where it comes 
in, so material cost really does not come into play. Spares is not part of this contract. Whatever 
we suggest as part of the services side of the business, the operators will buy those spares. Now 
some of the spares will come from us which are our own. Many of them are from our competitors 
and today we are offering that we will make those using our 3D printers So, we are making many 
of those spares and of course we give a guarantee for them because we know what your 
efficiencies will be. So, we handle the spares in that way, does that answer your question. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes. And one thing on the domestic market and again on the power side, see we are seeing a 
significant amount of CAPEX in Europe and many other geographies on ways to heat power 
plants, even in India, we are seeing captive power plants, again starting to move because of large 
CAPEX which is happening on steel and which has been announced. One gap that we had in the 
product was boiler feed pumps and we were trying to fill that gap. What is the situation currently 
and are we focusing in power segment which is large for us, even in Europe and all those 
geographies where a lot of CAPEX is getting announced on even fossil fuel power plants or 
again we used to heat and all gas and all those. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I would say there are two parts of this question and we’ll answer them separately one is whether 
we have a boiler feed pump and second is how active are we in domestic and international power 
business. So, to answer the part of how active we are, I would say that in India, there are  projects 
that have been floated but they are still in very in inquiry stages as you also mentioned yourself, 
we are not yet at the order placement stage in many of them. On the international side, we see a 
large number of coal fire power plants combined cycle power plants coming up in the various 
stans, the Uzbekistan, Tajikistan. So we are involved, we are working with them through our 
Turkish companies, because normally Turkish EPC companies are the ones taking part in these 
contracts. And we are quite well positioned for many of these contracts because we have quite 
good relations with a lot of new large Turkish EPC companies. On the other side in South East 
Asia, we see such projects coming up in Thailand and Indonesia. Again, we are well positioned, 
we already bagged some projects for coal fire power plants over there. So, I would say outside 
India we are reasonably well prepared for these projects, inside India it is still very preliminary. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I would just like to add two more points. One is that the Kirloskar Ebara makes the boiler feed 
pumps and for power we have had successes for boiler feed pumps, including our largest pump 
which was supplied through Hyundai Engineering to Mirfa power plant in the UAE. On the 
nuclear side also, a few years ago we announced that we had received a development order for 
boiler feed pump. That pump is the first and I’d like to emphasize that is the first totally designed 
and totally manufactured in India not using imported components or anything else. So that we 
expect to deliver, it’s completed most of its test so this is part of that fleet order program. It has 
completed most of its tests and we expect that all the tests will be completed by each one this 
year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One thing sir. In between in terms of R&D, we were seeing R&D happening at the Kirloskar 
Brothers so segmental in 2012, 13, 14 on the boiler feed pump. So have we right now decided 
that everything and all sizes of boiler feed pumps will come through Kirloskar Ebara only and 
nothing will be made in Kirloskar Brothers Limited? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
We work closely with all the subsidiaries as well as joint ventures. So, wherever machinery is 
available, those kinds of pumps will be made there. The order for Mirfa was totally made in 
KEPL. It is tested in KBL because KBL has a large test facility capable of testing pumps up to 
six megawatts. Similarly, there was joint work done on  R&D between KEPL and KBL. For the 
nuclear side, the order was taken by KBL because of the fact that KBL has been working with 
the Nuclear Power Corporation since the late 70s. And it will be delivered by KBL. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. One last question on Braybar pumps again, it was on the mining side. And it had a pretty 
decent market share in Africa and that’s why it was acquired. What is the outlook on that 
business and are we seeing increased traction on that business also because commodity prices 
have gone or increased pretty dramatically, so what is the outlook on that company? 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I would say that, that company is captured as you can see in the presentation and Braybar which 
is a South African entities which includes Braybar and SPP, you would probably see that the 
numbers are slowly looking better in the South African business. And that’s really because, as 
we’ve been saying, we have been focusing on increasing our framework contracts, service 
contracts, and the international business has said we will take 50% as a target, 50% the business 
should come from service. And South Africa is the one closest at 50% mark. They’re still in the 
40s but they’re closing it soon with large contracts with minds with people like Eskom who have 
mines, doing service contracts. So yes, we do see more traction in there. I would not say it’s 
enormous because of the commodity prices going up. But, I would say that also it is basically 
the change in the profile of having a service business and doing this in water services as well as 
power plants as well as mines that’s being reflected in the numbers. The other of course, is that 
the South African government has the broad base black empowered requirements. And at the 
moment, we are compliant and that’s positive for the last few years, as you can see that’s a 
benefit to be compliant to that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from line of Sunil Kothari with Unique PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My question is to Mr. Sanjay Kirloskar. Sir broadly, I want to understand the larger picture. So 
looking at the global supply chain disruption, some disconnect or discomfort with supply from 
China, Western world slow, since many years stop minting, producing there in terms of this 
machinery, pumps and mechanical products. Do you see any larger opportunities for us as a 
Kirloskar Brothers and how prepared we are for that? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you, because the last few years have been going up and down. But if anything, I would 
say that, this company is quite well prepared for all the opportunities that come up all around the 
world. I like to say and I think I’m correct, that we are the only Indian company that designs 
pumps for global markets. And that the R&D is done, not only in India, but also in Europe, and 
the United Kingdom. Our presence in the United Kingdom, as well as Holland gives us the 
window into what’s going on, in the developed Western market, the latest efficiency norms that 
are going to be coming up, the machinery directive that come up. And that helps us actually stay 
ahead and be able to offer products for global companies and for global markets. There was a 
sense that KBLs exports are mainly into Africa. But actually KBLs business, if you look at it, 
the largest business outside India is the United States, followed by Europe and our products are 
quite capable of being sold around the world, our customer if you look at our presentation, the 
list of global customers that we have also are Fortune 500 companies, which very few other 
Indian companies would have. So, I think we are well set with manufacturing or packaging 
facilities in different parts of the world, or in different parts of the world, in different trading 
blocs, our presence in America allows us to sell all not only in the U.S., even under the latest 
make by American policy which calls for over 55% local value addition but also in the United 
Kingdom, which is no longer part of EU, from Holland into the EU, South Africa into COMESA 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
and Thailand into ASEAN. So, as far as KBL is concerned, the opportunities there were being 
able to gain market share, which we have been doing now, in the last two or three years.  
As far as supply chain disruptions China, these are common for everyone. It’s not necessarily 
only KBL. It has been the commodity price rises, and has affected us as we have said a little 
earlier during the call. And what I’ll do is now, I will ask Alok to say a few more words beyond 
this. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
The only point I’ll add is that, we are not so dependent on Chinese content in any of our 
companies, whether domestic or any of the international companies. So that’s one aspect to 
consider. The other also is that, we have been changing the let’s call it Western business versus 
our Eastern businesses, in terms of the CAPEX cycle and those business and OPEX cycle in 
those businesses, as you would imagine, the CAPEX that was invested in businesses are not the 
same level, except for of course some commodity and oil and gas type businesses in the recent 
past. And that’s one of the reasons why we are pushing our western businesses to be more service 
oriented, where there is a higher CAPEX spend. And our eastern businesses, which is India, and 
of course South East Asia to be more product oriented, where there are CAPEX spent. So, I 
would say that really the general strategy and we are seeing slowly the benefits of that, because 
each business requires a baseline business. And outside India, I mean, SPP brand is a niche brand 
it’s a brand known in Firefox, and we’ve sort of extended that brand into different areas. So, we 
want to build a brand overseas, like we have the Kirloskar brand in India. And to get that base 
level business and that level of acceptance, and when I say Kirloskar brand, I mean, one of our 
brands be it Kirloskar Oil, SPP, or it is SyncroFlo, or it’s Braybar or its Rodelta, but we need 
that presence and we need to be able to attract that level of business like we can attract in India.  
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
And just to say a little bit more about China, there’s very little that we import from China at all, 
and we also don’t sell much into China, whatever we sell from India that is, whatever we sell 
into China either goes from our western factories, again but very little sales into China. And 
when we come to our customers, we don’t have any Chinese competition for any of our products. 
We don’t see them even in South East Asia. For any of the engineered products, I think the 
problem is the ability to speak the language at the moment, I’m sure China will get over it with 
the ability to understand the customer’s requirements and deliver to that customer’s requirements 
that’s where they need to work. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir my second question is just comparing KSB with us, they are a local player basically 
multinational, but focus in  India, we are a global player and focus. And they are talking about 
some better numbers in terms of growth, margin. We also done really good job during last four, 
five years to come back to double digit EBITDA margin last year 2021, consolidated level. And 
our aspiration is also to reach some mid teen numbers maybe midterm, maybe three year, four 
year, five year whatever. Do you feel now that trusts or that importance of getting better margin 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
and better profitability, will be the highest priority and should we see those in near term to 
medium term. Would you like to comment in terms of EBITDA margin? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I would not like to take names and compare companies. What I would say is, look at because we 
are more like KSB Germany, with the R&D costs and everything else, which the local KSB 
doesn’t have to. We are also and hopefully you will see that, that our projects business is getting 
closed, step-by-step. So we are becoming more and more a product related company. Our 
turnover reflects that. But we still need to make some provisions every year and maybe Mr. Mate 
can tell you how much we’ve done this year. It’s much lower than the previous years, but some 
provision had to be made. So we’re doing that and step-by-step you can definitely in the next 
few years, look at us and KSB and see how we perform. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Great sir, congratulations and if Mr. Mate would like to comment on the provision we made or 
the possibility for current years 22-23? 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
I would like to say that for 21-22 we have made a provision of about 16 crores. And at least at 
present we do not anticipate any provision for 22-23 because as on the date, whatever our known 
such figures we have already provided. 
Sanjay Kirloskar:  
So, this used to be earlier about 60, 70 crores to lower and lower numbers, so last year was 16. 
Sunil Kothari: 
So, sir with since lower and lower provisioning also we are going towards the respectable margin 
but yet we deserve to be more so, would you like to comment that this 11%, 12% consolidated 
EBITDA margin is visible in a year or two or yet it’s a distant? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I totally agree with you, you will see that, as it is difficult to make any kind of prediction, 
especially now when there’s a war going on in Western Europe, with all kinds of disruptions. 
The situation is too fluid, commodity prices going up and down. But we will try our best that I 
can assure you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Bhagyesh Kagalkar with HDFC 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Sir, this is regarding the financial numbers, this year we had a fall in cash generation from 
operations. The PBT was essentially so what is the outlook for the broadly for next two to three 
years, how do you control the savings and debt okay, you intend to repayments the balance sheet 
is far healthier than what it used to be. But still, this year has been sort of a negative reversing 
the trend. So, what do you feel in next two to three years essentially, the financial goals what the 
company has? 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
I would like to say that, you must have seen that over the last few years, our debts have gradually 
come down. And now our net debt is practically negative, the funds on hand, the current 
investments and cash and bank balance is more than our borrowing. And as we are coming out 
from project business, recovering all retentions and the security deposits and focusing on product 
business. Our working capital would definitely improve further year-on-year and we are keeping 
tabs on CAPEX. That way, whatever is the growth in every year what we are participating would 
need only some balancing CAPEX and some replacement but there is no any major CAPEX 
planned. So in normal circumstances, we expect financials and capital to improve further.  
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Okay. And sir my second question is to Mr. Kirloskar you mentioned the KSB, how the R&D 
work there, the local companies do not cost a little longer run you would like to be as good as 
them in parts with you maybe already essentially. But then what are the further investments 
needed to achieve that kind of a brand image in the industrial circles essentially. It is on CAPEX 
front or it is on R&D front if you take next five to 10 years view? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Are you talking India or overseas? 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
With whatever your mind tells you in India or overseas? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I don’t think because the company continuously invest in CAPEX as well as other technologies 
that are there. If you go on the website today, you will see that KBL India has AR, VR, that’s 
augmented reality, virtual reality, it has IoT pumps, which are controlled through the Internet of 
things. which KSB India doesn’t have. Of course KSB Germany has it. So, these are the 
investments that KBL has made. KBL wants to be a global player and it already is to a certain 
extent, but in those areas, there’s a lot of work which KSB Germany, I don’t want to mention 
names, but which Indian companies which are subsidiaries of foreign companies will get on a 
platter. We also are looking at different product lines to get into as new opportunities come up, 
but we don’t expect much CAPEX because we already have all the facilities internally. And I 
didn’t bring up KSB, someone else brought it up. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Okay. Coming to the manpower issues, is there a shortage of good R&D engineers or good 
product engineers or say good talent in your manufacturing companies?  
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
No, we don’t have any issue with good R&D engineers, tell me which other Indian company has 
products which are bought by global majors. Finished product, I’m not talking components, 
which are designed to someone else’s designs, which are made to someone else’s designs, but is 
there any other Indian company that you know which sells to Bechtel, which sells to Alstom, 
Siemens, Marubeni, any South Korean EPC, into the water companies in Britain, even from 
India. So, I think Indians are as capable as any foreign designers it’s only unfortunate that we 
don’t accept that we are as good as foreigners. We’ve come across situations especially with 
certain large consultants or end customers and Indian ones who say where your proven track 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
record is. And we say that yes, we are making it for the first time in the country, for many years, 
for decades actually, ever since the 1920s and 1930s this company has been making products 
for the first time in the country for the country. And it’s unfortunate now that Indian companies 
ask for a proven track record. And in such cases, KBL and its subsidiaries associated companies 
have been able to get proven track record references from companies like Saudi Aramco, who 
have far more trust in us than an Indian company. And we have also a pool of designers. As we 
have mentioned earlier, in UK, in Netherlands, we work with various universities directly from 
here or from those companies. So, we are quite capable of recruiting people also from foreign 
nations, if we need anything. And as HDFC and if you’re investing in companies, please do ask 
your wherever you invest, to ensure that they buy Indian goods. Indian designed goods and I 
would also like to add that in the last five years, eight of our products have received India design 
mark. This is something that was setup by the design groups in CII and NID, that’s what they 
do.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia with SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Sir there’s a couple of questions. Sir one is, if you can just elaborate a bit more on how are the 
rise price through happening, the commodity inflation in B2B as well as our B2C pumps. If you 
could just help us understand.  
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Can you just repeat that question, because it was a little muffled? 
Devansh Nigotia: 
How are the pass through is happening for the commodity inflation which is there right now. So 
how are the end customers in B2B, as well as the B2C part of the business responding to that?  
Alok Kirloskar: 
Can we just repeat your question just for clarity, are you asking us how is the price rise happening 
to our B2C and B2B customers, is that your question? 
Devansh Nigotia: 
How are the customers responding to it and how is the demand scenario shaping up, are we 
seeing the delays in projects because of such high inflation or so if you can just elaborate a bit 
more on how is it happening at the customers end? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
In B2C we’ve been implementing price rises throughout the year, and all of them have been 
accepted. In B2B also we’ve had three price rises in this period, in the large project business, 
because there is a certain time that is required to manufacture the pump to get clarity even after 
you quote, it takes time to get the order. And then the pumps are also long lead time items. And 
the customer tends to be public sector or government. That is where it gets to be a little difficult 
to pass on the price rise, but we have not seen any problem in focusing on price rises in the other 
areas. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay, and if you could just elaborate on the mix of agri pumps and residential pumps as a 
percentage of our total sales for this year. Also, if you can just share how has the demand scenario 
been this year and considering the demand of the fresh construction in real estate, how is that 
helping our residential pump scale up, are we seeing trying to scale up there or how we? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
This is one area that we don’t give breakups. Other than, if you see in the presentation there is 
some on order booking you will see that it is strong across the board. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay, but sir that is for the B2B business, that’s not for the B2C business, it’s not for residential 
pumps or the agricultural pumps? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
We don’t give those numbers. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. And sir how is the demand scenario been this year for both the end segment? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
For which segment? 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Agricultural pumps and residential pumps? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So, for agri and residential because of the commodity prices, we do see price sensitivity amongst 
the customers. So, I will not say that if there is very high demand, but we should still see smooth 
growth over the years.  
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. And in case of oil and gas, when we look at the order book break up that is probably less 
than 5% of the mix. So is it we are consciously not very aggressive in this segment or at the 
customer, and the CAPEX is still not happening in a big way you mentioned in some initial 
remarks that there is more of service demand and CAPEX demand. So how exactly are we 
shaped, prepared for this demand? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
So oil and gas that you see in the presentation is I believe domestic that’s part of the domestic 
business, 69 is the order book for Q4 FY22. So this is actually the utility part of the oil and gas 
segment. KEPL actually addresses the hardcore oil and gas segment and therefore I’ll ask Rama 
to speak about this. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So, when you look at oil and gas you need to look at it as in its entirety and KEPL is mostly oil 
and gas, whether it is pumps or turbines, it caters to the American Petroleum Institute Certified 
Pumps, those are the ones that go into the refinery, and pumps the different types of crude oil. 
So we do see growth in that area as you know there are a lot of projects that have been coming 
up both domestically and internationally. And we are catering to those projects. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay, so that domestic CAPEX in oil and gas has not been that aggressive as it has been 
internationally because if I look at the domestic mix of oil and gas, it hasn’t scaled up in a big 
way? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Actually, there have been a lot of expansions in domestically, there has been that big greenfield 
refinery that’s coming up in Rajasthan, I’m sure you have heard about it Barmer Refinery. There 
are large pipeline projects, there are expansion projects. So, actually the Indian market is 
booming, we did see a delay in the international segment. But mostly there were delays and there 
were no cancellation. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
And the orders that have been placed in that would be seen in KEPLs order book, it will not be 
seen in this presentation because this is only for the utility side. You can see that it’s gone from 
40 to 69 over here, and that’s only the utility side. From one year ago to this year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda with Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir a couple of questions, one on the standalone P&L side, so from the initial commentary you 
mentioned that the provision number is lower. So it’s about 16 crores versus 60 crores that you 
have provided for. Now, I can understand the gross margin impact because of higher commodity 
price, but I still couldn’t understand why has the other expenses line moved up so much, which 
is impacting the margin more, despite lower provision. And if you could give some color on this 
other expenses line and its movement, this is my first question. My second question is, we have 
operations in South Africa, Thailand, Netherlands and UK. In terms of the absolute EBITDA 
that these businesses contribute, combined, is not so significant. And it’s been some years that 
we go through these ups and downs. And we are ourselves saying that West India is where rest 
of the world is where it’s largely maintenance CAPEX or service, CAPEX and the entire growth 
CAPEX usually happens in Eastern part of the world. Why not, free up the management 
bandwidth, and just concentrate on the India part of the business, and it’s been quite a number 
of years that we are involved with these international operations. So, from a strategic perspective 
any thoughts?  
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Yes, I would respond to your first question first, this is about other expenses. I’m sure you are 
referring to our results. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I am referring to the annual number only. 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Yes, so I’m taking that. It increased from 331 crores to 441 crores, that’s what I believe you are 
referring. So these other expenses include a major portion, which is manufacturing and selling 
expenses. The rest two things our manufacturing, our sale increase by roughly 20% but the 
product mix was such that more number of bear shaft pumps increase, which increase 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
manufacturing expense per se. And another thing we always talk about increase in input 
commodity prices. But last year, we also witnessed increase in all other expenses like power, 
cost, transportation charges, employee cost because of increase in DA rates by government. So 
overall expense level increased and our production in terms of number of pumps increased. This 
is the main reason.  
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
As far as the other question on international business, even earlier I have mentioned that rather 
be a small fish in a large pond than a big fish in a small pond. So we would like to be a global 
player. We’re building ourselves to be a global player and our product line reflects that, our 
service offerings reflect that. And there’s a lot that we learn from being outside the country. So 
yes, the last few years have been bad. It wasn’t so before 2015 and we expect that we will get 
back with large earnings from the foreign businesses.  
Alok Kirloskar: 
Just to add to your point, I don’t think it’s been up or down, since 2015 it really been down 
significantly. And that’s because, SPP which alone would give us between 45 and 50 crores of 
profit a year at PAT level was heavily dependent on oil and gas. Really we are trying to repurpose 
these overseas companies and yes, like I mentioned to you there is a change in the CAPEX, but 
we should look at that in context of the global environment, India in a $46 billion pump industry 
contributes little under, just about $2 billion and the rest 45 or 44 billion is outside of India. And 
they all that 44 billion is in the territories where we are. So, like our Chairman mentioned earlier, 
that’s our focus is how do we get there. Yes, as a percentage of that there is a large proportion 
of aftermarket and services. But when you’re in such a large market, the amount of CAPEX also 
is far more than India anyway, when I said that there is a growth, the mixture is in preference of 
OPEX that is as a percentage of their market. But if you look at a percentage of India, then 
obviously they’re far larger than India. So, we should also look at that in the right context.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Sir, one additional question on margin side, so you’re responding to one of the participants 
on the double digit margin number. Optically a lot has to come from standalone operations 
because that’s where the significant business is, but when I look at the numbers we have been in 
6%, 7%, or between 6% and 9% margin. So to move from there, to a double digit number, which 
will obviously drive the console number as well. Will it be purely a function of operating 
leverage? 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
I would say operating leverage as well as controlling cost as we go down further, because certain 
material costs which increased because of certain orders already booked, but it is a one time but 
going forward, we do not expect such a hit year-on-year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And our current operations in domestic. So let’s say we did about 2000, 2200 crore 
revenue. I see this number even three years back, so our current operations based, out of our 
current factory base, what kind of revenues it can support, because now any case 93% of our 
business is product is what I could figure out from the presentation. So the current operations 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
can support what kind of revenue or what utilization figure this 2000 crore refers to other way 
around. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
It would represent around between 50% and 60% capacity utilization. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
There’s still a lot of spare capacity and as you can see, the order board is moving up, we hope 
that we will be able to meet your expectations. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, your CAPEX will be less than depreciation number for quite some time? 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Our depreciation and CAPEX I would say, it won’t be less than that, but one or two year it makes 
exceed depreciation but it won’t have any major impact on our financials. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you are creating capacity somewhere for which it has to go higher or your capacities or your 
plants are old, so you need to put it? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
It is mostly automation and modernization that we are investing in. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, which should bring in some margin? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Yes, and debottlenecking. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. From a standalone double digit margin perspective, how far do you think you are from 
achieving it? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
It’s difficult to give you an answer to that question looking forward. Like I said earlier, I don’t 
want to make any commitment, but we will try our best to reach that as quickly as possible. 
Because, consistently it’s been going up so we’ll be trying our best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anurag Patil with Roha Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir on the domestic B2B side, how do you see the order booking 
momentum in FY23 and which segments you see growing at much faster rate? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
The B2B side basically in our chart covers irrigation, water management, power, oil and gas, 
marine, defense, industry, building construction. So these are traditionally our B2B businesses. 
We have seen that, there has been growth in building, construction industry. There has been 
some growth in marine and of course, there’s investment right now in oil and gas, we have not 
seen much growth in power, because while they are projects outlined, they are not at a level 
where they are at provision. And we see some growth in irrigation and water resources, but it’s 
a very, very competitive and cutthroat market. And then we’re talking about double digit 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
margins, that’s something that’s a barrier if we start taking significant jobs there. So, really it’s 
a balance of where we are playing and the main areas industry, buildings construction we have 
made some changes, we had talked about this in our call last time, where we have now AP OEMs 
in India, where we have four AP OEMs in India, which allow for packaging of our pumps. And 
this has really changed the dynamic where we have been able to reduce lead times from maybe 
16 weeks down to about on a consistent basis about six weeks. So, this is changing the market, 
is helping us gain market share, and we are seeing the benefit of that in the numbers of industrial 
pumps that have been sold. Does that answer your question? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
And I would like to add that, last year in our small and medium pumps business, which looks 
after industry, building and construction and other areas, but these are pumps below 500 
kilowatts, we have had a 66% rise in volume without addition of much CAPEX. And this is a 
demand that has come through the AP OEM. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
AP OEM network which we outlined during our last call a changed strategy that we have been 
pushing and developing over the last five years. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. And in the Kolhapur Steel you have mentioned that you’re confident of turnaround. So, 
can you elaborate what is the actual on ground strategy that we are implementing for the 
turnaround? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So, for Kolhapur Steel, as you know it was a captive foundry which means that most of the 
orders that TKSL itself got was from KBL and that too from the power sector, mostly from the 
power sector and the oil and gas sector and with the crash in the power sector. Because of the 
scenarios known to all of us. The order booking suffered for TKSL so we have got a go to market 
strategy done for TKSL for looking at other options that it can cater to. So some of the other 
areas that TKSL will be looking at will be casting not only for pumps, and turbo machinery, but 
also areas like shipbuilding, shipping, earthmoving, etcetera. So we are doing a go to market 
strategy for TKSL unfortunately because of the pandemic we were not able to complete many 
of the pre-qualification audits by potential customers. So, that should start again this year. That 
is where we had issues really, because of the pandemic. So we should see the improvement soon. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. And one last question do we have any direct sales exposure to Russia and Ukraine? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
No, we don’t have any direct sales exposure to Russia from here. I just like to make a correction, 
because there was a question on oil and gas a little earlier, I noticed that there is a typo in the 
investor release. Where it says that for oil and gas the Q4 order book was 40 for fiscal year 21. 
The Q1 for fiscal year 22 is not 836 it is just 36 and then 42, 68, 69. So there’s one number, 
which is a typo, it doesn’t change the total. It’s just that in the oil and gas row, that number has 
somehow become 836 instead of 36. That’s all. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Amar Kedia with Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amar Kedia: 
I had a question on KEPL, you have a part of the API turbine business sitting in there just wanted 
to understand the size and potential opportunity in this business that is one. Second is from what 
I understand companies like AVB and Siemens, they have been talking about replacing these 
drive turbine by electrical drive. So does that impact opportunities for you in any way? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So these drive turbines are mostly for the oil and gas sector. So again, they are API drive turbines. 
So, I do not believe they are going to be replaced by electric drives anytime soon. Second, is that 
these turbines have a lot of potential. We had some issues with proven track record, which is 
why that does not show in our booking. But this year we were able to get most of the PTRs that 
we require to cater to this segment and we are also very aggressively going for export markets. 
So we should see this sector growing. 
Amar Kedia: 
Any size or total addressable market opportunity you can talk about in this business. I also 
understand that your partner Ebara for example, so they separately participate through Elliott 
Ebara in this market already. So how does that overall arrangement works for you?  
Rama Kirloskar: 
Right, so Ebara and Elliott don’t actually have any impact on KEPL simply because number 
one, we have a more cost effective product and our efficiencies are also good. So we don’t 
actually have an issue or an issue because of them. If at all it was an issue because of PTR which 
we have now. So, I don’t see any issue because of the JV partner. To answer your second 
question, this business does have a lot of growth potential, internationally as well. And we should 
see that in the coming year because we’ve got a lot of customer pre qualifications done during 
the pandemic. 
Amar Kedia:  
Right. So should we assume that initially this will be more of a domestic market opportunity for 
you and gradually you will be opening up to the international order as well? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
But we are already now supplying to a few refineries outside. So we’ve already gone into the 
international market, that quantum is just not going to increase now. 
Sanjay Kirloskar:  
What Rama has not mentioned is that to get a proven track record for the domestic market, we 
actually had to get it from the international market. And that’s where our first turbines was sold 
internationally. And after we got the international proven track records from the different 
customers, it was only then that EIL accepted that it could be sold in the Indian market to Indian 
customers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi with Green Lantern Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Yes, just few questions Alok one on the international business in Q4, we did about 200 crore 
revenue, but at PBT we have a 10 crore loss. So can you just explain anything one off or what 
has actually happened, whereas in domestic we are still making some EBITDA? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So in Q4, which is Q1 over there, what happened was that, last year coming out of COVID, in 
21, a lot of projects in the international market went on hold. So basically what we had to do is 
consume to get the numbers right, as you know we now have a framework in service contracts. 
And we have a little bit of flexibility with the customer in terms of working with them for 
upgrading the platforms on a timeframe that we both decide. So we pull back or advanced or 
preponed that from Q1 of international which is Q4 of  KBL into Q3 of KBL and Q4 of 
international because we needed to ensure the international numbers got better and met the 
numbers because of so many orders going on hold in the Q4 of international which is October, 
November, December last year. And so that’s how we pull back a lot of the orders and into last 
year Q3 of KBL and there was very little aftermarket service backlog in Q4 of KBL which is Q1 
of international and so a lot of regular business was pushed, which is the basic fire pump and all 
that business where margins are not the best because you’ve normally balanced the margins 
through the service and aftermarket business. So that’s why, that’s the reason you see that as the 
outcome because there was very little, almost no aftermarket business executable because they 
executed it in the previous year. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So, sir do you expect me to be in at least PBT positive from Q1, Q1 of current that is frm current 
quarter? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
We expect things to be a lot better, of course it is dependent on different kinds of thing. But if 
you look at our backlog, the backlog again is quite strong on after market and services. So we 
expect things to be a lot better going forward. Now, like I said depends on supply chain issues 
or any other issues we may face. But as it stands, you don’t have any orders on hold that would 
and we are negotiating whatever problems come up in the meantime to execute our backlog 
which as you can see is quite healthy. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So, that is why Alok, that question which came from previous few participants, Pritesh Chheda 
is, it’s a very serious question that on an international business since we have acquired, we have 
spent enormous amount of money to change variety of strategies, turn around various businesses. 
And in spite of that, for last 10 years that business has been not generating any profit at all. So, 
that is why his question was very relevant that, how long we keep on experimenting our ability 
or the tremendous volatility in the world for variety of reasons. Obviously all those reasons are 
beyond our control and even beyond anybody’s guess that anything would happen like that. But 
at some point we need to be capital efficient. We  are  present, we talk about phenomenal 
opportunities, we talk about global presence, we talk about technical capabilities that’s perfectly 
fine. But when it comes to at the end of the day, everything reflects in the balance sheet and the 
P&L and what we have been observing is that kind of hard work you all are doing for last 10 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
years and still we are struggling to make any amount of profit in the international business. And 
that is why I believe his question was very relevant that at some point or what is that point when 
the board will discuss and say that we are tired or we should give up because we need to come 
to 15%, 16% kind of EBITDA. Sanjay sir did ask about any MNC from India, any Indian 
company who exports products in Indian brand, may not be in pump, but there are in other 
engineering businesses like compressor motors that are Indian companies, and they have been 
making 15%, 17% EBITDA margin, whereas we are not even close to that. So can you give 
some serious thought on this part of, or at least can you help us or assure us that yes, we are very 
close to start making EBITDA margin of the other competitors are making? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Mr. Doshi, I appreciate your point and all of us want that level of margin. There are certain 
expectation from us to ourselves. You mentioned the profitability of different companies, but I 
don’t think it’s been 10 years, if you see the numbers on the analysts chart from the last three 
years SPP has moved back into the black. And, I won’t talk about the numbers before because 
the market scenario is very different from 2003, to 2015, when SPP was doing exceptionally 
well, but we are changing the base of those businesses to ensure that we get a baseline business 
in all these countries. And, and not getting to that number of being profitable. So, even last year 
as you know the international business was profitable. And, and there is some volatility in some 
of the companies, which changes the numbers significantly. And one is, of course, delta and the 
other is of course some Forex issue this year in Thailand. But, generally speaking we are moving 
in the direction of strengthening the baseline businesses to get that level of return that we expect. 
To put it as an example to you, our competitors in the UK we had two major competitors one 
was SPX, the other was Vires . SPX was sold to private equity called Celeros. And Vires was 
sold   sold to another private equity called Trillium. And if you thought we were in a bad 
situation, I would ask you to look at the company results for them. So, I would say that when 
they are comparing ourselves, yes we are also benchmarking where we are in the local markets 
and are we able to make that turnaround. And also we are as a board also discussing, once you 
make the turnaround, our certain geographies just too risky for us. So, all these discussions are 
taking place. And we do have an understanding of where we want to be in each of these 
companies. But, I will still take your point, margins are important and return is important, 
because finally, capital is limited. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Yes, so very nicely you shared. So does that conclude, or does that infer that it’s not worth doing 
business in UK at all, because if others are also not making money, we are also not making 
money hell with the country. We just dump that country and come out, how does it we have 
emotional attachment to it. So, as you said, I hope that you all are looking at to it. The second 
question is to Sanjay sir, that you mentioned in opening remark that volatility in RM is expected 
to taper maybe in another quarter or two. So, can we expect the raw material cost which has been 
gone up we were at about 54%, 55% has gone to 62% are you saying that in this quarter, Q1 and 
Q2 beginning this Q1 we are seeing that 61% coming to 58%, 57% because now we are seeing 
a very sharp decline in steel and aluminium and copper and other prices across the commodities? 

Enriching Lives 
I 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
May 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I think so you will see a decline going forward, but how much I can’t predict. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Sir I have a basic question that, I have been tracking and we have been meeting Yes, you are one 
of the company which is extremely well placed on the opportunity, the technology, the product 
development, 3D printing, et cetera. So that part of business we are absolutely doing the best 
and trying to remain ahead, this other part of the business and that is your manufacturing 
efficiency, productivity, financial efficiency. And that is where what we observe that everything 
is getting lost, all your efforts on the first part is getting drained out in the second part. And, I’m 
not sure whether is there any focus is being given there. Are there any leakages, when I say 
leakages in terms of extreme inefficiency in product pricing versus the raw material behavior. 
So, I just want to convey that I hope we are looking at that because an MNC company in India, 
your competitor is still making 16% EBITDA margin, 15% EBITDA margin, and we are the 
only one who are suffering from raw material cost fluctuation. So, I request if you can help us 
understand that how fast we can come to a higher margin profile? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
We are looking into all those issues, whether it’s manufacturing cost or whether it’s material 
cost. But as you said, we have met and you know that I’m very reluctant to make any forward 
looking statements. So we are working on that. And as I have said earlier also you will see 
differences going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, due to time constraint this was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Rama Kirloskar for closing comments. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Thank you all for joining us on this call. For any queries please feel free to reach out to us or our 
Investor Relations consultants at SGA. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
