fu,ffir
We grow uti(h agrol
Dated: JuneOt,2O22
To
The Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051, Maharashtra
Symbol: KNAGRI
Sub: Transcript ofthe post earnings lnvestor Conference Call
Dear Sir/ Madam,
With reference to the captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript of the
Audio Conference call (lnvestor Earnings Call) held on 25th May,2O22 for the half-year and
year ended 31..03.2022, pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations &
Disclosu re Requirements) Regu lations, 201"5.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You
Yours Sincerely,
For KN Agri Resources Limited
ft
VV
Akshat Sharma
Company Secretary
ti
Encl: as stated above
]
KN Acnt RESoURCES Lllltreo 
+,,
(formerly known as KN Agri Resources Pvt Ltd and ltarsi Oils & FtctrrgPvl Limited; 
o
Regd. Office: KN Building, Subhash Road, Raipur492001 , CG, lndia
Tet: +91 771 2293706 / 08 Fax: + 91 771 2293707 Email: ho@kngroup.in, CIN 115141 CT 1987 PLC 003777
JEtd

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“KN Agri Resources Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. ASTHA JAIN – HEM SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIJAY SHRISHRIMAL – CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - KN AGRI RESOURCES 
LIMITED 
MR. DHIRENDRA SHRISHRIMAL – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - KN AGRI 
RESOURCES LIMITED 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and a welcome to the KN Agri Resources Limited H2 FY2022 
and full year 2022 earnings conference call hosted by HEM Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
enter “*” then “1” on your touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the queue you may enter 
“*” then “2”. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference to Ms. Astha Jain from HEM Securities. Thank you and 
over to you Madam! 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining KN Agri Resources 
Limited H2 FY2022 and full year FY2022 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call today 
are the senior members of the management team, Mr. Vijay Shrishrimal – Chairman and 
Managing Director and Mr. Dhirendra Shrishrimal – Whole Time Director and CFO. We will 
commence the call with the opening thoughts from the management team post which we will 
open the forum for Q&A session where the management will be glad to respond to any queries 
that you may have. At this point, I would like to add that some of the statements made or 
discussed on the conference call may be forward looking in nature. The actual results may vary 
from these forward-looking statements. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Vijay 
Shrishrimal to commence by sharing his thoughts on the performance and strategic progress 
made by the company. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Good evening investors. I welcome you all to this concall to discuss our results for the second 
half of the year 2021-2022 and full year 2021-2022. First of all I thank you all for the 
overwhelming response given by you to our maiden IPO which got oversubscribed more than 
150 times. We are happy that your investments in our company have more than doubled and it 
will keep growing. 
 
Performance 2021-2022, the performance in H2 and year as a whole has been very encouraging 
against revenue of 595 Crores in H1 the revenue in H2 shot up to 1290 Crores, in case of year-to-
year comparison against the sales of 1300 Crores in FY2021 this year our sales have increased to 
1885 Crores. The opportunity in agri business was well converted by us into performance. The 
rising prices of finished goods like soybean meal and oil in particular have also resulted in high 
turnover of the company last year. 
 
Sector outlook for 2021-2022, edible oils. Last year was a very eventful year wherein the global 
supply of edible oil was affected and then the Ukraine-Russia war added into it. Ukraine and 
Russia produces major quantities of sunflower oil and this was disturbed, which again resulted in 
increase of the edible oil prices globally. Also, with petroleum prices going up the biodiesel 
mandate of the country is increased which resulted in more diversion of edible oils to biodiesel. 
The prices of crude soyabean oil which range from $850 to 1200 last year went up to $1200 to 
$1900 in the current year; similarly palm oil prices which range from $700 to $1100 last year 
went up to $1100 to $1400 in the current year. In the current year India imported around 13.2 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 10 
million tonnes of edible oil as compared to 13.1 million tonnes last year. Our dependence on 
imported oil is around 60% to 65%. 
 
Soyabean, - on the crop of soyabean, the government estimate for last year production was 13.83 
million tonnes. The industry is saying that the production was not more than 10 million. The 
Soybean Processors Association of India has estimated production at 11.88 million tonnes. I want 
to just go through the rough balance sheet and the availability of soyabean. The carry from last 
year was 1.83 lakh tonne, production was 118.89 lakh tonne, import from October to September 
was 3.5 lakh tonne, and total availability was 124.22 lakh tonnes. Against this the dispersal of 
soyabean was retained for sowing is 13 lakh tonnes, direct consumption 3 lakh tonnes, exports of 
seed 0.5 lakh tonne, crushing 88 lakh tonnes, total is 104.5 lakh tonnes, we still have a carry of 
19.72 lakh tonnes. We will get more seeds to process after the onset of monsoon. During the last 
year the arrivals of soyabean was little less as the farmers and obviously the traders and stockists 
were holding seeds in anticipation of price rise but we expect the arrivals will drive in the coming 
months. 
 
I move onto the sector outlook for 2021-2022. First I would like to speak on the monsoon. As per 
the predictions of IMD and climate it is expected that India will again receive good monsoon this 
year. Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan are major soya producing states in India 
contributing more than 75% of the production, though the area under soyabean cultivation will 
not rise much, but a good monsoon will result in good yields and if that happens then we can 
expect a good crop of about 12 million tonnes in the coming season. 
 
Review of the proposals and projects: First I will take up Ethanol, in line with our philosophy of 
increasing our presence in Agri business we have invested Rs.19 Crores from internal accruals 
and bought 26% stake in the holding company of an ethanol manufacturing entity. Currently the 
plant is of 100,000 liters per day capacity, but soon it will be substantially enhanced, sales have 
already commenced through PSU oil marketing companies. India has achieved little less than 
10% blending of ethanol with petrol as against the target of 20% blending by 2025 said by the 
Government of India. This huge gap provides substantial opportunity in this segment. 
 
Second, I would like to take up with port-based edible oil refinery. We are working towards 
setting up of 600 tonnes per day port-based edible oil refinery in joint venture with a 
multinational entity. This refinery will be able to process Soyabean oil, Palm oil and Sunflower 
oil. 300 tonnes per day line will be dedicated to Soyabean oil and 300 tonnes per day for 
Palm/Sunflower oil. The project is estimated around 125 Crores. The project will be 
implemented in 12 months to 15 months and we can see its earnings from the year 2023-2024. 
 
Now, I would like to speak on other projects. We have started mustard processing facility of 200 
MT per day at our Itarsi plant. The value-added soya product like nugget, grain and flour 
production has also started in Khandwa. In the current year we will open up an oil storage and 
packing facility in Raipur to have the presence of our packed oil in Chhattisgarh and some parts 
of Odisha, all this will have a positive impact on the earnings of this year. Thank you. I will 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 10 
request that our CFO will also give some introductory remarks then we can start the question-
and-answer session. 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Thank you Mr. Vijay. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is an esteemed pleasure to present 
the financial highlights, which depicts the current performance and growth trajectory for 
achievements. For (audio cut) 9:52 1301 Crores for FY2021, a growth of 45%. The company 
reported EBITDA of 70 Crores for FY2022 versus Rs.44 Crores FY2021, a growth of 59%. On 
year-to-year basis, PAT surged by 83% to 47 Crores for FY2022 versus 26 Crores for FY2021. 
For half yearly FY2022 the total revenue of company stood at 1290 Crores versus 595 Crores for 
half yearly 2021, a growth of 117%. The company reported EBITDA of 45 Crores for H2 
FY2022 versus 25 Crores H1 FY2022, a growth of 80%. PAT surged by 84% to 31 Crores for 
H2 FY2022 versus 17 Crores for H1 FY2022. Once again I would like to thank you all. Over to 
the moderator! 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question 
from the line of Prashant S, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Prashant S: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all congratulations for great set of numbers. My question 
to the management is that company is planning to set up an ethanol processing capacity I want to 
know capex plan related to that and when we can expect the earnings? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
I have already mentioned that we have invested around 96 Crores to take up a stake of 26% in 
this company and the current production capacity is 100,000 liters per day and we are increasing 
it to 160,000 liter per day with a capex of around 30 Crores in the coming year. 
Prashant S: 
Okay, my next question is like after the ban of Palm oil by Indonesia any impact that we are 
seeing in our topline? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
The ban was by Indonesia Government was of a temporary nature and now the government of 
Indonesia has opened the ban, so it is now back to normal, so there is no impact of the ban on the 
market as of now. 
Prashant S: 
Okay, my next question is what is our current market share in edible oil market and what is our 
target for the next two to three years? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
As of now if you see we have a packed market in Madhya Pradesh where we have situated is 
about 35,000 metric tonne per month, so in that as of now we have a share of about 6% which we 
then to increase to almost about 15%-16% in two years’ time. 
Prashant S: 
Okay. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shubham Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Shubham Jain: 
Good evening. First of all, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity and congratulations 
for good set of numbers. Sir I just want to know what is our revenue guidance for FY2022 and 
FY2023? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
As of now everything the performance in this quarter is as per expectation and a lot depends on 
the monsoon and the current prediction of monsoon is good, so we expect that we should achieve 
reasonable growth in the earnings for this coming year. 
Shubham Jain: 
Sir, can we expect double digit growth or single digit growth can you mention some particular 
figure? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: (audio cut) 14:56 it depends on many factors but if you see our performance I think we should 
be able to give you a decent growth in the current year. 
Shubham Jain: 
I just want to know what is the sustainable EBITDA margin for FY2023 long-term, I just to want 
to know some figure; right now we are working on 3%, so is that same for the next FY2023? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: As of now our EBITDA for 2021-2022 yearend is 3.7, so looking to their statement we have a 
decent monsoon, government policies are good so we should be able to do, the growth should be 
in line with what we have done in past year, so it should be a decent growth in coming year. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ronil Dalal from Museum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Congratulations on your recent IPO and the results. I had a few questions; firstly I wanted to ask 
you that what is your share of maybe like manufacturing/processing versus purely just trading? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: (audio cut) 17:10 We do major processing but then depends upon the year-to-year if you have 
lot of crisis and last year there was lot of crisis of oil so we had to import oil because that is there 
to process entire thing and give it to the imported and then we pack them and we sold it to our 
consumers, so that keeps changing upon the opportunity, what opportunity, so depending on the 
opportunity and profitability it is decided but our main focus is on manufacturing where we 
manufacture, process, trade and then pack it and give it. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right, so what would be like really breakup if you have that something like a normalized 
breakup, I understand last year was unprecedented year but usually what you will say the breakup 
like? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Normally, breakup should be like manufacturing side we should see around 70% to 75% and 
balance should be trading. 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right, okay and that is likely to remain the way it is like maybe going ahead also it should be in 
that case? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: It should be in same line but it is little different from the market conditions also, government 
policy, monsoon, so maybe a 5% variation here and there whatever, but again upon the 
opportunity what is the best for the company we decide and we do that. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right, okay. Next question is that you will be dealing with many variety of oils so would the 
margin be more or less similar across the different oil or would it be differentiated and if we 
differentiate it then could you give us some color on that? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Margins again depends on from time-to-time, so like we are doing mustard and all, so mustard as 
of now is giving us very good margins, so at times or sometimes in the year the margins in palms 
are very good, sometimes it is soya it is very good, so we have to have all the oils in our basket to 
maintain that profitability. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right but a major portion of your income would still be coming from soyabean? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Yes, majorly soya and slowly we are looking, we have put up a facility for mustard also so 
gradually we will increase our mustard also because India crop is going on mustard also, but 
major focus would be on soya. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right, Sir next question is that your capacity utilization was around 49% or so if I am not 
mistaken, actually sorry that is I think there are different capacity utilizations for different 
processes but what would you say your capacity utilization now maybe on overall company 
basis? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Capacity utilization should grow again depending on the crop how it is but what we see from the 
past there is a growth, and that growth will be maintained so it will be further growing.  
Vijay Shrishrimal:         And next year we are expecting better crop so we expect that the capacity utilization will increase 
in the coming year.Last year because there was a lot of volatility (audio cut) 20:27 but next year 
we see a bigger crop so we see a major impact that the capacity utilization will further grow in 
the coming year. 
Ronil Dalal: 
I am trying to understand that in order to grow from here on would you require to do more 
investments or would you have already got sufficient capacity which you can utilize in the 
coming one to two years without any investment? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
What we are doing is we have sufficient capacity for the soyabean processing which is the basic 
thing but what we are doing is to improve the profitability and the overall performance of the 
company we are adding new things like as we mentioned we added a mustard line, so if you see 
last year the mustard crop was around 88 lakh tonnes and this year it is around 110 lakh tonnes to 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 10 
115 lakh tonnes, so mustard is growing and (audio cut) 21:28 government is also there on 
mustard, so we got a mustard line so that during the offseason we can process mustard so it will 
give us profits as well as the capacity utilization will also increase, other than this we are 
increasing our presence in the packed oil, our share as we mentioned right now is around 6% in 
the packed oil which we want to increase to around 15% and we are putting up a packing and a 
storing facility in Raipur so that our presence of edible oil can be there in the major market of 
Raipur and some parts of Odisha. Apart from this to extend our agri-related activity we have 
invested in ethanol because ethanol looks very good and there is a very good profitability in the 
ethanol, so this also will reflect in our balance sheet in the coming year and the last thing is we 
have also started the production of value-added products which I mentioned in my opening 
speech, we have started making grains, flours and nuggets, so this will also stabilize and this will 
add up to our both capacity utilization as well as profit margins. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sir, my next question is that how much was the volume growth in this year like prices have also 
moved up substantially, so how much of your revenue growth would you attribute to that 
increased volume growth for FY2022? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Right now I do not have the exact number but you can just shoot a mail to us and we will revert 
on that but on the basis on the turnover wise I have already mentioned what was the growth. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Yes. Sir my next question is that who would you say are you all listed pure companies like if I 
had to understand your business model, would there be any maybe on a direct listed pure but 
some competitors in some of the areas that you are operating? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: It is Kriti soya which is there and Ajanta soya is there and then you have Gokul is there, Gokul 
Agri is there then on a similar line on a bigger scale is Adani and Ruchi. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right and Sir you are supplying to Adani and Ruchi also right? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Yes, we do. 
Ronil Dalal: 
When you supply to Adani and Ruchi, how do they sell it forward like they would repackage it 
and sell the same product? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: They at times process also, at times they pack and sell also, so they have their few registered 
vendors where they do the audit and the team comes and they approve the facility and then they 
start buying, so they have a yearly audit of six monthly audit session, so they buy both, they buy 
finished also, they buy crude also and accordingly they use it. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Your largest customers would be what percentage of your revenue like? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: There is no certain fixed system in this because time to time it changes depending on the market 
(audio cut) 25:17, so there is nothing fixed that this guy is only the biggest customer. 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Vijay Shrishrimal:             But in oil Adani and Ruchi are our regular buyers and their share would be say around 15%. 
Ronil Dalal: 
15% each or both together? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Together. 
Ronil Dalal:  
Sir what about going ahead next three, four years I understand it is hard to give a revenue growth 
guidance but what kind of volume growth do you see going ahead maybe in the next two years to 
three years, I understand one year may be affected by climate but if you had to say over the next 
three years what volume growth we aspire to have? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Basically if you see down the line our revenues from ethanol will also start coming in then we are 
putting up a edible oil refinery at the port once that starts the turnover will have a major impact, it 
can grow up to 70% from the existing turnover and then with all our modification and the new 
things with that we are starting that will also add up both in terms of our utilization capacity  as 
well as our profitability, so next two to three years, we see a very positive impact both on volume 
and the margins. 
Ronil Dalal:  
What I am saying just to understand to summarize what I understood, so around maybe 60%-
70% growth can be there, I am sure new capacities all are in place over the next maybe two, 
three, four years possibly and you are adding value added products, margins will also be 
improving, extent to what the margins will improve you are not comfortable to share right now 
but in short the company has urged for a good growth and did not see any potential risks to this? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Always there are some (inaudible) 28:09 but as of now the only risk that we always foresee is 
the monsoon that is the main. 
Ronil Dalal:  
The volatility in oil price also would be another one right? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
How you place a volatility that is important, so we have always taken advantage of the volatility 
in the past. (audio cut) 28:39 which also helps us to tackle the volatility. 
Ronil Dalal:  
So would you have hedging policy or something? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
We have a risk committee which decides which policy and decides exposure limits and 
everything. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right and then you would have inventory of maybe on average how long? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
For what product? 
Ronil Dalal: 
Soya oil and soyabean if you can mention? 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Yes, so during the season time the inventory of soyabean is more and it can be at least two to 
three months but in the off season it is around one month or so and finished inventories are 
always low, our inventory level of soyabean meal is around maximum 15 days and oil also 
within 15 days, so we have lower finished product inventory. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right. Sir next question is that how would you say that there are two options like one is that 
would you say that you are doing something differentiated so which is hard for a competitor do 
or number two is that there are quite a few competitors in the industry but there is enough 
demand and you do not foresee any problem with the demand, what kind of bucket would you 
fall into? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Both the things in fact because this is a food related industry, so demand is never a problem, 
there is always a demand in the price so demand is not a problem but what we are doing 
differently from our competitors is we are expanding our base, we are just not dependent on one 
thing, we are dependent on the processing, we are dependent on the refining, we do a bit of 
trading then now we have entered into ethanol then we are putting up the edible oil port this 
edible oil refining, so our base will become wider base, so that is the major differentiation 
between us and the others. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right and Sir last question from my side is that what do you say from the ROCE perspective like 
you have a healthy ROCE but some parts are there that would you look for some specific ROCE 
when you are all looking at new projects and number two is how do you see the ROCE moving 
going ahead over the next two to three years possibly? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: ROCE growth will be definitely there that is why we are putting up the new projects to our better 
return, so next two to three years coming what we see the market and what we see is we expect a 
different growth on this also. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Right. So, I think I have taken up a lot of your time I will reach out to you my queries over e-
mail. Thank you very much for patiently answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kartik Sharma from NVS Brokerage. 
Please go ahead. 
Kartik Sharma: 
My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Venkatesh from Introhive. Please go 
ahead. 
Venkatesh: 
All of my questions have been answered and I have one question is like the custom duty has been 
removed for soyabean and for pure edible oils and what would be the impact on the KN? 

 
 
                      KN Agri Resources Limited 
May 25, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
Yes, I will try and answer this, due to inflation already the government has reduced the duty to 
zero, only there was some cess which was around 5.7%, now yesterday the government has come 
with a notification that under TRQ scheme about 2 million tonne per year they will allow imports 
at zero duty and zero cess, so this is a positive impact on us and the details of the notification 
have also come and based on the capacity they will be allocating with amount of imports that we 
can do, so definitely this will have a positive impact on us. 
Venkatesh: 
Another question is what would be the market share that we have on the soyabean oil as well as 
edible oil? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Total monthly sales are about 35,000 and share of about 6% packed oil. 
Venkatesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bibhor Jain, an Individual Investor, 
Please go ahead. 
Bibhor Jain: 
Congratulations first of all for the good set of numbers. My question to the management is how 
much percent of revenue comes from the top five customers and top 10 customers? 
Vijay Shrishrimal: 
See again it depends on year-to-year, it is scattered whatever top five customers are this year, 
maybe they are different set of customers next year because the trade is very dynamic, so you 
have different kind of suppose some year is very good exports so the major sales comes from 
export buyer when it is domestic it comes on domestic, so it keeps changing depending on the 
situation how it is. 
Bibhor Jain: 
Second question is in future do the company will have a dividend policy for the investors? 
Dhirendra Shrishrimal: Nothing decided so far. 
Vijay Shrishrimal:  
But of course, one time capex is over then we will have a dividend policy in place. 
Bibhor Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand it over to Ms. Astha Jain 
for closing comments please. 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you Sir. On behalf of HEM Securities Limited I thank KN Agri Resources Limited team 
for responding all the queries in the detailed way. I would also like to thank all the participants 
for joining this call. I would like to hand over the call to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of HEM Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
