 
 
 
 
 
June 1, 2022 
 
 
The Manager,   
 
 
 
              The Manager, 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, 
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra‐Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500413  
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK 
 
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61 
 
 
 
Fax No.: 2659 8237/38 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Ref:  Transcript of the Analyst  and Investor Conference Call  on the Audited Standalone  and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022 
 
In  furtherance  of  our  intimation  dated  May  21,  2022,  giving  intimation  on  the  Q4  &  FY22  earning 
Conference Call for the analysts and investors and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI 
(Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  please  find  enclosed  herewith 
Transcript  of  the  Investor  and  Analyst  Conference  Call  on  the  Audited  Standalone  and  Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022, held on May 
25, 2022. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thank you.  
   
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit J. Parekh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
  
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
AMIT 
JYOTINDRA 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
AMIT JYOTINDRA 
PAREKH 
Date: 2022.06.01 
15:56:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call  
May 25, 2022 
 
                                          
 
 
MANAGEMENT TEAM 
 
MR. MADHAVAN MENON - MANAGING DIRECTOR, THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. MAHESH IYER – CHIEF EXECUTING OFFICER & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL SURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SOTC TRAVEL LIMITED  
MR. DEBASIS NANDY - PRESIDENT AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. BRIJESH MODI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKRAM LALVANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR –STERLING HOLIDAY RESORTS LIMITED 
 
MR. KRISHNA KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - STERLING HOLIDAY RESORTS LIMITED 
 
MS. URVASHI BUTANI- INVESTOR RELATIONS - THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. ABRAHAM ALAPATT - MARKETING SERVICES - THOMAS COOK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Thomas Cook (India) Limited’s Q4 
and FY2022 earnings conference call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand over the call to Mr. Akul Broachwala from IIFL Securities. Thank you and 
over to you! 
 
Akul Broachwala: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen good afternoon and thank you for joining us on 
the Q4 FY2022 earnings conference call of Thomas Cook (India) Limited. I invite the Company's 
senior management team who are here to discuss the results and business strategy. We will start 
the call with opening remarks from Mr. Debasis Nandy, President and Group CFO followed by the 
management team and thereafter we will open the call for Q&A Session. I would now like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Nandy to take proceedings forward. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
 
Debasis Nandy: Thank you, Akul. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I would like to start by 
introducing the participants from Thomas Cook, SOTC and Sterling. We have Mr. Madhavan Menon, 
Managing Director, Thomas Cook (India) Limited. We have Mahesh Iyer, CEO and Executive Director, 
Thomas Cook (India) Limited, Mr. Vishal Suri, MD of SOTC and Brijesh Modi, CFO of Thomas Cook. 
From Sterling Resorts & Holidays, I have Mr. Vikram Lalvani MD as well as Mr. Krishna Kumar CFO. I 
also have Urvashi who runs the Investor Relations program in Thomas Cook and Abraham Alapatt 
who heads Marketing, Service Quality, Value Added Services and Innovation 
 
I will start with the overview of the results and then I will hand over to Mahesh. Our income 
operations for the quarter has moved up from Rs 3,573 mn to Rs 5,221 mn, which is a jump about 
46% on quarter-on-quarter basis as compared to last year. Our operating EBITDA at a consolidated 
level has moved into the positive territory. We had a loss of Rs 361 mn last year same quarter and 

 
 
 
the operating EBITDA has now moved to Rs 239 mn. While this is operating EBITDA, we had to make 
some adjustments mark-to-market gains and losses to arrive at EBITDA and let me take a minute to 
explain this. 
 
We have an Employee Trust, which holds some shares of Quess Corp Ltd, earmarked only for the 
distribution to the employees and these are lying undistributed in the trust. Therefore, at the end 
of every quarter we need to make an assessment of the mark-to-market gains and losses as we have 
seen the share prices of Quess like in many other companies has been very volatile during this period 
and that causes changes in our reported EBITDA and our actual operating EBITDA gets influenced 
by that. 
 
I shall give you a simple example to explain this, for Q4 FY2021, the mark-to-market gain from Quess 
was Rs 205 mn and the reported losses were Rs 156 mn, factoring for this our operating EBITDA as 
I mentioned was Rs 361 mn losses, and that was primarily due to the gains we made out of Quess. 
This year unfortunately the position has reversed, while we made operating EBITDA gain of Rs 239 
mn, the Quess mark-to-market losses were Rs 247 mn and therefore at an EBITDA level we are more 
or less breakeven. 
 
Moving over to the consolidated full year results, our income of operations for the full year went up 
from Rs 7,950 mn to Rs 18,883 mn that is an increase over 138%. Our operating EBITDA losses have 
reduced very sharply by about 54% from last year of Rs 2,757 mn down to loss of Rs 1,273 mn. The 
Quess mark-to-market gains again played a role here. Last year we made a gain of Rs 669 mn on 
Quess mark-to-market gains and this year we have actually incurred a loss about Rs 38 mn for the 
full year. So that has brought down so our current year EBITDA which looks depressed because of 
that fact. 
 
What is the important thing to notice for this quarter is that of the many companies in the Group, 
three have become profitable, namely Thomas Cook India Limited, SOTC and our company in East 
Africa called Private Safaris East Africa. These became profitable after a gap of over seven quarters. 
Some of the companies the Group continued to do well, Desert Adventures our unit in Middle East 
and DEI, headquartered in Dubai, delivered profitable quarters for the second successive quarter 
and Sterling continued its profitable run for the sixth successive quarter. 
 
During this quarter, we also managed to strengthen our balance sheet substantially. As you know, 
we had issued optionally convertible redeemable preference shares amounting to about Rs 4,357 
mn last year. During the last quarter, we have converted shares worth Rs 3.03 bn which resulted in 
the promoter’s shareholding going up from 65.3% to 70.58%. The balance Rs 132 mn is going to be 
converted in the April - June quarter as well which will push up Fairfax’s holding by about another 
1.7%. 
 
The cash on the balance sheet at the end of March was Rs 6,399 mn which showed a robust position 
as far as availability of cash is concerned. The overall debt position and here I will break it up into 
long- and short-term overall debt position was about Rs 4,558 mn of which about Rs 1290 mn was 
long-term that included Rs 716 mn under the export credit PLG scheme –ECGLS as it is known 
popularly which comes at a lower interest rate, whereas the short-term - bank overdraft and the 
working capital demand loans were about Rs 3,268 mn. All of these, reflected in the CRISIL rating. 
We continue to enjoy a CRISIL rating of A+ right through the year, reflecting the stability of the 

 
 
 
balance sheet and reflect continued faith in the Company's operations. I will now hand over to 
Mahesh who will take you through the company's results and talk about the prospects. Thank you. 
 
Mahesh Iyer: Thank you Debasis. Good afternoon everyone, this is Mahesh Iyer, I am the Executive 
Director and CEO at Thomas Cook (India) Limited. Since Debasis has already walked you all through 
the numbers, I thought it is important to highlight some of our key achievements that led to this 
kind of a positive performance in the current quarter. 
 
To begin with I will give a quick summary on the businesses of Thomas Cook and SOTC, which is 
more on the travel and travel related services and then also walk you through some of the other 
subsidiaries which are overseas in terms of DMS (Destination Management Specialists) and DEI and 
then hand over to Vikram who will walk you through the Sterling numbers. 
 
To begin with - foreign exchange continued to do well and as we have said in the past too, the 
business at Thomas Cook for foreign exchange was very least impacted by the pandemic to that 
extent because we qualified under essential services earlier June of 2020 and we were able to offer 
services to customers; be it on the remittance side or be it encashment and that business continued 
to remain profitable, just after the three months of the forced lockdown that happened between 
April and June of 2020. Every other month from July 2020 right till March 2022 the business 
continued to be EBITDA positive and continues to be so at this point in time also. 
 
From a recovery point of view, the foreign exchange business had recoveries in its various lines 
within the segment in varying percentages. The retail business during Q4FY22 recovered close to 
about 68%; from a corporate recovery point of view we are roughly around 35% and the airport 
businesses which are again is a barometer of how the inflow of traffic is coming is currently 
operating at about 26% recovery from pre pandemic levels. Now if give a flavor to how we are 
looking at this trending into Q1 FY2023 and I am making a forward-looking statement here, which 
is already qualified, we are actually seeing our trends to be even more positive as compared to what 
we saw in the quarter ended of March. 
 
Our Retail fx business currently is trending closer to 70% of the pre-pandemic level. Corporate 
volumes have actually substantially improved we are trending at close to about 57% and the airport 
has already moved up to close to 43%. So from a recovery point of view, ending March quarter as 
well as looking into June, our expectation is that this recovery is going to be very strong, supported 
by the fact that the borders have opened up, international commercial flights have resumed 
operations from March 27, 2022 and with the opening up of offices for corporates and they getting 
back into businesses, the sentiment in terms of recovery is very, very positive. 
 
Also, important to highlight here that when I am talking about the retail recovery on the foreign 
exchange, this is led by the remittance business and a very small recovery as far as a travel related 
business is concerned. As you would know, March 27 2022 is when the borders have opened up and 
international commercial flights have started operating hence the travel bookings have just started 
to come in and the holiday part of the retail foreign exchange business is still to take off. So my 
expectation is that as that business gets into some amount of momentum, the retail volume should 
very quickly catch up in terms of getting to past the pre-pandemic levels well ahead of our targeted 
number of December 2022. 
 

 
 
 
Moving on to the other piece of the foreign exchange portfolio which is the borderless prepaid card. 
The prepaid card that we operate in the business is currently operating at about 80% of the pre-
pandemic level buoyed by the fact that both retail as well as corporate segments are witnessing 
traction in terms of volumes and transactions most of it is being the IT/ITES segments where large 
contracts have been won and corporates find it very easy to kind of place them on onshore contracts 
where they are locked in for a longer period in time and that is kind of helping our volumes to come. 
Also, the sweet spot on this business is the float that we generate and for the quarter in question 
we generated about USD 10 million of float on our borderless prepaid card that adds to our cash 
balance also. 
 
 
Coming over to the holiday’s business: here I think that is a bit of a mixed bag in terms of Q4 FY2022 
and my projection for Q1 FY2023. As far as Q4 FY2022 is concerned, the domestic business is 
trending very close to the 2019 numbers and there have been months where we actually surpassed. 
Now again we must be mindful of the fact that we are talking about a quarter which was a truncated 
one because we had the Omicron effect, so for about 45 days a large part of our operations came 
to a standstill but despite that, the domestic business witnessed a sharp come back and as we speak 
today we are already trending much ahead of what we did in 2019. 
 
Now if I look at this from the international holiday perspective there are two parts to it - the short 
haul and the long haul. The short haul are destinations which are closer to home - the Far East and 
the Middle East and over there the recovery in terms of volumes compared to 2019 is close to about 
45%. Long haul typically refers to Europe, US and the Australia where there are challenges, both 
from connectivity point of view and on visa restrictions. As you will appreciate that there are no visa 
slots available;  they have truncated their people and the proceeding time is anywhere between six 
to eight weeks for most of these geographies and in some long-haul destinations like US, your next 
appointment is not before December of 2022. So given those external challenges, I think the 
recoveries are little slower but for Q1 we have already witnessed close to about 20% recovery to 
the 2019 numbers but our expectation for Q1  FY2023 is that we should be trending closer to about 
40% so we are expecting a 2x kind of a growth that would come in over the next 45 days and the 
forward pipeline for us is looking very strong as far as the holidays business is concerned. 
It is also important to highlight here that there are external challenges, headwinds in terms of 
inflated airfares and to the fact that because of crisis in Russia-Ukraine, airfares have kind of 
remained heightened and are likely to remain. So this kind of puts pressure on the input cost while 
this is passed on to the customers obviously decision making from a customer's point of view gets a 
little delayed. Our expectation in the current year is the cycle is likely to be a little longer. Typically 
we look at an April-June or maybe a July quarter as far as the holiday season is concerned. This year 
our expectation is that the holiday season will run right into September and will quickly be followed 
by the Pooja holidays and Diwali which is the festivities, so we will see that the year long holiday 
season this year as compared to the pre-pandemic where we would actually qualify April to July as 
the peak period for the holiday season. 
 
 
Coming back to the next part of the business, which is corporate travel I think again that is one 
business that which has outshined on a lot of counts. One being the number of active corporates 
that we have has actually moved up by about 50% month-on-month. Many corporates have come 
back into offices and started to travel and this entire format of saying digitally operating has kind of 
gone through the roof, people are expecting to meet customers for their sales and as far as their 
new business is concerned so clearly that momentum has started to come in, while a lot of this 
volumes and transaction counts that we are seeing are on the domestic side. International has 

 
 
 
started to pick up, as I mentioned before March 27, 2022 being the cutoff date when travel actually 
started in. We have started to see a good momentum coming in there and our expectation for Q1 
FY2023 is that we should be very close to the pre-pandemic level.  
Also, important to mention here from a mix point of view other than the domestic (89%) and 
international (11%), the air to non-air ratio has also substantially changed for us. Now it is a sweet 
spot for us because that is high yield, high margin business, specifically bookings like hotel, car 
rentals or other ancillary services that we do for our corporate customers. Clearly, over there we 
have seen some uptick so we moved our range from about 7% penetration to about 12% and our 
expectation for the full year that we should be closer to about 15% in terms of air to non-air ratio 
and that should help in terms of improving our yields on those businesses also. 
 
The last part of the business is MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions) where it 
has been a bit of a slow start. We saw some smart recovery coming in the December quarter but 
obviously, the March quarter was impacted due to Omicron. A lot of the travel that used to happen 
in the December quarter was domestic and the domestic travel got impacted because of the 
Omicron but clearly the forward pipeline that we see on the business is very, very strong. Also 
important and noteworthy to mention here is that we have acquired some large contracts especially 
from the government side and the government business on the MICE is looking very, very promising. 
At this point in time, the recovery on the business is about 9% and for our expectation for Q1 FY2023 
is likely to be about close to 40%.  
 
So overall, if I look at a company level our expectation for Q1 FY2023 is likely to be about 55% to 
60% of the pre-pandemic level and we see that momentum building up both in terms of our forward 
booking pipeline as well as our conversations with the customers. It is also important to mention 
here that there are supply side constraints both in terms of input costs as well as availability. But 
these are the headwinds that we have to face but clearly, we are an aggregator of services so 
whatever is the input cost we are passing on to the customer and that is going to be reflected in our 
yields as they are today also. 
 
Moving over to a quick summary on the other entities that we have within the group to begin with 
the DMS entities and I think Debasis spoke about it briefly in his introductory comment, Desert 
Adventures and Private Safari East Africa the two entities both of them turned positive. In fact 
Desert Adventures was positive in the December quarter also. They had some sharp volumes coming 
from Russia in the previous quarter continue to trickle in the current quarter also and some groups 
from Latin America. So clearly that volumes continue to flow into their businesses apart from that 
they also had the benefit of cost savings that they had bought in which has flow into their P&L and 
they continue to remain positive. As you would appreciate the period between April to June 
happens to be a low season because summers get very hot there so clearly we expect some amount 
of slowdown to happen but for the full year, they were positive last year and we expect that for the 
current year also they should be EBITDA positive in the current year also. 
Private Safari for the first time in the current quarter turned positive, albeit a very small number 
that came in but again it shows the confidence of people coming back and traveling again and I think 
that should carry well through the rest of the year. The forward-looking pipeline again for that 
business is looking very strong and our expectation is that these two businesses should continue to 
remain profitable for the rest of the year. 
The two other units within the DMS which is Asian Trails which operates largely out of the Far East 
Asia or Southeast Asia they are a bit slow to start with. The markets have just opened up specifically 
Vietnam, Thailand have just about opened up. They have started to get in bookings and our 

 
 
 
expectation is that over the next two quarters we should be starting to see some volumes adding 
up into their bookings. 
Last but not the least our business out of US - Allied TPro again has started to see some strong 
bookings flowing. The mix of the business is actually changed but they were focused on GIT (Group 
Inclusive Tour) now they are more FIT focused. We have seen some large volumes flowing through 
and our current forward bookings on that business is trending very close to 2019. Therefore, our 
expectation for the full year is that they should turn profitable or at least be at a break-even level 
and we expect some good outcome to come. 
DEI-  the digital photography and imaging business that we operate and which is slightly different 
from the travel business that we operate in continued to remain profitable second quarter in a row 
and on December quarter they were profitable and in the March quarter also they had EBITDA 
positive, this is largely because of the recovery in some of the markets that happen specifically Dubai 
which is kind of led the back. We are about close to 90%-95% of the pre-pandemic level as far as the 
entire Middle East market is concerned. We have markets like Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia 
which are other markets that have just about opened up, they are already trending at about close 
to 50%-55% of the pre-pandemic levels. Again, they have taken some measures in terms of cost 
optimization which is beginning to play in and our expectation for the full year is that they should 
continue to remain profitable and we should be able to deliver cash on the table for us. 
Last but not least before I hand over to Vikram, I would like to spend a minute on some of the 
technology initiatives that we have taken. The last 18 odd months we spend a lot of time in terms 
of technology transformation where the focus has been to improve the touch points or reduce the 
number of touch points that the customer has in dealing with the company at the same time 
improve their overall experience that he gets whether it is the foreign exchange business, the 
holiday business or whether it is the B2B business of MICE or corporate travel. Also, we have put in 
a lot of technology in terms of robotic process automation and AI to improve our conversions and 
also automate a lot of processes so that when the market opens up to the full extent the savings 
that we have baked in during the pandemic continues to flow into our P&L and I would like to 
reiterate here that we made a statement that we will make in about 40% of our cost savings that 
have been baked in will continue to hold on for the rest of the year also on that note I would like to 
hand over to Vikram for his opening comments and take it further. Over to you Vikram! 
 
Vikram Lalvani: Good afternoon. My name is Vikram Lalvani and I represent Sterling Holiday Resorts 
as a Managing Director and CEO. I am joined by Mr. K. Krishnakumar. He is our Chief Financial Officer 
at Sterling Holiday Resort. 
Ladies and gentlemen, it is a privilege to interact with all of you. We are delighted to announce that 
Sterling has been profitable for FY 2022 despite losing five months of business during the financial 
year due to the pandemic. In effect, we had 12 months of costs and only 7 months of revenue and 
despite that we are happy to announce that we have been profitable for the entire financial year. 
We had five straight quarters of positive PBT and this reflects and reaffirms the strategy that we had 
adopted post pandemic. In this approach, we have scaled up our non-member business at our 
resorts thus impacting room revenues. We increased in terms of average rates at our resort and 
food and beverages spends at our resort as well. We focused on cash generation through our 
membership business. 
For the year our resort occupancies increased by 9% points, average rates improved by 19%. We 
increased our food and beverage spend by 20% and our average unit rate by 8% on membership 
sales and a shift towards available modules of membership business at our resort thus driving an 
operation EBITDA growth of 48% and an operating fee cash flow of 25% for the year. In Q1 FY2022 

 
 
 
despite the pandemic that affected us in January and part of February operation EBITDA has been 
positive driven by a higher average rate and spend at our resort. 
During the year, we launched three new destinations Alleppey, Gir in Gujarat and Tiruvannamalai in 
Tamil Nadu. With this, our portfolio has grown to 36 resorts as on close of March 31, 2022. We have 
a total of 2300 keys in our portfolio. We continue to build a pipeline of resorts in all new destinations 
and shall light them up incrementally to increase our portfolio resorts in popular leisure destinations 
in India. Our expansion strategy was initiated since pre-COVID and that shall continue even going 
forward in which our focus of expansion is on an asset-like method to increase our portfolio every 
year. From a customer perspective, 97% of our resorts ranked four and above on TripAdvisor with 
60% of our resorts ranked top five in the respective destinations as on close of March 2022. During 
the year we had taken several initiatives at Sterling to introduce new customer products, we 
adopted digital practices to transform our business methods and enhance our distribution 
capabilities without adding incremental fixed costs in order to increase our revenues and this can 
be sustained as we go along. My team and I at Sterling are extremely upbeat and buoyant in our 
outlook for Q1 FY2023 given the pipeline of business that we have in our book for Q1 as well as the 
remaining part of the financial.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync 
Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you for taking my question and good to see you back after two years in the 
concall. First of all the question is regarding if you can give us a brief understanding about Sterling 
Resorts in terms of when we acquired the company what was our thought process, how things have 
gone in the past few years and how do we look at Sterling strategically in the next few years if you 
can give some color as to what work or did not work and how do we plan to prepare ourselves ahead 
that would be great. 
 
Vikram Lalvani: After acquisition, we were actually expanding our portfolio of the resorts, we went 
into lease mode of operations in terms of acquiring resorts. Some of the resorts during that period 
also gave us a good market share and also gave us profits in some of the resorts started but some 
resorts have not made enough money. We then started to streamline operations in the beginning 
in the year 2019-2020 but when the pandemic affected us in the year March 2020 and pandemic 
really affected our operations in the years, FY2021 and in the year FY2022. While in 2021 the effect 
was much more sharper and deeper, FY2022 we were able to manage in a much better manner. 
During the pandemic, we were able to ideally look at the operations with a more microscopic view 
of the costs and other infrastructure and were able to cut down costs substantially. Costs were 
initially reduced on the payroll front and then in some of the other areas of administrative and IT 
related expenses. Now with costs being brought down substantially in the last few years and after 
the pandemic since April-May 2021 people started to travel and we noticed that the pattern of travel 
has completely changed. due to the pandemic we missed two summers,  April-June is a substantial 
quarter for us that is when most of the business happens in this industry but unfortunately the last 
two financial years the first quarter has been completely a washout. But having said that in July of 
last year when the resorts started opening up and business started coming in, you notice that the 
travel patterns have changed and people have started traveling all over the year and therefore that 
was a starting point and from July to December, the business actually has started to go up. But again 
Omicron came in the month of January-February, we saw a dullness in those two months and then 
from March it picked up.  

 
 
 
Now what has happened in the last two to three years, yes we gave up some of the loss-making 
locations, we went into more profitable locations. We also expanded our portfolio by going into a 
management contract model where our exposure in terms of capex and opex is not much, and 
therefore with all these combinations we were able to get into a very profitable year 2021-2022. 
Also the membership part what we have done is we have reduced our branches across all the 
country. We have gone into acquisitions using more profitable locations and where the profits come 
from selling more from the resort onsite sales. So in the membership business also we have scaled 
down operations across all the branches, we have moved into profitable locations. We are able to 
attract customers with new products and services directly and thereby improve the membership 
EBITDA also in the business. Having said that both membership business and resort business 
profitability is going up and with cash coming in we are able to maintain a healthy cash balances. 
Debt levels at the bank also has come down and business for April-May of the current year looks 
very, very promising. I think you will notice that most of the weekends our occupancy gone up 
almost 98%-99% and we are expecting this quarter to be one of the latest quarter’s than last four 
years that is the update. 
Vikram Lalvani: I will also add in here where our strategy has been based in terms of ramping up 
our revenue. So we actually also built a non-member vertical for our resorts. We track the business 
segment in FITs, conferences, etc and today that component is contributing to the overall 
occupancy. We have been able to ramp up non-member business at our resorts, we have been able 
to drive efficiencies in our membership business, we will continue the hybrid model of non-
members and members and we will optimize that depending on the time of the year. Also a big shift 
that we had embarked upon, infact it was since pre-COVID levels, was to expand in an asset light 
model and since then we have over 12 resorts where you have actually expanded in the asset-like 
model in which we have no capex. We are using our distribution strengths; our sales and marketing 
verticals as well as our operations verticals across our resort. We run the resort for the owners and 
we manage it and we get monetized on the basis of that so these are completely zero capex model 
of expansion and we embarked upon that pre-COVID and in pre-COVID we started to expand using 
that model even as we speak today the pipeline is very strong of all new destinations and new 
resorts to for us to expand in that. So that is how we are structured and that is how we have obtained 
process of profitability and now we are looking at scaling it up to the next level. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much for the detailed answer that really helps Sir and my next question 
would be related to DigiPhoto Entertainment Imaging. So this is one of the business which we have 
acquired recently and if I am not wrong probably this is the fastest growing business in terms of 
revenues so if you can throw some color as to what is the business model, who are our clients and 
how do we see it going forward that would really help us understand it much better? 
 
Mahesh Iyer: As you rightly said, it is a new kid of the block. We acquired this somewhere in 2018-
2019 beginning that is how the business came into our fold. Just to give you a color to the kind of 
model they operate - they are into what we call the imaging solution services. It is kind of adjacent 
to a travel service company because most of the sites that they operate in are the sites where a 
traveler will typically go when he is in a country or a destination where he is travelling to or 
attractions as we call it in the travel parlance. Now effectively what they do in those businesses they 
have got cameras, cameramen or automated cameras which capture photographs at different times 
when you are celebrating or having a good experience and that is being sold for a value to the 
consumer. From a market penetration point of view they have about close to 250 plus sites in which 
they operate, they have operations spread across some 18 countries and their annual run rate in 
terms of revenue is top of about $85 million so that is the kind of volume that we are talking about. 

 
 
 
Clearly, from a business model point of view it is more tech driven and it is the technology services 
where we believe there’s a lot of opportunity to co-exist and co-sell with travel and travel related 
products exist. While that is not a core point that we are focusing on, on a standalone basis, the 
business is very profitable with very little in terms of co-opting or co-selling that with other 
companies are concerned but on their own they have a very strong footprint across the globe. I 
must also mention here they are the second largest imaging company in the world. Also some of 
the new contracts that they have got in specifically in China which is the first market that they have 
got in post-pandemic that seems to be opening very well because these are some of the large sites 
we are talking about : Universal Studios Beijing and Disneyworld Shanghai. So clearly we see a great 
potential, the business model is well entrenched, it is led by technology, there is some amount of 
people intensiveness but I think the pandemic has kind of given us the opportunity to kind of right 
size, infuse more technology upgrades, some of the technologies which kind of allows us to kind of 
go in and bid for new contracts and make that business profitable going forward. I must also mention 
the business does not require cash; it is not a capital-intensive business because the capital cycle on 
that or the working capital cycle is less than 30 days so it is kind of funds for itself. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much that really helps. My last question would be related to the cash 
position we have in the books right now and during the start of the pandemic in February 2020, we 
earlier wanted to do a buyback when there was a big fall in the market but later on we changed our 
stance and we stopped that and rightly so because there were requirements of funds at that point 
of time and there was a lot of uncertainty and now when that uncertainty is no more there and 
assuming that the COVID is past us if the market again gives that kind of an opportunity say if our 
stock price goes down would we be willing to do that buyback again because all the cash we have 
on the books or do we have any other plans? 
 
Madhavan Menon: When we went into the buyback and you have clearly articulated the rationale 
behind why we went into it. Obviously, things changed and we worked with SEBI to get this buyback 
cancelled. The reality is as on today given what we have faced over the last three years I think our 
first priority is to bring the business back to normal, functioning normally, get all our businesses 
firing on full cylinders rather than looking at a buyback at this point of time. Having said that no 
opportunities that are off the table, Ankit, at some future date if we do see an opportunity and we 
believe that we can get there, we will consider it but it is definitely not on the table today. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much that is it from my side. I will come back in the queue if I have 
anymore question. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nidhi Babaria from Dalal & 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
 
Nidhi Babaria: Thank you for taking my question. Sir just couple of questions on forex side. In this 
period, forex losses have increased significantly on a Y-o-Y basis like last year we were making profits 
now we are making losses what type of year, what you anticipate for FY2023 and 2024 and my 
second question would be on the competition from Revolt and other players, which are coming up 
intensely. What would be our take on these new age companies and how are we going to compete 
these companies? 
 
Mahesh Iyer: Point number one, with regards to profitability in 2021 versus loss in 2022 I think they 
are not comparable. You will appreciate that the year that we are talking about FY2022 also had a 

 
 
 
profitable quarter, which is January-March quarter so that was a full operating months because 
pandemic hit us somewhere in the last week of March 2020 so to that extent there is a profitability 
element attached to it as compared to what we are seeing in the current quarter we had a large or 
long runway in terms of losses which was the pandemic hit period. Also to mention that from a 
recovery point of view as you can see in the current quarter which is the last quarter of FY2022 you 
would actually witness that into the foreign exchange the segmental numbers are actually talking 
about the improvement in performance from about Rs 277 mn in Q4FY21 to Rs 381 mn in Q4 FY22. 
So clearly from a recovery point of view the business is back and as I mentioned in my comments in 
the opening remarks also the business continued to remain profitable albeit we are still doing a 
catch-up game because we are not at the pre-pandemic levels. The borders have just about opened 
and the travel related foreign exchange side of the retail business is still to come back to normalcy. 
What we are witnessing today in the foreign exchange business is large part of remittances which 
are student and other related remittances and these are already trending at higher than the pre-
pandemic levels but a large part of our portfolio, close to about 50% of our portfolio, is also on the 
travel side of foreign exchange which is still at a very nascent stage in terms of recovery. It is directly 
linked to the international holiday travels and that will take place as the season has just begun and 
our expectation is that somewhere before the end of this year we should be close to full recovery 
to the pre-pandemic levels.  
 
Coming to the second part of the question in terms of competition from the players that you 
mentioned. Well, the space that we are playing is very different from what the competition space, 
we are not a technology or a digital company only we are a brick and mortar which also offers 
technology, seamlessness and ease and convenience to do a transaction. I think our key success 
factor or the USP that I will call out is our ability to seamlessly execute a transaction across all 
channels without creating any friction for the customer. Now at the end of the day, the price is very 
transparent as in the past price was not so transparent but today everyone knows the price of the 
dollar in the marketplace, so the price is no longer a game that anyone plays it is more about the 
experiences. And I think given our past and our experience of this business, puts us in good stead to 
take any competition that comes in place. I would also like to mention here as I spoke about the 
digital transformation that we did across our businesses, in the foreign exchange business also we 
have digitised a lot of our processes and one process which is very specific to the digital change that 
is happening in this is the KYC process. Now you will appreciate that this is a regulated business and 
a lot of documentation needs to be collected and stored on record. We have now automated that 
entire process at the back end here and a customer can transact through a video mode with us 
without having to step out of his office or home and we will deliver the foreign exchange at his 
doorstep all in under two hours. So clearly, we have kind of taken the process back where it matters 
to the consumer and reduces an amount of handshakes that we do in a transaction and that we 
believe will define the success in future to come. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Senthil Manikandan from iThought 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
 
Senthil Manikandan: Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the DMS side so given 
overview of the performance during the year and also how do you see this going forward? 
 
Debasis Nandy: Mahesh has covered that in the course of his overview but let me get into a little 
more specifics on the DMS side. Some of the DMS units have returned to profitability fairly early 
and much of it depended really on what were the restrictions regarding Visa and the access to 

 
 
 
tourists. So for example, if we look at we have five units across Asia Pacific, Africa and the US and  if 
I look at the unit in Middle East - Desert Adventures which is based out of Dubai and they also 
operate out of Oman and Jordan - they returned to proximity fairly early in October-December 
quarter. In fact as we mentioned, this is the second quarter in which they have continued to be 
profitable and it is also the only unit in the Thomas Cook group which was profitable for the full 
calendar year of 2021. As you know tourists have been coming into Dubai in a fairly unrestricted 
manner during the last seven to eight months and they have taken advantage of that, there are 
tourists is largely from Eastern & Western Europe, Russia and they get some amount of customers 
from South Africa and U.S as well. So that is continuing and some of the tourist inflow was also on 
account of the Dubai Expo between October and March. In terms of prospects, I think you will see 
a lower inflow in the next three months because that is the peak of the Dubai Summer but post that 
we can see a fairly large amount of order booking so we are very sure that we continue to do well 
and will continue to remain profitable. 
The next unit in DMS is the one in East Africa based in Kenya- it does business in Kenya as well as 
Tanzania. The peak season for them actually starts from end of June, which is the migration season 
and it goes on till about end of August or early September. But even in the off-peak season of 
January-March, they turned around very smartly. Infact, they did something very innovative with 
the introduction of charter safaris. So in the world of safaris, we typically see small groups coming 
in but they were the first in Kenya to introduce charter flights for safaris and they got passengers 
from Eastern Europe like countries like Romania etc., and that led to a fairly large inflow of 
customers. Their order bookings are very comparable to the numbers they had in 2019 and we are 
quite sure that for the full year they will a 100% recovery as compared to 2019-2020.   
The third unit is in South Africa, which is smaller unit. Now South Africa went through several rounds 
of COVID including the Omicron but they recovered from that and now the order bookings have 
started picking up and we are again quite sure that like Kenya they will also show sharp turnaround 
in the coming quarters.  
In USA, Allied TPro is doing very well in terms of order booking, their summer season starts in June 
in U.S. In terms of order bookings there are at about 95% of the levels in 2019 at the same time and 
we are very sure that as time progresses they will catch up and they will probably go to closer to 
100% recovery.  
The last one in DMS is Asian Trails, which operates in Southeast Asia. Now this is one which has been 
affected the most because as you know, the restrictions on visa and tourist access were lifted very 
late. In fact it is only recently that these have been lifted in Vietnam and Thailand which are major 
markets for them. At present, they have started receiving order bookings and their peak season will 
start from about July that is the time when Europeans go in for holidays and we cater primarily to 
the European tourists so we are looking forward to a decent summer and we will see a decent 
recovery in the July-September quarter. 
 
Senthil Manikandan: Great Sir. Thanks for the detailed answer. Second question is on the cash flow 
generation so as you mentioned that pre-COVID versus now we are operating at a like a 40% cost 
reduction level so over the next two to three years at the consolidated level what would be the 
sustainable cash flow generation? 
 
Debasis Nandy: In a pre-Covid time, as a group we are generating about Rs 2,000 mn of cash a year. 
Obviously with the onset of Covid all that got wiped out but cash flow that we generated actually 
helped us to stay afloat and revive during these two years. Going forward, I am sure like Mahesh 
mentioned, we will get back to normal capacity and grow beyond that in FY2024  and beyond and 
startgenerating cash  the way we did. So right now we are obviously not generating cash, we are at 

 
 
 
a slightly better than a breakeven level as far as l EBITDA is concerned but we will start generating 
cash fairly soon  as our business goes beyond a critical mark. I think the one important point here 
Senthil is that we have managed to bring down our breakeven point very substantially because of 
the massive cost reduction that we have undertaken. At an India level the costs are down to about 
50% and overall level cost are down by about 45% and I am talking about operating costs  as 
compared to the pre-pandemic levels. We expect that we will be able to hold on to most of these 
cost savings and that is what is bringing down our breaking point which is why even with a sales 
which is far lower than what it was in the pre-pandemic times we have been able to reach the 
question that we have done. 
 
Senthil Manikandan: Thanks for the clarification. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Mithun Aswath: I just wanted to understand more on the profitability side how do we gauge in 
terms of what sort of sustainable margins could we do in each of the segmented businesses if we 
reach pre-pandemic levels of revenues because there are some businesses which have reached that 
level, your travel business still continues to be quite lower much lower than pre-pandemic level so 
just wanted your thoughts on that now if I go back to FY2019 full year profits the margins on an 
overall basis were not great even in FY2019 or FY2020 but with these cost reductions if we were to 
reach those levels maybe in FY2023 or 2024 maybe more like 2024 what sort of margins at an overall 
level could the company potentially enjoy because I think in the last quarter we were at operating 
break even on a consolidated level. So just wanted your thoughts on that because as you grow with 
expenses also come back to some extent is what I wanted to understand? 
 
Debasis Nandy: Let me try and take that question. So Mithun there are two parts to this, one part 
is obviously gross margin and one is the EBITDA. In terms of gross margin, I think we have not lost 
ground, we have continued to operate on the same or even better gross margins than what we did 
previously, foreign exchange and  domestic is the case in point. Foreign exchange used to run at 
between 1.2% and 1.3% gross margin, we are running around close to 1.4% right now and that 10 
bps is a lot as far as forex is concerned given the nature of the business. Domestic business, we have 
actually  crossed the pre-COVID levels. We have moved up the margin from 15% to 17%. So that is 
just some examples of the margin improvement and even in the areas where we have not reached 
the pre-COVID levels even then we have held on to the margin that is something very dear to us and 
we know that in order to get back to profitability we need to hold on to those gross margin levels, 
but there is a layer of fixed cost below that obviously which takes us to the EBIT level. Now in terms 
of the fixed costs, this is where we have achieved the sharp cost reduction. Let me quote some 
numbers compared to FY2022 vis-à-vis FY2020. So if I take a consolidated view our overall staff cost 
for FY2020 was Rs 8,296 mn and for the current full year this is down to Rs 4,982 mn and incidentally 
in FY2022 starting April 01, we had restored all salaries. So this is not with any salary cuts, etc., so at 
full salaries our costs are down about 40%. In respect of establishment and utility cost etc., our costs 
went down from Rs 5,482 mn in FY2020 to about Rs 2,569 mn in the current year which is a reduction 
of 53%. Overall our costs went down from Rs 13,779 mn to Rs 7,550 mn that is the reduction of Rs 
6,229 mn which is about 45%. Now you are quite right some of these costs will come back. For 
example, we will get incremental marketing and promotional costs; however, those tend to be 
variable because we can regulate that spend based on the sales that we are getting so it is not really 
bothered if you get more sales we spend more on marketing and therefore there is no negative 

 
 
 
impact on the bottomline. As far as costs are concerned, the staff costs are there to stay because 
our headcount is frozen as of now. We are not encouraging any new hiring. In fact we are operating 
at a lower than a budgeted headcount and in the past two years we have actually focused a lot on 
technology in order to make sure that we do not need to increase headcount when the business 
comes back. Mahesh covers this extensively during his remarks and that will help us to keep the 
staff costs down and if the costs are down and most of the other costs are connected to headcount 
and those as we have seen and those costs will also be kept down. Does that answer your question? 
 
Mithun Aswath: Yes. I just wanted to get a sense see obviously we have not really had even one 
normal quarter in the last maybe six or seven quarters maybe the December quarter was reasonably 
okay. I was just trying to sense from your  own forward bookings and all that where are we in terms 
of how close we are in the travel business to pre-pandemic levels or how long do we have to go to 
reach those revenues that you used to do just want to get a sense on that because then the 
profitability at an overall level would change quite materially and we would get a better picture of 
what is your run rate which could be sustainable so just wanted our thoughts on that? 
 
Mahesh Iyer: I’ll take this question and this is also mentioned in the investors presentation that we 
have uploaded. If you look at the business-wise recovery percentages, that we have spoken about 
there, if you look at the last quarter that went by different businesses at different stages of recovery 
on an average I will put it at the company level we are close to about 45% to 50% in Q4 FY2022 but 
if you look at the optimism in terms of what we are projecting based on the bookings that we are 
on hand and the conversations that we are having with customers clearly it is moving up by at least 
50% as compared to Q4 FY2022 just in one quarter. So the momentum and the pace at which the 
recovery is happening is very fast and there are multiple reasons for it. One, for the first time after 
March 27 that you have actually seen commercial flights taking off and there are still supply side 
constraints, visa constraints, airlines are not operating to full capacity and there are capacity 
constraints. So is the case with hotels and hospitality if you look at them they are also not operating 
at full capacity, a lot of them have gone out of business so it is the case with the restaurants, a lot 
of them who went out of business now as the COVID wanes out and people are getting back into 
business,  capacity is getting added up.So clearly from our point of view as we see, we are witnessing  
the recovery happening very quickly and our expectations on different businesses getting back to 
the pre-pandemic level are at different stages. As I mentioned initially the foreign exchange business 
we expect that to come to near 2019 levels before the end of this calendar year, I am not even 
talking the financial year FY2023 I am saying calendar CY2022. If I look at the corporate travel 
business our expectation is somewhere by Q2 FY2023 or that is Q3 CY2022 we should be closer to 
the near pandemic levels. Two- other businesses which are on the B2B side of the holidays and the 
B2C side of the holidays and more importantly focused on the international side is where the 
recovery is going to be a little more longer and the reasons for that is one borders are still opening 
up. You would have read the news around New Zealand only opening up from July 31, 2022, Thailand 
and Vietnam have just opened up, US while it has opened up there are Visa related challenges. Thus, 
there are multiple blocks that we need to still fix into this entire puzzle before the market recovers 
to normalcy. Our expectation on the holiday side, we should be seeing a full recovery to 2019 levels 
somewhere around the second or third quarter of FY2024 not before that.  On the yields, as Debasis 
rightly said, we are holding on to the yields and in many cases improve them and with the cost saving 
measures that we have put in place the texture and the flavor of our profitability should start looking 
much better. 
 

 
 
 
Vikram Lalvani: As far as hospitality and resort business is concerned, the outlook what we have 
seen in April and May so far has far exceeded what we have done in April and May of 2019 because 
for two years we were shut during this period. And in the resort business months of April, May, June 
are actually the strongest months in the entire financial year giving that it is a summer season and 
holiday time. In terms of sustainability, even if we have to compare with that of 2019, we have 
ramped up our distribution channel without adding any fixed costs so that is how our revenues are 
growing without an incremental growth in fixed cost number. Then we had  several  high cost- low 
profit lease resorts  in 2019 same period that we also replaced with more profitable and better 
destinations asset light resorts. So to that extent even as  business scales up going forward, it need 
not add on the same kind of costs that added on in the comparable period of 2019 and why am I 
looking at 2019 is because of the fact that was pre COVID levels and that was a time when we had 
our entire inventories operational so that is what I wanted to emphasize on the resorts side. 
 
Mithun Aswath: Got it. Just one last question on your cash balance which you have shown in your 
presentation of over Rs 600 Crores how much would that be of free cash balances in terms of you 
would have some advances and other numbers also in that just wanted to understand because your 
interest cost on a quarterly basis is close to Rs 17 Crores and the last one is also on your depreciation 
why is it so high where is that emanating from so just a couple of questions Sir? 
 
Debasis Nandy: Okay on the cash balance, I will talk about the cash balance first. We have to look 
at the cash balance along with other items of current assets and current liabilities just like that as 
you mentioned we have got advance from customers we have also given advance to vendors it is 
not that we held on to the money. So they tend to get largely offset just like our debtors, we have 
our debtors and creditors and as of now as the March 31, 2022 our debtors are actually higher than 
creditors. So cash balance is more like if you take all these five elements of working capital, cash 
balances actually becomes a sort of balancing figure. So it is not that we have to pay vendors out of 
this cash balance, we will continue to receive money from our debtors and from our customer 
advances and we will funnel this in the form of credit payments as well as advances to vendors that 
from on the cash balance side. 
 
Mithun Aswath: On the interest cost you have close to about Rs 172 mn a quarter and your 
depreciation is quite high just wanted to understand where are these two elements coming from? 
 
Debasis Nandy: As you know we have about Rs 4,558 mn  of loans on the books, our loan balances 
are remain more or less steady during the year so if you take the opening balance as of March 31, 
2021 it was Rs 4,463 mn s, so it is more or less steady right through the year and so is the interest 
on those funds. Most of it is in the form of short-term funds which is working capital demand loans 
and bank overdrafts, some of that about Rs 720 mn of that in the form of ECLGS loans which are 
longer term loans which are given through a special government scheme through the banks of 
course. So overall you will not see too much of changes at overall level there is not much of change 
in the interest goes fairly flat.  
 
As far as depreciation is concerned while the travel services tend to have an asset lightmodel, we 
also have Sterling which is more asset heavy as it does have properties, the other thing that is there 
in the depreciation of course the leasing of various properties which is offices in case of Thomas 
Cook as well as the resorts some of the resort that Sterling has on lease rental.So as for the 
accounting classification goes, some of the lease rentals get classified into depreciation, some 
amount gets classified into interest so that is coming out of that. 

 
 
 
 
Mithun Aswath: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pooja with TCG Advisory Services 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Pooja: Thank you for the opportunity. I have couple of questions with respect to Sterling Resorts 
can I get a breakup of how much percentage of customers would be time share and how much 
would be working the percentage of revenue that comes from time shift and also I have observed 
that in Sterling Resort the EBIT margin has declined from 38.4% to 27% and now 25.9% so what are 
we planning to keep this 25.9% steady going ahead? 
 
Krishna Kumar: Two things as Vikram mentioned earlier, we have around 36 resorts with 2300 
rooms. The share of rooms versus members and guests is roughly around 55:45 (non members: 
members) and this ratio is going up towards the guests side and currently members typically occupy 
around 45% of the rooms and 55% of the occupancies are from the guests. When guests take a room 
we get the room revenue as well as the F&B revenue as incurred at the resort. For the membership, 
we get the annuity revenues and the amortized revenues from the customers who had  paid as a 
full product value. From the overall reported revenue for the year is concerned if you ask me what 
is mix of the membership amortization is coming to the P&L, this typically one third of the overall 
revenue which comes as far as reported number is concerned that is where the revenue number 
stands. As far as profitability is concerned while you see a decrease over the last quarter of previous 
year because last quarter of the previous year, we had some one-time reversal, which is giving you 
an upside on the revenues as well as on the EBITDA side. That is the update. 
 
Pooja: Are we planning to keep these margins steady like there will be no downside going away? 
Are we expecting to keep these margins ready for Sterling or if there could be some more margin 
decline going ahead? 
 
Vikram Lalvani: No. In fact the margins from here are only bound to go up. The reason being, if you 
see that the non-member side of the business is actually growing at a faster pace and typically it is 
moving from what it is currently at about 24%-25% towards at least 30% plus ]and it is highly 
sustainable. Infact, there is opportunity which is growing because of the fact that we are growing 
the non-member vertical far more significantly as it was before. In 2019, for example the balance of 
that mix was just the opposite and now actually we see the ramp up of the non-member business 
and as I mentioned we are using  a low-cost distribution method to ramp up our non-member 
business that is what will incremental EBITDA going forward which will then be on a sustained basis 
as we keep stabilizing. 
 
Pooja: Thank you Sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sandeep Verghese from Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandeep Verghese: Thank you for the time. I think this is more a strategic question in general. I 
know that the Group is entirely focused towards recovering all parts of the business and that is 
clearly evident by what we see happening. This is related to strategic question with regards to when 
you compare Thomas Cook subsidiaries and their business models versus one that is predominantly 

 
 
 
online and you have online players doing the same thing or similar things right given the major shift 
of a lot of businesses towards online offerings that accelerated by the pandemic also, moving 
forward how do you see Thomas Cook and its businesses playing out? Is there going to be a shift 
towards mostly digital or do you feel that there is inherently a significant offering still by having a 
party offline, party online mode? 
 
Mahesh Iyer: I will take that question and I will get my colleague, Vishal to join in if he has anymore 
points to add. Sandeep to begin with I think we have always stated this and we will continue to state 
this whether it was pandemic or pre-pandemic- we were always an omnichannel operator in this 
space. We had digital mediums to reach out to the customer to either market the products or let 
them actually book the products and that continues to be. So we also we also had offline source and 
a third-party distribution network which is managed and controlled by us. These also serve as 
distribution points for the customers to buy our services so that model continues to exist today and 
will exist in times to come.  I think that is also a reaffirmation of how many of the digital models, 
specifically in the startup space, who came about and then expanded into the offline mode. Some 
cases in point will be the startups like Lenskart, Nykaa, Sugar  which started online but they very 
quickly realized that there is an offline store that also requires them to keep the kind of brand 
visibility and customer penetration.. In our case, we started the reverse model we were a brick and 
mortar and moved online so that mix of online offline will continue to operate across all our lines of 
business.  
What has accelerated and I think you touched on that point during this period is how you kind of 
make that journey even more seamless. Look if it is a low ticket product that somebody needs to 
buy say a  Rs.1000 product, it is much easier to make that decision online and move on but when 
you are talking about a holiday service that comes into a few lakh rupees obviously the customer 
requires a bit of a high touch and also there are complexities - applying for a visa and the kind of 
question that one needs to go around with it is not an easy task so somebody needs to sit across 
the table, get these sorted out and collect a lot of paperwork around it to ensure that he gets it right 
the first time because there is no opportunity for us to go back and submit and resubmit the visa 
post a cancellation or a denial. So clearly, I think from the business point of view we believe that the 
online offline mix will continue. We will continue to keep investing in giving the power in the hands 
of the consumer to choose how he wants to talk to us. Today we have a call center, we have 
distribution point in the form of physical store, we have an online store and probably any other 
model that we will think will evolve over a period of time is something that will be thrown over to 
the customer to interact with us. On that note, I would like to head over to Vishal if you have 
anything more. 
 
Vishal Suri: I think Sandeep your question was more about the strategic intent. I think the intent 
continues to be an omnichannel player and we will continue to engage with the customers through 
multimodal distribution points be it digital or physical for that matter and I think that is where are. 
We continue to track what percentage of a business comes from each of these channels and we 
ensure that all these channels are coherent with each other and customer gets a seamless 
experience whenever he engages with us. I think that is where we are at this point in time. Mahesh 
has pretty much covered where we stand from a strategic intent perspective and I think this model 
has been tested and we believe in this model at this point in time. 
 
Sandeep Verghese: Sure thanks. My final question is with regards to as an investor how do I realize 
Thomas Cook prioritizing the various segments that we operate in today so given that each segment 

 
 
 
experiences a different margin of sorts at your group end, do you sort of prioritize the business that 
you have segment-wise based on their margins or are they all just given equal importance? 
 
Mahesh Iyer: Sandeep I think it is like trying to say choose between your kids right  andthat is not 
the model we follow. Well there is some method in the madness which is in terms of capital 
allocation and that goes more about saying which business has the propensity to deliver more cash 
or more profit on the table that is where the allocation will be maximum. Obviously, the levers when 
we decide profitability or cash allocation will be based on  the margin visibility we have on the 
business and its opportunity to grow faster than what the market will grow at. So some of those 
considerations go in but clearly as I said foreign exchange has been the front runner for the group 
and at Thomas Cook India specifically and continues to be the cash generator but again the inventory 
being cash, it also consumes a lot of cash in that business, the other business like holidays and all 
have been generating profit and we continue to do so in the future albeit we had a little bit of 
headache in the last 24 odd months but from our road to recovery and the future we feel very 
confident about it. 
 
Sandeep Verghese: Thanks for your time. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. I would now like to hand over the conference to the management for closing 
remarks. Thank you. 
 
Madhavan Menon: Thank you for all the questions that have been asked today which I thought 
were particularly addressing concerns. On the other side I just want to  end this by saying two things, 
one the bounce back that we are witnessing especially in two of our businesses foreign exchange as 
well as corporate travel both of which are very close to their pre-pandemic levels anddriving higher 
margins. The other aspect is that as the world opens, leisure will open also in terms of international 
travel. While we keep reading all these stories in the newspapers about visa constraints etc, the 
reality is that Southeast Asia as we progress is opening almost entirely without any restrictions be it 
a Bali, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Cambodia and all these locations are going to have direct 
connections both from the likes of leading airline in India as well as airlines from those countries- so 
access will not be an issue. My expectation is that in this quarter, you will see the travel businesses 
clearly driving growth to the recovery stage. As far as the destination management businesses are 
concerned, as Debasis mentioned, we have seen a full recovery at Desert Adventures the others 
Asia will start reopening, India will reopen closer towards the end of this year. But I think what is 
important to recognize is that the driving forces behind our recovery is one Sterling Holiday Resorts 
which is clearly shown six quarters if you look at Thomas Cook and SOTC having at it at a fully 
integrated level having actually come back to breakeven if not profitability and DEI which has fully 
recovered from that point of view.  
 
Last point I want to make is that this is not just a recovery story. This is actually a transformation 
story. Also a transformation story because if you look at the cost of 40% that both Mahesh and 
Debasis alluded to, the reality is we intend to retain these savings rather than disburse them off as 
growth comes back because we have done a fair amount of automation over the last three years 
and these have complemented if not replaced the people who are the costs that we have reduced. 
My expectation is that all the companies in the Group have transformed themselves from a cost and 
efficiency point of view including Sterling Holiday Resorts which I mean that is the most glaring 
example of a transformation. If you look within the Thomas Cook & SOTC segment the example of 
transformation is corporate travel which in SOTC had not made money earlier but has become 

 
 
 
profitable with a 60% recovery. So if you look at all these circumstances, we have very good reason 
to be optimistic of what we see. This is actually coming a little faster than we anticipated because 
once the opening started it sort of blown open and the demand that we are seeing despite the 
higher input costs is something that we wonder how it continues but the world calls it recovery or 
it calls it revenge travel, I think the higher input costs are actually beneficial to us because we are 
seeing higher margins in the form of commissions that we get through the bundling of products. 
And if you look at Sterling and their average room rates, we are talking about 20% growth in room 
rates, their cash generation has gone back to normal, so overall I think we have good reason to be 
optimistic and if we keep to the way we are right now with minimal capex sustained margins and 
maintaining our costs I believe that we will come through this a lot better than we were pre-COVID. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
