I 
® 
Bodal Chemicals Ltd. 
COLOURS. INTEGRATION. INNOVATION. 
By online submission 
Sec/22-23/27 
Date:02-06-2022 
To, 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
BSE Code: 524370 
Dear Sir /ma'am, 
To, 
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai-400 051. 
NSE Code: BODALCHEM 
Sub: Transcript of "Boda I Chemicals Limited Q4 FY22 Results Conference Call" 
We enclosed the transcript of Q4 FY22 Results Conference Call with Investors and Analysts 
which was held on 27th May 2022. 
Kindly take the same in your records. 
Thanking you, 
HEAD OFFICE : 
Plot No. 123-124, Phase-I, 
G.I.D.C, Vatva, Ahmedabad-382 445.
Gujarat, India.
www.bodal.com 
CIN No.: L24110GJ1986PLC009003 
Tel: +91 - 99099 50855 
+91 - 99099 50856
E-mail : info@bodal.com I 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Bodal Chemicals Limited Q4 FY22 Results Conference 
Call” 
 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information 
should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BODAL 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR PADHYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BODAL CHEMICALS LIMITED 
, 
 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Bodal Chemicals Limited Q4 FY'22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel, Executive Director. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everybody. On behalf of Bodal Chemicals Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to everyone joining us on our call today. On this call, we are joined 
by our CFO, Mr. Mayur Padhya and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the financial results and investor 
presentation, which has been uploaded on the stock exchanges and on our company's website. 
To begin with, I will give you a quick overview on the recent developments in the chemicals 
industry and our company, and then Mayur Padhya will walk you through the financial 
performance. 
 With over three decades of experience, Bodal Chemicals is India's Largest Integrated 
Manufacturer of Dyestuff and Dye Intermediates. In today's environment for Indian suppliers 
are  emerging as preferred partners globally, we have been able to leverage our leadership 
position. We have meaningful capacity across various products to serve the demand of end user 
industries. 
In the domestic market, our market share stood at 13% for dyestuff and 20% for dye 
intermediates business. 
In the global market, our market share stood at 3% for dyestuff and 6% for dye intermediates. 
We are expanding our product basket and including benzene derivatives,  chlor alkali products, 
which  have applications in pharma, agrochemicals, paper and other industries. 
We are moving forward and adding additional capacity across multiple products across different 
chemistries. 
Performance of FY'22: Total revenue for the FY'22 stood at Rs.2,068 crores which is the highest 
ever annual performance for the company. This growth was primarily driven by a better product 
mix and higher price realization. 
Talking about the Intermediates, Q4 FY'22 prices of H Acid and Vinyl Sulphone, that's about 
Rs.474 per Kg and Rs.288 per Kg respectively. At the same present are Rs.460 per Kg and 
Rs.275 per Kg respectively. This price has remained volatile during this fourth quarter. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
This year dye intermediates chemicals made a revenue of Rs.735 crores for us, an increase of 
33% on year-on-year basis. 
Many textiles SMEs are struggling to keep their businesses afloat because of the unprecedented 
volatility in the cotton prices, which has impacted the overall demand of dye intermediates. 
Although we consume more than 45% of our dye intermediates to produce dyestuff, we still 
have significant demand to serve. 
Close to half of the basic chemicals capacity is captively consumed for dye intermediates 
production. Our overall basic chemicals segment contributed around 10% of our total revenues 
during FY'22. 
Chlor Alkali Business: Our endeavor is to move up the value chain and diversify our business 
from core dyestuff and intermediates into  other specialty chemical products, such as benzene 
derivatives and chlor alkali products. Strong tailwinds and high demand aided  the Indian chlor 
alkali business. 
We purchased Rajpura Punjab facility in the first quarter of FY'22. Chlor Alkali business 
delivered a strong performance with revenues of Rs.254 crores in FY'22. 
We are confident that demand from FMCG, textiles and paper industries will be sustainable and 
we will be the reliable and preferred partner. 
After the technology upgradation program, we expect this unit to generate total revenues of 
Rs.325 crores, at optimum levels in the normalized scenario.   
Benzene derivatives and sulphuric acid derivatives - Our Saykha Greenfield project is in 
progress and we plan to have it commercialized same by Q1 FY'24. 
The capacity of sulphuric acid and derivatives will be 3,40,000 tons per annum which will 
include products like sulphuric acid,  oleum 23, oleum 65, liquid SO3, chloro sulphonic acid, 
liquid SO2, etc., 
We will also manufacture benzene-based downstream products such as MCB, PNCB, ONCB, 
MNCB, DNCB, PNA, 2,4 DNCB and MPDSA at the same Saykha location. 
We should be able to sell these products to our existing clientele and partly will be used for our 
captive purposes. We expect this project to generate additional revenues of around Rs.550 crores 
at optimum utilization levels in normal scenario. 
32% of our total business came from exports.  Hence, the increase the freight and transportation 
costs  has increased our other expenses considerably. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
On other developments, we do business in over 45-countries and have a product portfolio of 
over 200 products. This diversification requires significant resources for managing the inventory 
of critical raw materials and finished products, as well as the lengthy transit time. 
In the event of supply chain disruption, we prefer to preserve inventories and satisfy our clients 
need in the shorter timeframe. We have formed several trading and marketing subsidiaries to 
build a stock point and expand into new geographical markets. Our Turkey subsidiary, Sener 
Boya sales dispatches have improved meaningfully in the last one year. 
We have acquired remaining 20% equity stake of Sener Boya to make it a 100% subsidiary. 
Bodal China and S P S unit have also performed well with significant growth in top line. We are 
in process to amalgamate the S P S with Bodal. 
In a medium to long term view, the subsidiaries will penetrate the respective region and will 
bring meaningful business to our company. 
The primary goal of earlier investment has been to bring a long term sustainable business model 
without losing the leadership in the legacy business. 
FY'22 has been good for us bringing better stability to overall business. We foresee our business 
would be less volatile and more diversified in the coming years. We will be catering to a broad 
end use application market with a wide product basket. Global protocol and compliance have 
essentially redirected the demand to organized players like us. 
Indian chemical companies like us are poised for growth owing to increase in preference for a 
sustainable partner. 
Thank you. I now hand over the call to Mr. Mayur Padhya. He will walk you through the 
financial performance. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Good evening, everyone. Overall performance of the company has been robust for the Q4 and 
FY'22. Most of the facilities were operating at the healthy level. This growth is driven by better 
price and product mix. 
Our consolidated performance for Q4 FY'22 are as follows: 
Total revenue stood at Rs.600 crores for Q4 FY'22, a growth of 39% year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA stood at Rs.56 crores for Q4 FY'22, a degrowth of 4% year-on-year basis. Net profit 
for the quarter stood at Rs.29 crores for Q4 FY'22, a growth of 33% on year-on-year basis. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Our consolidated performance for FY'22 are as follows: Total revenue stood at Rs.2,068 crores, 
a growth of 66% on year-on-year basis. Around 32% of the business is contributed by export 
and balance is 68% from domestic sales. 
EBITDA stood at Rs.237 crores in FY'22 against Rs.120 crores for FY'21, a growth of 97.7%. 
The Turkish Lira has been volatile throughout the year and has affected the annual performance. 
The impact of full year basis has been incorporated into the consolidated financial. However, we 
have taken appropriate steps to address the FOREX exchange fluctuation and the same is 
reflected in the Q4 FY'22 performance. 
Other expenses on full year basis has also increased primarily due to additional overhead costs 
from Rajpura unit, coupled with higher power and logistic cost. 
Net profit for the FY'22 stood at Rs.99 crores against Rs.40 crores of FY'21. FY'22  performance 
of the key subsidiaries were healthy. 
S P S posted revenue of Rs.159 crores, a growth of 62% on year-on-year basis. 
Sener Boya has reported a total income of Rs.85 crores, a growth of 16% on year-on-year basis. 
Total income from China's subsidiary was Rs.36 crores, a growth of 124% on year-on-year basis. 
Segment wise performance on a consolidated basis for the FY'22 are as follows: 
Dyestuff revenue stood at Rs.700 crores, a growth of 75% on year-on-year basis. Dye 
Intermediates revenue stood at Rs.735 crores, a growth of 32% on year-on-year basis. 
Basic Chemicals revenue stood at Rs.196 crores growth of 57% Chlor Alkali division and TCCA 
revenue stood at Rs.254 crores and Rs.35 crores for the FY'22. 
Total production volume on a standalone basis for the FY'22 are as follows: Dyestuff reported 
20,058 MT for FY'22 against 14,756 MT for FY'21 Dye Intermediates reported 25,985 MT for 
FY'22 against 21,811 MT of FY'21. 
Basic Chemicals stood at 1,92,051 MT for FY'22 against 1,56,382 MT for FY'21. 
Chlor Alkali stood at 79,773 MT, of which, Caustic Soda stood at 57,938 MT. 
TCCA stood at 1,270 MT for FY'22 against 1,461 MT for FY'21. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
With this I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussion and question-and-
answer. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of 
Surinder Kumar Aggarwal, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Surinder K Aggarwal: 
What are the updates relating to recovery of bad debt decided by the company? 
Mayur Padhya: 
There is still no recovery from that bad debt. The person who was responsible is  out of India 
and we are not able to trace him. So, till now there is no recovery from that bad debt. 
Surinder K Aggarwal: 
My second question is when Rajpura plant commence operation and manufacturing? 
Mayur Padhya: 
Rajpura plant upgradation and capacity expansion work is going on and we are expecting that to 
complete in Q3 FY'23, we are expecting that to be functional with modern technology as well 
as additional capacity. Presently that plant is working and at the time of switching to the new 
technology, we are required to keep that plant closed for a week or so, otherwise it will go on 
working. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Devendra Pandey with DP Financial. Please go ahead. 
Devendra Pandey: 
So, we have seen many factory closures in Gujarat, which are producing dye intermediates. So, 
what would be the reason behind this? 
Mayur Padhya: 
For dye intermediates, particularly, after March, we are facing some issues particularly rise in 
price of basic chemicals and coal prices. Now, for dye intermediates, the immediate competitor 
for us is China, and in China we have experienced that, because of COVID last three, four 
months they were disturbed and the raw material prices, particularly, basic chemicals prices have 
not increased to the extent which are in India. So, there is a disparity as far as cost of production 
in India and China. If you take  example of caustic soda, which is prevailing at present Rs.60 in 
India, and in China it is still traded at about Rs.40, 45.  Other products like sulphur, caustic soda, 
and even coal, there are some differences, which is because of this temporary disruption COVID. 
Cost of production is bit higher compared to China. And that's why some of the units have closed 
their production. This is the reason. So, once there is a parity, they will once again start 
production. 
Ankit Patel: 
I would like to  add a little bit on this. Some of our competitors, their model is a little different, 
where they are standalone intermediate players. So, in a time like this, they shut down the plant, 
but we have a 45% captive consumption. So, at the same time, we are comfortably operating the 
plant but it is obviously at a lower production level right now. But I think we experience a similar 
scenario.. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Devendra Pandey: 
My second question is what is the current market of Vinyl Sulphone and H Acid? And do we 
have enough orders to serve this vertical? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, Vinyl Sulphone overall is in a better position. H Acid is where the pressure has been created, 
because there's a lot of coal consumption and  caustic consumption is there. And like Mayur bhai 
was explaining, there's a little difference in the cost at which India is buying and China is buying. 
So, that is hurting a little bit in H Acid. So, for that, we have lowered down our production levels, 
but we are catering to our captive consumption. And at the same time, it may go on for  a month 
or two like this. Like I said in the past this has happened and then it comes back to routine. And 
H Acid constitutes around 10% to 15% of our total revenues. I mean, it may affect our revenues, 
but similar things happen all the time when we are working in three, four different sectors, at the 
same time, a couple of other sectors are doing very well. So, they are operating at 100% available 
capacity and the margins are good. So, in general, this is the combination of our business goes, 
at times one or two sectors are a little dull, and then they come back to routine. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Jain with Mahavir Investment. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Jain: 
My first question is if you can throw some light on chlor alkali business? 
Ankit Patel: 
In Chlor Alkali, we have acquired the capacity at Punjab. Because it was an old plant, they are 
operating with the older technology where the consumption of the power is more which results 
in higher cost. So, we have immediately placed the orders and in fact received the main 
technology machinery in the  last few days only. And by Diwali, we are planning to upgrade the 
technology, which will bring down our cost annually around Rs.25, 30 crores. Also, at the same 
time, we are increasing the capacity . So, our capacity will also go up by  100,000 tons per year, 
in FY'22 we did about 55,000 MTPA. Also the consumption areas of caustic are doing very well 
right now. That is why the prices of caustic has been historically high and they are sustaining 
since last three, four months, and going ahead, also June still looks very strong, because there 
are regular exports that are happening from the western part of India that is helping these higher 
prices in India to sustain. So, I see at least few more months where the prices of caustic to be 
sustained,  the current levels are around 60, 65, even a price of 45, 50 is very good even if it 
starts coming down, it takes about three, four, five months to normalize. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Secondly, if I recollect correctly, earlier you were targeting an annual revenue of approximately 
Rs.300 crores from our Punjab plant. So, if I say this inflationary cost pressure, so, any revised 
guidance of revenue from that plant? 
Ankit Patel: 
We had given a guidance of around Rs.300 crores. At current levels, obviously, it would 
probably cross Rs.400 crores. But if I talk about some average prices in the last 10 years, then it 
should do about Rs.325 crores. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Not a major jump. Lastly, as you mentioned the Rajpura plant will be operational by December 
or so. So, what would be the opportunity that the revenue potential from the Rajpura plant? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Ankit Patel: 
Rajpura plant is chlor alkali plant only. So, that is where we had Rs.255 crores of revenues in 
FY'22 which will go up to about Rs.325 crores, from diwali onwards it will run at annual basis. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Demand scenario is robust, right? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Kaetan with SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
What is the caustic soda volume figure for FY'22? 
Ankit Patel: 
It is around 50,000 MT. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
So, when we talk about the annual volume figure for dye intermediates for FY'22, so, that is 
around 20,058 tons. So, this includes the captive consumption or it excludes it? 
Mayur Padhya: 
For dye intermediates,  production figure  includes captive consumption. And on your earlier 
question caustic soda, last year's production was 57,938 MT. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
Now, a question on the dyestuff front. From post-March what we are witnessing is that the cotton 
prices have shot to a record levels and that has led to some sort of unstability into the textile 
production. So, most of the textile players are out of the market as of now, because of the lack 
of cotton. So, how does this impact our dyestuff business because almost 60% of the dependency 
of dyestuff business is on the textile side, so, how you see this thing to shape up and will this 
impact our Q1 FY'23 revenues considerably? 
Ankit Patel: 
You're right about the cotton quarter prices are being very volatile, but if I share my knowledge 
about last few days or a few weeks, it's not  volatile anymore and prices have been correcting 
and I think that somewhere it would be settling which will give opportunity to the textile players 
to stabilize the business and maybe pass on whatever the increase in the raw material prices are. 
Yes, it did have a few months of volatility, but I think we are going towards stability now. And 
I think cotton is definitely one of the reasons why there was some disturbance in the overall 
textile demand. That led to some lower demand of dyestuff, that again led to some lower demand 
of dye intermediates, which is the reason why there is some slowdown at the moment in the dye 
intermediates production capacities also. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Another thing is we export dyestuff almost 70%. So,, there is not big disturbance what we feel 
in India, at the same time dyestuff we do have some long-term order. So, we are comfortable as 
far as the dyestuff division is concerned. It's not that it's booming, but, yes, to some extent we 
are better positioned compared to other players. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
Sir, on the caustic soda side, just I made some calculations. So, the average selling price for 
caustic soda in this year FY'22 was Rs.48 a kilo, means considering we had acquired the plant 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
on a slump sale basis, the quality of the plant was not good , still we're able to get some sort of 
high realization. So, what makes the case for upgradation of the technology into the caustic soda 
side when the existing plant only yielding some sort of Rs.48-50 a kilo caustic soda realization? 
Ankit Patel: 
When we acquired the asset, at that time the prices were very low. In fact, at net profit level we 
had some small losses  in the first couple of months, because the prices were under pressure at 
that time. Has the scenario changed about six months ago? Yes, that is why the prices went up 
to Rs.70. The average price looks very strong. But, if I look at the last 10 years price including 
even couple of extraordinary times like this, it won't be more than Rs.35. So, to operate in that 
Rs.35 business, if I look at the next five or 10 or 20 years, we have to be competitive. So, the 
main reason was to upgrade the technology. We got the asset at a very attractive price. And 
immediately after the acquisition, we have placed the orders for the technology upgradation 
which I already  mentioned that we will save around Rs.30 crores for us annually. So, again, to 
be competitive in the market against the competitors and also to save the Rs.30 crores on annual 
basis, that is the key. Even at Rs.48 or Rs.60 or Rs.30 selling price, that Rs.30 crores annually 
will be saved for sure, because it is on the cost side, it will save our power unit consumptions. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
Sir, you said that to an earlier participant that there's a disconnect in the prices when we look at 
caustic soda or any other sort of raw material. So, considering if there is a shutdown considerably 
because of COVID in China, so, the vinyl sulphone and H Acid prices should have been 
skyrocketed, so, considering we are the largest manufacturer. Still we are not witnessing that 
sort of a trend on both the prices globally. So, what is the possible reason you foresee? So, still 
there is supply in the market considering there is another near country which is supplying good 
amount of H Acid or vinyl sulphone. 
Ankit Patel: 
China,   was shut down, but not the entire country was shut down,  it was partly, especially  the 
manufacturing hubs are usually away from the cities, where COVID spreads are not as bad as in 
the cities. But being in the city, having been affected by COVID is , very high, I think, they had  
certain quantities available, which are  usually aren't. So,  what I would take is that their demand 
was a little disturbed, whether maybe a supply of the raw materials or intermediates was not 
disturbed that much. And another reason is, it's not that a lot of the raw material is coming from 
China, but that cost is a little lower because their coal prices are much lower at the moment. The 
coal prices have been controlled by the central government from Beijing, wherein in India, the 
coal prices are higher. Also, a couple of the key raw materials are also much lower in China for 
a few reasons. So, that is why their cost only in H Acid at the moment is coming a little lower. 
So, when the cost is coming low, they are able to offer to Indian buyers at the lower price. So, 
that's why there's some pressure here. But I think once COVID normalizes there, then their 
consumption of the H Acid will be normalized, I think then there wouldn't be much raw materials 
available also. Also, there are a lot of volatilities in terms of logistics,  coal,  the raw materials, 
basic chemicals, and basic components. So, this is also affecting. In some products, India may 
be cheaper at the moment, in some products, China may be cheaper. So, I think this is just a little 
extraordinary time which we are witnessing, but I think if the COVID  goes away,  then it will 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
be normal, where Indian supplier, would  be able to meet the Indian demand well and there 
shouldn't be much disturbance from Chinese supplier. 
Aditya Kaetan: 
Sir, just a follow up on this. So, suppose the disparity in prices continue for the next two months, 
so, do you foresee any substantial impact on the business, because considering the situation 
today, so, China is offering at a steep discount, so, definitely, there would be good amount of 
pressure if the situation continues for the next two months also? 
Ankit Patel: 
Even if it continues for, let's say, a quarter or two, it doesn't affect us in a big way. Because as I 
mentioned earlier, the revenues from H Acid we get is around 10% to 15%. So, even if, , we are 
able to operate only at 50%, then maybe  we would get affected by 5%, 6%. And at the same 
time, we are also into many other sectors and other businesses, where we are seeing 
improvement. So, I don't think it's a big setback for us at all. I mean, this can happen again, if 
the caustic soda prices goes down to Rs.40, then again, it may have a hit of 5% on annual revenue 
side. I think manufacturing business goes through cycles like this all the time. Now, we are into 
five or six different product lines, at any given time maybe under little pressure. I think this is 
very common. If we depend at 30%, 40%, 50%, on H Acid, and if my plant is at 50%, or if my 
plant is been shut down, then it's a big setback, it can affect the annual numbers, it can affect the 
quarterly numbers, but I think H Acid is a very small portion for us now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to get the point forward, which you mentioned currently, the caustic soda prices are in the 
vicinity of I think $700 in the international market. So, just trying to get a sense of the disparity 
which you are having in terms of Chinese prices being much, much lower than what the other 
geographies are quoting, if you could clarify on that sir? 
Ankit Patel: 
Chinese domestic prices are around Rs.45, where again if they want to export to India, but which 
is not available, because again the logistics cost is very high. Also, their own demand is pretty 
high. So, the domestic production goes towards  the local demand. But I think they are the largest 
producer of caustic; they are at around 45%, 50% of the installed capacity of the world and their 
lower buying of coal is also supporting them and keeping their caustic cost down. So, I think 
India and China are not directly connected or related in the caustic business, where there are no 
imports coming from China.  If you look at the western region, where the chemical hubs are, 
then there is hardly any consignment that comes from China even in the last five or 10 years. 
So, India and China both work in different regions. It affects us in our intermediates business, 
but in our chlor alkali business, it makes no difference. And like you said $700, yes, for June, 
Indian companies have got orders for $720 and  $740 for the June shipments. So, that's a very 
good realization again, and this has been happening in last few months. So, that is a big support 
that the Gujarat players are getting. That is why across India, the prices are remaining very high. 
Saket Kapoor: 
You have put a number that the next month deliverables are at $740 for caustic soda export? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, there are already orders. In Gujarat, three companies have already got orders for caustic 
soda exports for the month of June at average around $730. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, sir, then this relevance of China quoting lower, is it only a misnomer or is there a different 
geography or different work altogether, what should we draw conclusion from the prices trading 
lower at the Chinese market? 
Ankit Patel: 
When we say Rs.45, that is a local price in the chemical hub. If China wants to export, then from 
the chemical hubs, they have to go to the ports, there is a packaging cost, there is a big freight 
cost, which is very high at the moment. So, let's say if you want to buy that Rs.45 material in 
Gujarat, it will not cost you less than let's say Rs.55, 60. At a such high price, shipping cost is 
also high. So, at the same time, there are no imports here at all, because from western part of 
India, there is a demand, which caters to let's say, Africa, or Middle East, that's why the Indian 
companies are able to export, where China is mostly consuming the materials within the country. 
Because it is a low value product, you have to sell to the closest buyer. For China they will 
realize more money if they sell it to South Korea, or Taiwan or Vietnam, or Malaysia, even to 
western United States, countries. So, that's India and China, we both work in different regions. 
Being a smaller value product, if it is a Rs.200, Rs.300, Rs.400 product per Kg, then extra logistic 
costs can be absorbed, then the products can be probably exported from India to maybe even 
Europe or US. That happens in intermediates and dyestuff and all that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
If you could give us some more color on the current business environment for the entire value 
chain for us, what was it at March end, and how are things shaping up for dynamic execution in 
continuation to the basket in which we operate? 
Ankit Patel: 
Overall, there's a good development in the TCCA where there was an issue about exporting the 
material to US being a hazardous product, and there's so much of demand for containers to US, 
most of the shipping lines were not taking this hazardous material, but now since one and a half, 
two months, we are able to regularly export. So, I can say the plant and the exports have 
regularized for us which is a good sign. Then caustic is  doing well; the prices are sustaining 
easily around Rs.60. So, that is  making good money for us. On Basic chemicals, where there is 
an issue with the higher input cost, where sulfur is the main raw material, which is around Rs.40 
right now per Kg, which is four times than the last 10-year average. So, that is still we are able 
to pass on the increase price and we are still able to make some normal margin. Our chlor alkali 
business is doing very well; it is running at more than 100% capacity, and the margins are 
sustaining there also. Our dyestuff, because we have some good orders, I think our dyestuff 
quantities are doing well, where we are able to consume our intermediates by about 45%, 50%. 
In intermediates, which is again about 30% of our revenues, there are some issues right now at 
the moment because some of the raw material costs are high. And in H Acid, there is a cost 
advantage, China has a little low  right now. That is affecting us a little bit. So, overall, compared 
to Q4 FY'22 versus Q1 FY'23, there may be a little slowdown in terms of volumes or numbers, 
yes, but I think it's not a very concerning numbers. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we look at your consolidated numbers on a QoQ basis also, the subsidiaries are making 
losses. So, what are the key reasons that we are seeing losses from Sener Boya and especially S 
P S in particular, reporting losses for the financial year 2022? And what steps are we taking? 
Whether it is the lower utilization levels, if you could clarify on the same? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, S P S was definitely hurt by this H acid, because S P S only has a H Acid plant. Recently, 
we have started  with vinyl sulphone production also  which is now stabilizing, it will take some 
time. But H Acid is being the key product there because of the cost being higher especially the 
manufacturing unit in north India. So, it has a little bit of a higher cost compared to the Gujarat 
unit also. So,  H acid production is what hurt us in this last quarter in SPS.  I think some big 
losses are coming from there. But  the steps we are taking for SPS is, we have already started 
the vinyl sulphone production there which works in a good synergy and which brings down the  
overall cost and both together create a good margin. So, that is what we are doing right now,  
within a few months, both should be operating at a healthy utilization and we should not be 
making any losses  and maybe create some decent margins also there. In Sener Boya, I think it 
was a good move, but the COVID affected us big time. So, in 2019 we acquired 80% stake, but 
then immediately, we had these issues of COVID, so, it has been difficult and challenging right 
for us. In the Q3 FY'22, we had an issue because of the FOREX, lira being depreciated , I think 
we made some losses there. But our financial team has done the right thing, we have converted 
all our exposure into the local loans, etc., in Turkey, which removes the risks that we face and 
we had to book some losses one-time. So, there also we are moving from exposing the loans 
from Indian parent company to Turkey and we have stopped doing that and we are taking local 
currency loans, which doesn't affect us in terms of the currency or maybe Mayur bhai can explain 
a little bit better about what we are doing in Sener Boya, Turkey. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But we acquired another 20% stake, so, what valuation did we paid for it earlier and what have 
been the valuation currently for Sener Boya and the reason for acquiring? 
Mayur Padhya: 
Earlier, we have paid about Rs.32 crores when we acquire 80%. At that time, the company's 
volume was about 100 MT per month, because it's a trading company, so, its volume is 
important. And even though there is a COVID in the last two years, we have reached to more 
than 250 MT per month. So, it has a very good potential to grow further. And considering all 
these things, we paid about Rs.31 crores for balance 20%. So, we have acquired 100% stake in 
this company and as mentioned by Ankit bhai, since there was a COVID, we could not perform 
fully. So, without COVID, we will be able to perform better and it can grow further. So, this is 
one area. Your second question regarding the steps taken by us in Sener Boya, earlier there was 
payable as far as trade credit as well as foreign currency loan in Sener Boya which was to the 
tune of about $8 million when we conclude the quarter of December '21. So, that was the main 
area which has affected or which has created loss for the company, because the lira depreciated 
heavily and having a loan in US dollar, there was a huge loss for us. But now we have paid off 
all the loan which was there in foreign currency. For that we have acquired some local currency 
loan and some funding we have done from here to there. So, whatever loan we have given to 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Sener Boya that also we have converted into capital. So, at present, there is no US dollar 
borrowing or payable by way of loan. At the same time there is some receivable in US dollar 
because we export about 30% of our volume to Uzbekistan. So, there is a positive position as far 
as Sener is concerned. So, if there is a further depreciation, we will earn something from FOREX 
area rather than we pay or we lose something as far as FOREX loss is concerned. So, we have 
taken enough steps and there is no possibility that we can face further loss. All the experts are 
saying that lira can depreciate further, but there is no regular or further appreciation is visible. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anik Mitra with Voltfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, my first question is regarding capacity utilization. Can you give numbers of capacity 
utilization in dye intermediates and dyestuff? 
Mayur Padhya: 
Dye intermediates capacity utilization was 95% in Q4 FY'22 and dyestuff it was a bit lower for 
Q4FY22 it was about 50%, but for the full year it was about 57%. For basic chemicals it was 
more than 106%. For Thionyl Chloride also is 109%.. Caustic Soda , , we were running with the 
older technology, so we have mentioned earlier  that we will be able to operate at about 70%.  
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, regarding dyestuff capacity utilization, like what is the outlook going forward in another few 
quarters, especially in FY'23? 
Ankit Patel: 
For FY'22 we did about 57% utilization, which is not bad, because dyestuff has a wide range of 
products, where we have to switch from product-to-product having different shades. So, I think 
the peak utilization is around 70%. So, we did about 57%, which is not a bad number. I think 
going ahead, we do have many long term orders and our order book looks very strong right now. 
So, even in the coming quarters, I think dyestuff business should do quite stable. 
Anik Mitra: 
Do you see any impact of Ukraine war in your business? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, we have not seen a direct impact of Ukraine war in our business, but there are some indirect 
effects, I think specially in chlor alkali business where Russia supplies gas to almost all the 
countries in Europe, where there are some disturbances because of which in the chlor alkali 
plants which is in Europe, most of them are based on gas. And again, Europe has about 20% of 
global capacity in chlor alkali industry. So, there are some difficulties of productions and  some 
utilizations that have gone down. I think that is probably creating some supply global constraints, 
that is probably helping, the manufacturers globally to sustain a high price that has been 
happening in the last few months. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, you were referring higher prices of cotton which keep lots of textile players out of the 
business. Sir, you rightly told like cotton price is settling down, but sir still it is elevated. No one 
knows like what will happen going forward in another three, four months, whether it will finally 
settle down or again it will make a new high, because it happened this time also like after cooling 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
off, again it went up. So, what measure have you taken like in case cotton price keeps on rising, 
because your 60% of business is very much dependent on textile players? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, so, our dyestuff sales are around 30%, out of which, 60% depends on the textiles. So, if I 
look at the overall top line, then it is not that significant number, but, at the same time, this 
logistic is playing a key part, because even in cotton there is a global supply and demand internal 
in different regions. So, if you look at logistics or  at basic costs, most of the things had reached 
a peak, where now either they're slowing down or either they will settle in those levels. So, going 
ahead, I don't feel that cotton prices can be even higher than the certain levels. But I see maybe 
in coming two, three quarters,  actually correcting a little bit and maybe settling where the textile 
players  will be able to absorb the cost and pass it on to the selling prices, where the consumers 
also absorb the increase in the price.  
Anik Mitra: 
Have you taken any price hike in the last couple of quarters? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, absolutely. So, depending on cost increase, we definitely on day-to-day basis are applying 
the cost increase to our selling prices, where we talked about H Acid today where it is difficult 
to pass it on, but able to absorb all the increase very comfortably. 
Anik Mitra: 
Regarding margin, like as all of us know, that freight cost is higher, coal prices are also very 
much elevated, so, what do you assess like regarding margins? 
Ankit Patel: 
Coal prices have been higher for more than six months now. We can say is that has already been 
absorbed. Even all our major raw materials, the prices have been on a higher side for last two, 
three quarters now. So, there has already been absorbed. So, if you look at our even Q3 that 
include most of the raw materials being on a higher side. So, that shows that we are able to pass 
it on and we are still able to do some decent margins. 
Mayur Padhya: 
One thing I would like to add for your earlier question. When you mentioned that dyestuff 
business of 60% we are dependent on textile business we do have dyestuff factories, which is 
not dedicated for textile dyes only, it's a fungible capacity we can produce laser dyes as well as 
paper dyes in the same complex to some extent. So, there is a possibility we can switch over and 
do additional production for laser dyes or something like that.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from line of Ayushi Shah, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Ayushi Shah: 
Sir, my first question was regarding the committee that we made for exploring inorganic growth 
opportunity. So, do we have any idea what exactly are we looking at, Like, is it basic chemicals, 
dye intermediates, dyestuff, which sector are we looking at for inorganic growth opportunities? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, if I talk about the organization where my father has done a lot of acquisitions, but obviously, 
they were very small back in the day, but that has definitely helped us to create a good growth 
path, and that is the reason why we have reached a certain level in the manufacturing numbers 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
and, top line . What we felt is that we were not formally active in the M&A space, and in the 
market, where I think we needed to be. So, until now, other than the Punjab acquisition, 
everything had come to us on a local network, but we were never in the market at  India level or 
international level where we look for opportunities. So, that is why we have taken a formal 
organized step, where we have created a committee, which will meet on regular basis and 
explore, we will obviously be more aggressively active in the networks in the M&A 
communities. So, just to explore these opportunities in a more serious manner, we have done 
this. We are not clear what kind of acquisitions we are looking for. The Punjab acquisition has 
been fruitful for us, but we definitely would look for specialty chemicals or some value added 
products, obviously, nothing of a commodity nature and all that. But, the strategy is not very 
clear at the moment. We just want to activate ourselves into that space, which can bring in more 
and more opportunities and we can probably encash on that. 
Ayushi Shah: 
Sir, my next question was about what is it the breakup of the revenue just to understand in terms 
of what is organic, and what has contributed from increase in prices? Sir, if you could give me 
the guidance for the next year like revenue levels, if it would have been segment wise, that would 
be great? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, our intermediates business in the last couple of quarters, the prices have not been very high. 
So,  which is around 700, 800 crores, I think, it can be  flat going into the next year also. Dyestuff, 
, I can say that it can be  flat, because, it is directly linked to the raw materials of dye 
intermediates. Chlor Alkali, where we did about Rs.250 crores, which prices may correct, but 
again, we are adding more capacity. So, maybe that can also will increase, it will have a higher 
topline, it should be from Rs.255 crores to around maybe Rs.300 crores plus levels. Other areas 
like Trion Chemicals, where we had about Rs.35 crores, there we are now doing much better 
than the last few quarters. So, that also can add a bit more revenues. And SPS, we started the VS 
production there. So, that can also add a little bit of more revenues. So, overall, I think we can 
have a flat year as far as the current business . We will be starting our Saykha production around 
May 2023. So, that will be in fact in the next year. But for this current ongoing year, we can 
have a flat year,. So, maybe Rs.100 or Rs.200 crores of more revenues in the current financial 
year. 
Ayushi Shah: 
So, basically the flat growth that you expect and the next two or three quarters is expected to go 
on for the entire year you are saying? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes,, but then again in FY'24, we should definitely have a jump around Rs200, crores and again 
FY'25 when we have a fully utilization of our Saykha digital projects, there we are forecasting 
around Rs.2,700, 2,800 top line. So, within next two years, it can go from around Rs.2,000 crores 
to about Rs.2,800 crores. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Ayushi Shah: 
In the last conference call, you've given a guidance that we are increasing our debt by around 
Rs.350 crores or something like that. We already have increased our debt by around Rs.200 
crores in this quarter. So, what is the plan going ahead and where will this debt majorly be used? 
Mayur Padhya: 
As far as the term debt is concerned, we are raising debt for this Saykha project as well as this 
modernization at Punjab unit. So, at present, term debt in the balance sheet is about Rs.213 crores 
and during current year it may get added by about Rs.300 crores considering the growth in the 
project. So, that will be a kind of Rs.500 crores plus/minus should be there at March '23. And as 
far as working capital is concerned, we are really focusing to reduce from this level, because in 
last two quarters itself, there has been a jump in prices of basic chemical which has increased 
our blockage in working capital particularly in trade receivable as well as inventory. So, we are 
doing conscious effort to reduce debt  and even utilization of working capital from the current 
level. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Coming to this debt part only, currently, what is our cost of funds currently for the long term 
debt that we have tied up? 
Mayur Padhya: 
For long-term debt it is about 6.7%, in some of the case it's about 7%. So, on an average it's 
about 6.8%. But since the RBI has increased the repo rate that can increase to that extent going 
ahead. But our working capital is at much lower, because we are using about Rs.125 crores of 
foreign currency loan, where the cost is up to 2.2% to 2.5%. And whatever rupee loan we use 
for working capital, that is around 5%. So, blended, we can say it's about 4.5% to 5% at present. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That is stated to go up only because now the environment has changed. On an absolute number, 
this was Rs.29 crores for this financial year. So, this number should increase only since we'll be 
drawing more funds for this year. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Yes, interest cost will definitely increase because RBI has given clear signal that it can have 
another round of repo rate increase, and at the same time, Fed is also increasing rate. So,  that is 
also at the increasing trend. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I would like to have some more understanding on slide 29 and 30 of your presentation. Herein, 
you have mentioned about the next level of CAPEX to drive next level of growth and this moving 
up the value chain with new chemistry. So, these two aspects if you could delve more on 
explaining what are we eyeing currently? 
Mayur Padhya: 
There are two areas where we are doing growth. That is one at one Punjab site and another is a 
Saykha south Gujarat site. As far as Punjab site, we have already acquired running unit of 
Mawana Sugars for chlor alkali. So, it is a running unit, it is contributing to our revenue as well 
as bottom line. And over there, we are doing modernization kind of things. So, upgraded 
technology we are installing. So, that process as mentioned by Ankit bhai by diwali or by 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
December, that process will over So, that will have a production of about 1 lakh MTPA.. That 
will have a CAPEX of about Rs.270 crores as far as Punjab is concerned. This is one area. So, 
this is a new line of activity we have started. Earlier, we were not into chlor alkali business.. 
Another, Saykha site, we are going to have two plants; one is sulfuric acid plant, that will be 
capacity addition for the company. We already have 500 MT per day plant for sulfuric acid at 
our Padra site, and another about 1,000 plus whatever metric ton per day plant we will have at 
our Saykha site. That will also have sulfuric acid as well as its derivative like chloro sulphonic 
is 23%, oleum is 65%,. At the same site, we will also have benzene downstream product., 
Benzene will be our raw material and from benzene, we will produce MCB. So, MCB will be 
fully captively consumed. From MCB, we will produce PNCB, ONCB, MNCB, DNCB kind of 
products. So, out of that, PNCB will have a further consumption as well as sales in the market. 
And from that we will produce PNA as well as 2,4 DNCB. At the same time from 2,4 DNCB, 
we will produce MPDSA. So, there will be three, four stages of integration and basket of six to 
eight products that we will start manufacturing and that is a new line for us in a way. Though, 
out of this product to PNA and MPDSA, we are producing at our Padra site but in a lower 
quantum. So, the sulfuric acid and benzene, both put together will add about Rs.550 crores of 
revenue for the company and this will be operational in Q1 FY'24. Hope I have covered all your 
question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just to come to this derivative part of benzene, abbreviations which you have mentioned, the 
products will be catering to which segment? In your business highlight, you mentioned H Acid 
price is Rs.474 per kg. So, what have been the price trend for last year, if you could give some 
color on it? 
Mayur Padhya: 
During last year also, H Acid price was more or less similar in the range; it was ranging between 
450 to 500 in that range.  
Ankit Patel: 
In benzene derivatives, there is a lot of import that happened since many years. So, what we are 
trying to do is we are trying to substitute the imports that come into India. That is the one of the 
main reasons. Second is that out of all the products that we are going to produce, there are three 
products that we consume captively in our intermediates space. So, we also want to synergize 
some of our raw material needs. Like the areas you ask for, where it is used, I think pharma is 
one of the main spaces, PNCB is used in a major way. Agrochemicals is another space where it 
is consuming in a big way. And , dye intermediates, there is also some export opportunities as 
well. So, again, we are getting into a business where it goes into multiple sectors. We don't want 
to depend ourselves where we expose ourselves to limited or one or two sector only. We want 
to be producing specialty products which has multiple applications not only in India, but across 
the world. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to take things offline, do we need to approach SGA for any one-to-one conversation going 
forward, if I could not cover every point here and I have something else to ask post the call --? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Ankit Patel: 
It is fine, you can contact them, please let us know we can set up a quality time or we can do in-
person meeting also any time. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to derive some merit, if we could provide the numbers in lakhs and crores? You are also 
conducting the call wherein we are using terminologies of lakhs and crores, but in the 
presentation it is all about million. So, if it is not for any other purpose, if you could convert it 
into this lakhs and crores that will be more familiar in the investing community. Just a suggestion 
on my front if that would be looked in it if anyway – 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, it makes sense, but in the in the past, we've had international investors also, we also at the 
moment have international investors. So, that is the reason why we moved to million, where we 
can have common numbers where everybody can understand. But, Mayur bhai, we can maybe 
consider this and maybe move to crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For H Acid, you were mentioning something that there was some price disparity or some 
fluctuation that resulted in lower profit. So, since you have told me the prices were averaging 
only from Rs.450-500 crores, the mention of the same sir, I could not follow the point. 
Ankit Patel: 
At the moment the input cost to manufacture H Acid is very high. The finished goods price of 
H Acid is around the same level, but the input cost for some of the raw materials are high. We 
are not able to pass on the increase in the cost in H Acid because there are some quantities 
available from China where their input cost is a little less. So, especially last about 20, 30 days, 
this has happened in the industry, where the Indian manufacturers of H Acid are not able to make 
decent margins in H Acid. So, there is some disturbances in that space. So, the primary reason 
is, things like coal, caustic or some of the other raw materials, are a little bit higher compared to 
how much they are available at it in local Chinese market. So, I think it is a temporary thing. So, 
it may have an impact temporarily. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to conclude, this 20% stake for Sener Boya, is Sener a local person, how many parties were 
there, from whom we purchased the 20% and was there any clause in which we had to buy back 
this because we paid a big valuation change and this Sener Boya is only a trading company or 
do we have a manufacturing facility also there, correct me sir? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, there is a value addition facility, but it is not a complete manufacturing set up. So, Sener 
Boya was our first buyer in Turkey, which is  one of the largest textiles processing in the world. 
So, them being our regular buyer since the beginning days, they had a strong position in Turkey 
and surrounding country markets. So, we were actually planning to set up our own subsidiary 
company and start from scratch, which wouldn't have given us the quantities that we have 
already achieved. So, the idea was to take over this majority trading company, where they have 
a position in not only Turkey, but the surrounding countries also. So, for us to grow in dyes 
sector, we had to start selling more to these strong areas where they consume a lot of dyes. So, 
if we would have started from scratch, it would have taken us a lot of time, we may not have 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
even reached this level even after five or 10 years. So, that is the reason why we bought the 
stake, where it was a ready-made structure, where they already had a good size market, and we 
are able to already more than double what they used to do, because of the support that we give 
our own dyestuff. So, there was no clause or anything, but it's better off to do things 
independently. We wanted to wait to buy the remaining stake just to keep them active in the 
company. And Turkish people are definitely local. We wanted to keep them active in the 
business until we are confident and we learn about the business. And then at this point, we are 
satisfied with the growth that we have done in terms of volumes. And we have appointed people 
from India and local Turkish people also. So, I think, we reached the point where we are 
confident about the growth that we had forecasted, that is why we had gone ahead and bought 
the remaining stake. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman due to time constraint, there will be no further questions. I would now like 
to hand the call back to Mr. Ankit Patel for closing remarks. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you very much, everybody present on the call. Thank you, SGA. Definitely, myself and 
Mayur bhai are available if anybody needs to connect to us one-on-one, or via e-mail or on a call 
or anything. Please contact SGA and we can we can schedule a call, or even a personal meeting 
at our office in Ahmedabad. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Bodal Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
