June 3, 2022 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 00 1 
Extraordinary Together 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 -
Conference Call with 
Investors 
This has reference to our intimation dated May 26, 2022, informing that the audio 
recording of the Conference Call with Investors, to discuss the financial results of the 
Company for the Quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022, is uploaded on 
the website of the Company. 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the above conference call held on May 26, 2022. 
The said transcript has also been uploaded on the Company's website www.zee.com. 
The above is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Encl: As above 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
Regd. Office: 18th Floor, A~Wing. Marathon Futurex, N.M. Joshi Marg. Lower Parel. Mumbai - 400 013, India 
P: +91 22 7106 1234 I F: +91 22 2300 2107 I CIN: L92132MH1982PLC028767 I www.zee.com 

• 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
MANAGEMENT: 
Q4FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26,2022 
Transcript 
Mr. Punit Goenka - Managing Director and CEO 
Mr. Rohit Gupta - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh - Head Investor Relations 
Page 1 of 22 

• 
Moderator: 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Punit Goenka: 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
l adies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Q4 FV22 Earnings Conference Call 
of Zee Entertainment Enterprises limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir! 
Thank you Margaret. Hello, everyone and Welcome to Zee Entertainment's Q4 FY22 
Earnings discussion. 
We have with us today our Managing Director and CEO - Mr. Pun it Goenka along with 
senior management team. 
We will start with opening rema rks from Mr. Goenka followed by commentary on 
operating and financial performance by Mr. Rohit Gupta, our Chief Financial Officer. 
We will subsequently open the floor for questions and answers session. 
Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements 
made or discu ssed on today's conference call will be forward looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. The company 
does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly. With 
that I would hand the call over to M r. Goenka. Thank you. 
Thank you Mahesh. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us this evening to 
interact with me and my team members on the company's performaoce in the final 
quarter of the fina ncial year 2022. 
The media and entertainment sector overall has certainly seen a fair share of ups and 
downs in FY2022 due to th e COVID-19 pandemic. The fourth quarter also witnessed 
the quick disruption due to a sudden recent resurgence and then decline of the third 
wave which led to minimal impact on the industry at large. 
Before we discuss the company's performance during the quarter, I would like to 
share a quick update on the proposed merger process. As you would recall the 
definitive agreements were inked between the two companies that is Zee 
Entertainment Enterprises Limited and Sony Pictures Networks India on 22 nd 
Page 2 of 22 

• 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
December, 2021. The teams have been working independently and are progressing 
steadily towards seeking the necessary approvals as mandated by law. We have filed 
a scheme of arrangements between the two entities along with the key document 
with Bombay stock exchange and national stock exchange in January 2022. We are 
currently awaiting approval from the stock exchanges. In addition, we also made a 
pre-filing with the Competition Commission of India in February, 2022. Basis the 
guidance received on our pre-filing we have made a formal filing with the eel for the 
proposed merger in April 2022. In line with prescribed process for the scheme of 
arrangements, we expect to submit the application to NCLT after receiving the 
necessary approvals from the stock exchanges. Following which NCLT will call for the 
shareholder meeting to approve the scheme in due course. 
Coming back to our discussion on the company's performance in the last quarter; let 
me quickly share a brief overview of how the quarter shaped up for us and the 
industry overall, post which our CFO Rohit Gupta will take you through the financial 
and operational performance of the company in a granular manner. 
From the time the cases have waned, the economy has been seeing spurts of green 
shoots as a result of improved business activity across the Nation. In Q4, the biggest 
comeback from the media & entertainment sector has been the movies business, 
spurred by the complete reopening of cinemas across the country in the latter part 
of the quarter. At lEE as well, our studios business performed phenomenally wel l 
during the quarter, with films across languages including The Kashmir Files and 
Val imai, garnering an extremely positive reception at the box office. In fact, The 
Kashmir Files went on to gross over Rs. 200+ crores at the box office, making it one 
of the few films to achieve this feat post the impact from the pandemic. As we have 
discussed in our earlier calls, Zee Studios and the movies business is a very strategic 
part of our portfolio, and it plays a very synergistic and compl imentary role in the 
success of our linear and digital businesses. As we step into Ql FY23, some of the 
finest movie titles wi ll be streamed on lEES. 
Similarly, a less often talked about, but equally important part of our portfolio is ZEE's 
music business which has steadily built scale and leadership. Zee Music consistently 
has maintained a leadership position in new Hindi movies acquisition and is also 
poised for stellar growth ahead as a result of the rise in video views from platforms 
like YouTube and Facebook. lee Music's YouTube subscriptions stand at around 83 
million, resulting from a new age catalogue that enjoys very high consumption on 
Page 3 of 22 

• 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26,2022 
these platforms. The label has been adding 1500 to 2000 songs annually and coupled 
with the strengths drawn from our other businesses, Zee Music has a competitive 
advantage. The music industry has been on an upswing globally on the back of 
increased digital revenues which are predictable recurring revenue streams. We are 
well placed to capture a large part of this value creation opportunity in India. 
Switching gears to our linear and digital businesses; advertising revenues remained 
overshadowed due to several factors that continue to stress the FMCG segment, 
which is the largest category on TV in terms of ad spends. The sharp rise in inflation 
coupled with a higher input cost for this segment impacted the marketing spends 
which in turn had a cascading effect on the sector. Moreover, the ancillary effects 
from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the larger economic 
factors around the same, will continue to impact advertising revenues in the near 
term. That said, we are hopeful of advertising revenues returning to positive growth 
levels in FY23. 
On the linear side, we continue to focus our energies on sharpening our content 
offerings to reflect the changing consumer preferences, and significant efforts have 
already been directed towa rds the key markets including Hindi, Marathi and Tamil. 
We have strong teams in place for each market, that have been deriving unique 
solutions to address the concerns and I remain confident in their ability to help regain 
our share in each of these markets very soon. The embargo in pricing continued to 
impact the linear subscription revenues, and as a proactive measure to propel the pay 
TV ecosystem, we have withdrawn our Hindi GECs from Freedish. While th is may lead 
to some short-term impact, we do see it as an accretive step in the long term. 
Significant growth from ZEES continued to drive the subscription revenues from the 
digital side. We have been witnessing positive growth in operating and financia l 
metrics consequentially, and we are happy to see our investments to enhance the 
content and the overall user experience, payoff in this direction. The conversions and 
engagement rate display the robust growth of the platform, and we aim to keep 
building on this positive momentum. 
Overall, the media & entertainment sector has immense potential to display stronger 
growth in the year ahead. Companies will be focusing their investments more on a 
seamless blend between content and technology, to serve consumers effectively 
across all platforms. Furthermore, with the subsiding fear of the pandemic, we expect 
minimal business disruption quarter on quarter. As a result, business and consumer 
Page 4 of 22 

• 
Rohit Gupta: 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26,2022 
spending should revive completely. Amidst this, our aim will always be to steadily 
grow in the industry across all aspects and we will be investing significantly to support 
that aspiration. 
On that note, I would now like to hand over the call to Rahit, to take you through the 
finer aspects of the Company's performance during the quarter and provide some 
colour on FY23. I look forward to engaging with you during the Q&A session later. 
Over to you Rohit. Thank you. 
Thank you Punit. 
Welcome everyone on our Q4 earnings call. I will take this opportunity to provide 
more color on our financial performance for the quarter and full year. 
FY22 was overall a healthy year for Zee Entertainment marked by recovery across all 
key segments. We have continued to invest in the enhancement of our capabilities 
across content, digital and technology to better serve and delight our customers. 
We continue to be India's strong #2 TV entertainment network. The viewership share 
for the quarter declined marginally by 20 bps to 17.1%. During the quarter we 
launched 20+ new shows and for full-year 90+ shows. We saw share gain in lee TV, 
lee Telegu, lee Sarthak as well as our new forays with Punjabi, Bhojpuri and Marathi 
movies. We are sharpening our content strategy in order to further improve our 
network share in Hindi, Marathi and Tam il GEe markets with a series of launches 
planned in FY23. 
lEES strategy outlined in previous quarter is well on track and we have started seeing 
robust growth in operating as well as financial metrics. MAUs and DAUs as on March 
stands at 104.8 million and 10.5 million respectively with watch time of 214 minutes. 
This is 80 minutes more than last year and around 13 minutes more than last quarter. 
Further MAUs has also grown by 44% year-on-year. Th is strongly affirms our 
investments in content and technology which will further strengthen the business. 
During the quarter we released 64 shows and movies including 13 originals. Over the 
last 12 months despite the COVID wave affecting production ZEES has released 45+ 
originals. For FY22 ZEES has clocked the revenue growth of 31% year-on-year, 
reflecting healthy production and adoption. 
Page 5 of 22 

• 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26,2022 
Now specifically coming to the financial performance; total revenue for the year grew 
14.1% year-an-year to Rs. 81.9 billion. Quarter 4 revenue grew 18.2% year-an-year to 
Rs. 23.2 billion. The full-year growth is largely driven from higher ad sales and 
theatrical business. 
Ad revenue for the year grew by 17.3% in a year-an-year to Rs. 43.9 billion, Q4 
revenue remained flat year-an-year at Rs. 11.2 billion on back of soft performance in 
key markets. 
Subscription revenue for the year remained flat year-an-year at Rs. 32.5 billion . Q4 
subscriptions grew by 6.4% year-an-year on the back of double-digit growth in ZEES. 
As we have discussed in the past earnings call, embargo on channel pricing due to 
NTO 2.0, legal challenges continue to impact subscription revenue growth. In the last 
couple of years, we have also witnessed TV penetration growth being primarily driven 
by free ~to~a ir services due to pandemic situation. That trend has also been a 
headwind. That's the reason for the de~growth we have seen in the linear subscription 
revenues. 
Zee Music company saw 57% year~on-year growth in video views highlighting 
strength of Zee Music catalog and library. YouTube's subscriber base of Zee Music 
increased to 83 million from 73 million in the last 12 months. Zee Music continues to 
be #2 music channel. 
Coming to the movie business; we saw encouraging response from movie releases, 
especially Kashmir Files released in last quarter was a blockbuster success. This movie 
itself clocked a record sale of over 1.25 crores tickets. During the year Zee Studios 
released 22 movies, 10 in Hindi and 12 in regional. In the quarter to come we have 
strong pipeline of movies under different stages of production. 
Talking of our music and movie business; we are excited with how these two 
businesses have scaled and now are very meaningful part of our portfolio. As we have 
discussed in past, we realize significant synergies in both cost and revenue due to our 
presence across markets and platforms. Content created for market or a platform 
travel to another increasing its economic value and not only align us to manage the 
content creation and acqu isitions cost better but also enabling cross platform 
marketing. With our continuous focus on investment in technology platform content 
in digital and linear business, coupled with increased marketing costs on account of 
new launches. The full year EBITDA margin is at 21% lower by 280 bps vear~on~vear. 
Page 6 of 22 

• 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
lEES EBITDA losses for a full year stands at Rs. 7.5 billion and for Quarter 4 FY22 
EBITDA losses were at Rs. 1.9 billion. 
The exceptional expenses incurred during the quarter are related to three key items. 
There is a one-time bonus as part of talent retention plan payable in two tranches to 
the extent of Rs. 733 million, legal expenses of Rs. 73 million in connection with the 
proposed scheme of arrangement. Towards DSRA liabilities we have estimated and 
accounted additional amount of Rs. 196 million in Quarter 4 and the corresponding 
amount for the full year is 527 million. 
Also quickly touching upon the receivables from Dish and SitL As you will recall we 
had agreed a payment plan with Dish and we've continued to collect as per that 
schedule. The overall outstanding now is considerably lower and we have been 
receiving current collection along with receiving the part of the old outstanding. This 
outstanding has substantially reduced from Rs. 5.8 billion as on March '20 to Rs. 2.4 
billion in March '22. On Siti as we had mentioned earlier, we have been recognizing 
revenues to the extent of collection on a conservative basis. During quarter under 
review that is 04, amounts aggregating to Rs. 189 million on a net basis is delayed in 
receipt and hence not accounted for due to pending legal proceedings. We are 
confident of resolving this matter soon. 
Profit after tax for the grew by 31.7% year-on-year to Rs. 9.6 billion. For the quarter 
PAT came in at Rs. 1.8 billion. 
The cash and treasury investments of the company as of March '22 stood at 13.1 
billion. The cash in treasury investment include bank balance of Rs. 8.2 billion, fixed 
deposit of Rs. 4.5 billion and NCD is worth Rs. 337 million. During FY22 we also 
redeemed final tranche of preference shares. 
As we step in FY23, we are very excited about growth opportunities ahead of us. 
Media and entertainment industry in India is still in its relatively infancy and is on the 
cusp of a strong phase of long-term structural growth that by rising consumer 
demand and improving macro enablers such as digital reach and content accessibility. 
At Zee we are driving our business to capture a significant share of this growth. We 
will continue to invest aggressively in FY23 to support our growth ambitions. Our 
successes so far have given us confidence to be front footed in our investment 
approach to improve our longer-term relevance and as we scale our investment, we 
Page 7 of 22 

• 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
will continue to be very focused on driving returns from these investments with fiscal 
prudence which has been a DNA of Zee. 
With that backdrop we expect FY23 to be a year of investment. This will also be a year 
where we need to navigate near-term headwinds like inflation that Punit alluded to. 
We will do our best to balance near term financia l profile of the business while making 
room for longer term investments. Overall while we do expect our margins to be 
healthy a meaningful recovery from current levels will be more gradual due to 
combination of these factors. Having said that this does not reset our medium-term 
margin aspiration or reach that we have spoken about in the past. It just brings 
forward a lot of investment driven by a desire to build for future and hence pushes 
our margin recovery a bit far. 
let me ta lk about some key themes we are navigating in FY23 to provide you better 
frame to contextualize our FY23 outlook. These themes pertain to investments, 
largely aligned to turbocharge our digital/OTP ambitions and some of the headwinds 
we will navigate through FY23 while making these investments. 
Number one, Zee has always prided itself on its content DNA and we will aggressively 
invest in content to create a differentiated value proposition, particularly in digital 
on space. We are increasing our investments with a focus on regional content and 
scaling up our partnership with global studios, independent creators and premium 
content production houses across regions. Additionally, we will continue to launch 
new TV shows across markets to drive share gain in our broadcasting business. As we 
bring more original content and shows, we will also step up aggressively on marketing 
to augment our content expansion with brand marketing and broader reach. 
Second area of investment is going to be technology and product, with a sharp focus 
on delivering world¥class entertainment we have endeavored to constantly upgrade 
our product and technology capabilities to deliver unmatched experiences to our 
consumers globally. We believe there is an opportunity to personalize content and 
delivery thereby increasing our reach across platforms. To support that ambition, we 
are making investments through towards broadening and accelerating our digital 
platform roadmaps and driving superior consumer engagement. 
As Punit mentioned we have also consciously rationalized our presence on free-to-air 
segment to shape and grow our Pay ecosystem and it will have a near term impact on 
Page 8 of 22 

Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Moderator: 
Vivek Subbaraman: 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26,2012 
our ad revenues. We believe this will be a more transitionary impact and we will 
eventually be able to recover this as intended benefits accrue on pay side of the 
business. 
Lastly as all of you would be tracking India's annual retail inflation has inched up 
towards an 8 year high in April at 7,79% and elevated inflation scenario does create 
headwinds for us on both revenue and cost front. It causes moderation in ad spend 
by brands to counter increased costs putting pressure on our ad revenues, We are 
beginning to see some early signs of that in this quarter. Elevated inflation also 
impacts our cost adversely across programming, wages, etc. These two inflation 
induced headwinds on revenue and costs will impact profitability in the near term. 
In FY23 from a -quarter-an-quarter progression perspective we expect the margin 
profile to improve as we progress through the year. Q1 will have most immediate 
impact of inflationary dynamics, free-to-air drop, accelerated investments and some 
of the seasonal costs it takes like wages increment etc. As revenue scale-up in 
subsequent quarters we will expect margins to start inching up in the later part of the 
year: We are not providing a precise margin guidance at this stage given there are 
many factors in play and impact of some of those macroeconomic ones is difficult to 
forecast. I will add here that our confidence in medium term margin outlook is strong, 
and we will provide a more specific update when there is more stability in the 
operating environment. 
Back to you Mahesh. 
Thank you Rohit. We will now proceed to the questions and answer session. lid 
request the moderator to open the Q&A queue and take the discussion forward. Over 
to you Margaret. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vivek Subbaraman from Ambit Capital. 
I have a couple of questions. First one is on the IPL rights tender. There were media 
reports that highlighted that the rights are being split and of course the bidding is on 
12th of June. I have a couple of questions in connection to this/ one is since the bidding 
is happening now at a time when we havenlt yet received the $1.5 billion capital 
injection} does the current balance sheet allow us to bid for IPL at all in the first place? 
That's the first question. The second one is related to IPL. The second one is, the rights 
Page 9 of 22 

• 
Pun it Goenka: 
Vivek Subbaraman: 
Punit Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Q4fV22 Earnings Cail Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
are also being split as per media reports. Any comments on that because there are 
multiple variants of rights that are being talked about in the media Iike]V only, TV 
plus digital rights for the league matches and so on that's question one. The second 
question really is on the competitive landscape. We are seeing that there are 
pressures on the TV viewership share! your investments seem to be increasing and 
you are now seeing that the spending that you will do on the general content and 
new launches in ZEES that will intensify. But there is also more competition coming 
in the form of the Bodhi tree, RIL investment in Viacom. What are your thoughts on 
the operating landscape and the capital needs in this business? 
Your first question on our ability to participate in the IPL tender, on our own, fully we 
can participate on our own. We have a very healthy balance sheet with zero debt and 
certainly, we have the qualifications to participate in the tender. In terms of your 
second question on the 'deal is being split by genres or by platforms. Yes, you're right. 
That's what the speculation is, but it doesn't preclude us from bidding for either part 
or all. We are evaluating our options as to what is the best strategy for the company 
going forward. You will hear about that shortly after the bidding is over. On the 
competition landscape, Vivek this sector has been always heavily competitive. It's not 
something new that we are witnessing. I think Zee has the capability to compete with 
both deep-pocketed as well as international brands. We have demonstrated that 
several times over in the past. I don't believe that this time there'll be anything 
lagging, Also keep in mind that when more content is created more consumption 
happens and therefore ':lore monetization. So, we welcome competition. It's always 
keeps us on our toes and makes us do better. 
That was good. Just one follow up, you say that even now you have room in your 
balance sheet for bidd ing and participating in the I PL rights, does this mean that there 
could be a temporary situation where we might even look to get debt in order to bid 
for or in order to take on the IPL rights or is that completely ruled out? 
Vivek, as I said we are studying all our options right now, It's very premature for me 
to comment on how we'll fund it and all those things. You should know that we don't 
have to pay any money or not a large sum of money upfront. It's only when the rights 
start you have to pay for them, until then are only instruments like bank guarantee 
etc. 
The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICiCI Securities. 
Page 10 of 22 

• 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Puni! Goenka: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Q4FY22 Earn;ngs Call Transcr;pt 
May 26, 2022 
Few from my side, first on the ad revenue side. Rohit did mention in his opening 
remarks that we are looking at a positive fY23 despite all the inflationary situation 
and despite that we have removed the channels from FTA, so one, What gives us this 
confidence in such a difficult situation? Number two, why there is a flip-flop on the 
on the decision of going onto FTA or not going on to FTA? This is a second time we 
are coming out of it. It will be really helpful if we can provide what's our strategy on 
fTA on a steady state basis. That's on the ad. On the subscription side, the growth 
looks quite subdued considering that it also has the revenue coming from ZEES as 
well as the music business, which if I adjust, it looks like the subscription revenue has 
declining. Is cord cutting started to hurt us in the absence of the ability to take price 
hike or the embargo on the price? These are the two. On the investment side, Rohit 
did elaborate on all the avenues we are looking to invest. It will be also really helpful 
if you can provide what is the quantum of money, we are looking to invest on the 
. 
linear, non~linear movie, music all those fronts as well as technology? So, these are 
the initial questions. 
On the advertising side, it's still early days to say what is going to look like for the 
industry overall. But we do expect that it will better than the last year. There will be 
growth, how much it's going to be, we are going to probably give you a better color 
after Ql passes. We are also working on that with the advertisers and the agencies to 
predict what's going to happen in that whole year to come. On the FTA side, it's not 
a flip-flop strategy Sanjesh because what we did was a strategic call when we exited 
the first time. But due to the pandemic and due to the degrowth we were seeing in 
the Pay ecosystem during the pandemic, we looked at as a short-term opportunity to 
re-enter and try and make up for the loss that was being seen on the advertising front 
and therefore that was the strategy. And this time again, we were very clear well in 
advance from the bidding that we will be exiting because we need to arrest the 
decline of the linear Pay TV ecosystem. And to your last point, yes, you're absolutely 
right. There is a decline in the linear subscription income. What's the reasons I just 
told you and this is not just our attempt but the industry's attempt to now start 
working on creating a healthy Pay ecosystem on the linear side back. On the 
investments I'll pass it on to Rohit. I'll just have one comment that certainly we will 
not let our margins deteriorate further. It'll only be stable or improving. 
Thanks Punit. Sanjesh, so we have already stepped up our investments in FY22. The 
point I made in my opening remarks is that these investments will continue in content 
technology and on the key markets that we have outlined Hindi, Tamil and Marathi. 
Page 11 of 22 

Sanjesh Jain: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Punit Goenka: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Punit Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Jay Doshi: 
Q4fY22 Earnillgs Call Transcript 
May 26,2022 
These investments both in content will continue, we'll also in marketing will continue 
but like Punit mentioned, we will not let our margins deteriorate for FY23. 
What will be the investment on movies and music put together? 
We already said we are scaling up and we have a reasonable, good slate planned for 
FY23. We expect that now that the cinemas have reopened, we see that this will go 
on. We expect that we will do more than 20-25 movies in this year as well. 
The number on the movie side is already issued in the presentation that would have 
beensent to all of you. 
Just one last bookkeeping question, In this quarter what was the movie revenue and 
the cost which has been recognized in the P&L? 
In Q4FY 22 we had movies like Kashmir Files and few other movies which got released. 
But the way we recognize revenue is itls part of Zee only. I mean there is no separate 
disclosure that we have for our movies business because like these movies will also 
get monetized not only in theatrical but also in digital on the OTT side and on the 
satellite. We have now Kashmir Files already coming on ZEES as well and we are 
seeing good traction there. They are part of the overall EBITDA number that I have 
already given to you. And whatever monetization that we see in Quarter 1 that will 
be reflected in Quarter 1 results. 
Just wanted to understand that movies positively added in this quarter, purely I know 
there is a future value still left in the movie, but was there a negative contribution or 
a positive contribution from these movies to the EBITDA for Q4? 
There is a positive contribution to the EBITDA. 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kodak Securities. 
11m sorry if this was addressed in the opening remarks. My question is around merger 
timeline, back in December~January we were expecting exchange approvals in 2 to 3 
months and it's almost 5 months but approvals are still awaited. So, what's essentially 
delaying the approval from exchanges which should not and does this mean that the 
original timeline of 8 to 9 months is at risk now and should one be expecting more 
like 12 months from the day of announcement? 
Page 12 of 22 

Punit Goenka: 
Moderator: 
5achin 5algaonkar: 
Pun it Goenka: 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Punit Goenka: 
5achin 5algaonkar: 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
Mal' 26, 2022 
Firstly, very difficult for me to comment on what's the reason for the delays. I think 
the stock exchanges don't give us that answer very easily. But my speculation is that 
because this is a very large merger there has been significant amount of queries that 
we have been answering to the stock exchanges. As of two weeks back or 10 days 
back we have satisfied all of their query and nothing further has come to us. We are 
hoping that the process should be smoothly done now. I'm still positively inclined 
towards the 8 to 9 months timeline that we had talked about at that point in time. 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. 
I have three questions. First question, can Punit give a little bit more color on ad 
spends in the quarter? I mean between the key spenders like FMCG, auto, internet, 
BFSI who are the guys who ,spent, who are the guys who curtailed in a meaningful 
manner? 
There is no significant change in this thing ad spending quantum 5achin. FMCG still 
continues to be the highest spender on television in the category, followed by all the 
others that you named will be in the range of 7% to 8% each whereas FMCG will be 
more in the 53%-54% range. That remains pretty much stable as of now. Of cburse, 
we've seen a lot of advertising coming from the new age businesses on the digital 
platforms which generally is low on television but we are starting to see that coming 
on the digital platforms. Though small still but the advertiser list is expanding as we 
speak. 
We Punit are already 2 months into the next quarter and any color in terms of how 
things are moving in terms of, is basically the mix is same and are we seeing some 
massive curtailment across the board? 
There have been cuts across the board and especially in the FMCG sector. But I can 
tell you this much that we are tracking the industry numbers and we are pretty much 
in line with them or ahead of them. 
Got it. Second question wanted to understand your thoughts on ZEES losses. We've 
seen some good revenue growth but your losses continued to remain high. We are 
already seeing companies like Netflix curtailing their aggression and spending. Rohit 
did talk about aggressive investing by you guys in content. JUst wanted to understand 
how should one look at the ZEES losses going ahead? 
Page 13 of22 

Punit Goenka: 
5achin 5algaonkar: 
Punit Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
2022 
So, as I had said earlier also, this is the peak year for losses for ZEES. This is going to 
be the peak investment year. You will see losses go up but after that as revenue 
scales, you will see losses coming down. We do believe that there is 5tililot of room 
left in India for this business and for the Indian diaspora across the world for this 
business. So, there's a huge room for growth. Therefore, I donlt feel the need that we 
need to start cutting our investments so early in the day 
Lastly on the Zee-Sony merger, any risks you see right now for the merger not going 
through? 
No, I donlt see any risk, 
The next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Two questions, first on ZEE5, with the 750 crores EBITDA loss and 550 odd crores 
revenues for the full year FY22, can you help us on breakup of the revenue how much 
is coming from advertisement how much from subscription? And similarly, almost 
1300 crores of costs, so broad breakup between the core content and the other 
overheads. 
This is highly sensitive information Ankur. We can't share that granular detail so early 
right now. But let me share with you that the revenue is largely subscription led 
currently, not so much advertising led. On the cost front, we have three large buckets 
of cost which is content, marketing and technology. These are the three things that 
make up the lion's share of the cost. 
Will it be fair to say content will be probably 70%+ here, if you can give or maybe +/-
5% is okay? 
No, J can't give you that number but rest assured that that content is the biggest cost. 
Yes. Where I was coming from was, if J look at the subscription revenues, we are 
largely flattish and Zee Music would have contributed here and obviously ZEES would 
have also contributed here. The cut in subscription is largely led by the loss of 
subscribers here and given an embargo there probably this trend will continue going 
ahead. Will that be a fair assumption? 
Actually, we have early signs to see that the cord cutting has actually slowed down 
after the GEC channels have come out of the free dish platform and I'm quite hopeful 
Page 14 of 22 

Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
Q4fY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
Mall ::!6, 2022 
that the resurgence in the pay ecosystem will return once quality content starts to go 
away from the free dish platform. But you ar~ right that so far, the decline has been 
because we have been losing subscribers. The good thing is we are not losing 
subscribers to digital; we are losing subscribers from pay linear to free linear. 
Second part here, on your commentary that FY23 EBITDA margins or let's say FY22 
EBITDA will be bottoming out here and the margins should improve. Unable to 
understand the math here because on the revenue side first half will be slightly soft. 
There will be some impact of FTA. Subscription revenue doesn't look like it's growing 
significantly. At the same time, your commentary on content investment remains 
pretty strong. Am I missing something here or is it only the movies business which 
will be driving the incremental contribution? 
Ankur, I'm an optimist. While the movies business will drive part of our growth, you 
know that there is a consultation paper out by TRAI on the NTO. We are looking at 
that, that needs to be answered by 30'h of May. I understand that there could be 
some lift on the embargo that was put on the NTO and therefore that will also start 
to translate. We are going to try and make back some of the free-to-air lass,es on our 
pay ecosystem since our market share gains. It's a combination of multiple things that 
make me bullish and that's what we will be targeting. 
lastly if I may, on the content investment side. Sal we have orr wherein obviously 
we have pretty strong outlook there in terms of content investment. TV again market 
share stabilizing at 17% but as you mentioned Hindi-Tamil etc. languages Marathi, 
you'll be investing there. Movies again we are investing and then IPL is also there 
where we are looking to maybe bid over there as well. How do you prioritize your 
capital investments here in terms of content? 
I think, the way you are reading it is that what we are investing in linear today will be 
significantly increasing that, that's not how to look at it. The overall increase in the 
linear business investment will be inflationary in nature. It's not that suddenly if I'm 
producing 500 hours of content last year, I'm going to up that to 1,000 hours of 
content every week in the coming years. It's not like that is going to double. Our 
investments in the digital business are already paying us returns while yes, we will be 
losing money there. The film business, it's a fast rotation working capital business. As 
you put in the money films release, that also releases a lot of the capital. It's not 
suddenly capital going and getting stuck for a long period of time. IPl certainly is the 
big kicker there and we are evaluating what our options are with the right strategies 
Page 15 of 22 

Ankur Periwal: 
Punit Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Jlnesh Joshi: 
Punit Goenka: 
Call 
2022 
there. Just to clarify when we say investment does not necessarily mean we are going 
to erode margins. 
No, actually where I was coming from was! our working capita! has been elevated 
because of these content investments over the last few years. And it doesn't look like 
it's going to go down in a hurry. So, which is where I was just seeking your views in 
terms of how are we looking at? 
On the content side, especially on the film side, please look at it from this perspective 
that while on linear business we are having the amortization over so many decades 
that in the digital bu-siness is not even started so far. Therefore, we are not completed 
the first 5-year cycle. That's why every inventory just keeps getting added until and 
unless the first 5~year cycle is completed. Thirdly, on the movies business, it has 
elevated because of the pandemic. As soon as the theaters have opened up, we have 
started releasing the movies and that inventory will start getting freed up from being 
in our working capital and start rotating much faster. I do not see that having too 
much impact but except for digital which will continue to keep going up. 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
I have a question on our movie acquisition strategy on the digital side. For instance, 
we have RRR on ZEES now and given that this would have been high priced asset for 
us; how do we analyze the success and failure of such decisions? Basically, what I 
want to know is that what kind of metrics do we use to calculate ROI of such assets 
and then internally decide that yes, this has clicked for us or not. So that's the broad 
question? 
The three metrics we evaluate this one. One is that how many new subscribers did 
this piece of content get us, who were not paying for my subscription and have come 
out to our platform and watch this as a first piece of content because that is our 
metric to determine, this is the trigger for them to buy the subscription. Second 
trigger for this thing is of my total subscriber base, how many people c"onsume that 
content which means that acts as a retention tool for me and third is how many 
people actually completed the content because it has engaging enough or not, did I 
make the right purchase, did people come in watch for 15 minutes and leave or did 
they complete the movie? And that we track over a 7-day period, 14-day period, 21-
day period. There are various metrics we track it on. 
Page 16 of 22 

Jinesh Joshi: 
Pun it Goenka: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Punit Goenk.: 
Moderator: 
Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Q4fY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
Secondly if I recollect in the opening remarks, it was mentioned that we launched 
about 90+ new shows in the entire year. But if I look at our viewership share it has 
been on a constant decline over the last three quarters. So, your comments on the 
acceptance of our content, that is one. Secondly also it was mentioned that because 
of FTA headwinds au r subscription revenue is under pressure. If you can just highlight, 
I mean during COVID times how many households shifted from pay to FTA and given 
that we are now out of COVID, are we seeing those subscribers coming back to the 
pay genre? 
On the second part, it's still early days because we went off the air only on pt of April. 
There will be some lag to see whether those subscribers come back. As I mentioned 
the uptake of the free DTH has slowed down since the four networks have come out 
of free dish. Thafs a positive sign for us. On the first question .. ? 
Was on the network share. 
The network share when we talk about 90 shows were launched, this doesn't mean 
90 new shows. They were replacing some other shows here and we have a metric 
here also as to what was the earlier show doing and what has the new show achieved 
in terms of slot ratings etc. I can tell you that 43 of the 90 shows were successes, 
about 20 odd were moderate successes and yes, 20 odd failed. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I have to leave for a flight but Rohit and my team is here to 
take any further questions. Thank you very much. All the best. 
The next question is from the line of Karan Taurani from Elara Capital. 
My first question is basically on ZEES. One good thing is that the investment into the 
tech cost which has led to a better UI but any kind of change in the content strategy 
there because you are making close to 70-80 shows every year but do you have any 
plans to kind of make fourto five marquee shows we can have a good franchise value 
and a good recall value and probably be very high in terms of budget as well. So, any 
plans of regional content size for ZEES? 
Yes, Karan so you're right. We have been investing in content and technology in ZEES 
and even in content we have a content strategy where we are looking at user 
preferences. We are looking at what kind of shows are doing well. We also looking at 
apart from Hindi investments in regional shows. There are definitely some very 
Page 17 of 22 

• 
Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Q4fY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
marquee content that we plan to bring out in FY23 not only in Hindi but also in 
regional and I must say that some of our regional shows in past quarter have done 
well and that has given us the confidence to invest in the regional shows as well. We 
do have a good slate coming in FY23 for ZEE5. 
These would be very large marquee shows on the likes of global platforms which are 
very high in terms of cost, right? 
We have a good mix. Some of them will be Category A shows and then we will have 
obviously Category B and Category C shows as well. 
My second question is again pertaining to the movie business. So, Zee Studios you 
painted out last time around that you've been making close to 20-25 films every year. 
Any indication you can give in terms ofthe split, in terms of the number offilms, how 
many of them would be a large budget or a medium small budget kind offilm? 
I mean theatrical is a significant source of revenue for us and·for the Studio business 
and as cinemas are opening, we are certainly a good for this sector overall. Like I said 
we will do about 25+ and out of that maybe about six to eight will be large and the 
balance will be mid to small movies. 
Donlt you think there could be a possibility of change in mix there as well because lot 
of these small-medium budget kind of films aren't doing well on Box Office, on Hindi 
and regiona I both. I think the frequency is going up only for films which are very large-
scale in nature. Any kind of change expected there as well? 
It also depends on the availability and the timeline and so on because I mean it does 
take 6 to 9 months for a film production. Yes, we are evaluating a full portfolio 
approach and like I said we invest because on the flip side if you invest large sums of 
money and they don't do well, then you have to take that loss as well. We have a 
good strategy, portfolio strategy where we are looking at a certain percentage of films 
being on the large side and the balance on the Band C categories and then both in 
Hindi and regional as well. We had movies in Punjabi and movies in Tamil also which 
we have launched. Let me tell you one thing Kashmir Files was not a very large 
investment and it has given us a significant return and like I said it crossed more than 
Rs. 250 crores. Ifs not always that only big budget movies are giving us returns. Even 
small budget movies when they do well give returns as well. 
Page 18 of 22 

Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Karan Taurani: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Cell 
2022 
That would have been more sort of a one-off basis} the foot fall numbers. That's fine. 
But third last question would be on the regional genre front I hear. Specifically, you 
are the leaders as far as regional is concerned in genres like Marathi} you1ve made 
very good inroads in terms ofTamil-Telugu. Right now} what we are seeing is that the 
competitive intensity in regional is growing substantially and players like Star and all 
are doing phenomenally well because of the aggressive content strategy. Firstly, 
anything new that you are attempting there to combat competition from Star and 
secondly players like Sun TV are virtually kind of stable or are losing share in many of 
the genres like you know, Tamil they are stable but yes Telugu and other genres they 
are losing shares in South. Anything you can do there to make up or probably gain 
viewership share over there} in those markets? 
Definitely, we have a large focus on these markets like Tamil and Marathi and as you 
know with our Marathi viewers, we were leaders for about 6 to 7 years and now we 
have obviously lost a leadership there but of course on regaining leadership in 
Marathi remains. Even in Tamil like I already mentioned in my opening remarks; there 
is focus, we are looking at content which is now purposeful for the audience there. 
Definitely we want to regain our market share in both these key markets. Some of the 
other markets like Bangia and Kannada and Oriya we are the leaders there. We have 
been strengthening that as well. 
The question was basically more to do in terms of content because what happens in 
these Southern markets is that, there is still lot of big amount of demand for the 
reality shows and the marquee kind of shows. Again, are you trying to get into that 
segment because that is the only way you can combat to the likes of Star Vijay? 
No, definitely. I mean we are looking at our content as well and last year if you 
remember we had launched Survivor which was a reality show in Tamil. That was one 
of the first ones that was launched by Zee. So similarly, like I said we are making many 
such content changes as are required. 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Kirve from B & K Securities. 
If I look at your admin cost was getting structured on the other expenses. That tends 
to be quite volatile on quarterly basis and this quarter it was quite low, almost similar 
to the pre-COVID quarters. Any sense for what was balance savings during the quarter 
and any sort of a ballpark gUidance or indication regarding what should be this figure 
on annualized basis? 
Page 19 of 22 

Rohit Gupta: 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yogesh I(irve: 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Moderator: 
Arun Prakash: 
Call 
I think see more or less the admin cost has remained stable. Last year due to 
pandemic we had obviously made changes. But I think this year, this quarter 
specifically there is a CSR provision that we have made which is part of the admin 
cost. That's why probably there's a phasing that you can see. 
My question here is that most probably non-COVID quarters, the cost used to be Rs. 
170 to 200 crores and this quarter is Rs. 146 crares. My question is more on why it 
was so low during this quarter? 
This quarter we had some reversals so there were some provisions for doubtful debts 
which were made in earlier quarters and because we have collected those money, 
those reversals have been accounted for and therefore you see them accounted in 
the admin line. That's why you see the lumpiness in this quarter. 
Any sense regarding the quantum of the amount? 
We're not specifying or commenting on that Yogesh. 
Second question is related to ZEES, obviously there was a bit of a discussion related 
to the losses but just wanted to understand how important are the subscriber 
acquisition costs or the marketing and promotion cost? I understand lot of the costs 
and the losses will be related to the content investment of specifically related to 
acquisition cost and promotional are though also significant sources of losses at this 
point? 
I think a lot of our investments like Rohit alluded is content marketing and technology. 
Within marketing a lot of investment is actually around promoting specific shows and 
so on. There's not a whole lot which we invest in customer acquisition and installs 
and so on. A lot of marketing which we alluded to is to be focused around brand and 
promoting the shows. 
The next question is from the line of Arun Prakash from Spark Capital. 
On the FTA withdrawal so given that the spends from the FMCG category is also lower 
and now that we are also withdrew from this category and unlikely in the short term 
that the subscription revenue is going to make up·for the loss in the ad revenue from 
the segment. Is it fair to say that we will be growing lower than the industry? 
Page 20 of 22 

• 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Arun Prakash: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Arun Prakash: 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Rohit Gupta: 
Q4FY22 Earl'li"gs Call Transcript 
May 26, 2022 
The FTA withdrawal has just not been isolated situation to us. Four other leading GECs 
have channels, have also done the same things. I think this is not specific or isolated 
case to us. 
Let me add here, as we had mentioned earlier in the call, we are tracking how the 
industry ad revenues are and this quarter as well, we will either be In line with 
industry or do better than industry average as far as ad revenues are concerned. 
But the pOint is, what I am trying to understand is this probably the FTA revenue is 
the margin'ai cost of this revenue is probably very low. Does it mean that the margins 
will be significantly lower than the '22 numbers? 
I already mentioned that. So right now, therels no specific guidance on any margins 
as such but you1re right. I mean we have taken a strategic decision to pull away from 
the Hindi GEe from free-to-air category and so there will be an impact which will be 
there. But again, we will see. We are looking at these headwinds, we would see how 
much the impact is. Over the full year, we expect that our margins will not deteriorate 
than what we have now. 
Only one additional question on the ZEES cost, on the reported cost, how much of 
that is direct cost and how much is the allocated cost? If you can give some kind of a 
breakup to that number? 
We not providing details breakup at this stage like Punit alluded given the sensitivity 
and' confidentiality. It suffices to say that a large part of that cost is actually direct. 
We will take one question from the line of Aditya Chandrasekar from UBS. 
Of your 105 odd million MAUs how much would be direct subscribers versus 
subscribers through Telco deal, any rough percentage? 
So, these basically are all total subscribers and we don't actually quite frankly we don't 
give a split between B2B and B2C but whatev.er growth we are seeing is happening 
primarily in our B2C segment. 
These are direct subscribers coming into the platform and not through basically Telco 
kind of plans? 
like I said, the increase is happening more in the direct subscribers. 
Page 21 of 22 

Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Moderator: 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Moderator: 
Q4fY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
Mal' 26, 21122 
Our base has both of those customer segments you alluded to but our growth is 
largely being driven by subscribers who are coming directly to the platform. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question fortoday. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Singh for closing comments. 
Thanks Margaret. Thank you everyone for your interest. We hope all your questions 
were answered. Should you have any more queries, please feel free to reach out to 
us. Thank you again for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you 
again next quarter. I will hand it over back to you Margaret to close the call. 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited that concludes this 
conference, Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription or contextual errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure contextual accuracy and correct any 
grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred inadvertently while 
speaking 
Page 22 of 22 
