0 
. .J\ c£RT/~i0 
;..'<F 
-Y,A 
!:: 
0 
\~~y) 
ISO 9001 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED 
ISO 14001 ; ISO 45001 ; 
ISO 50001 
Plot No. 2-B, Sector -126, NOIDA-201304, Dist!. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, Tel. : +91 120 6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax : +91 120 3090111, 3090211 E-mail : iglho@indiaglycols.com, Website : www.indiaglycols.com 
3rd June, 2022 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500201 
Dear Sirs, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q4 and FY22 
Results Conference Call 
Further to our letters dated 261h and 301h May, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Results Conference Call for 
Q4 and FY22 held on Monday, 30th May, 2022 is attached. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www .indiaglycols.com. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you, 
truly, 
Fo In ia Glycols Limited 
An urJa 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
~--
-~ 
Encl: A/a 
Corporate Office : 3A, Shakespeare Sarani, Kolkata - 700071, Phone : +91 33 22823585, 22823586 
Works & Registered Office : A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur - 244 713, Dist!. Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Phone: +91 5947 269000 I 269500 Fax: +91 5947 275315, 269535 
GIN : L24111UR1983PLC009097 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited 
Q4 FY 22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
             
                  
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
  MR. RUPARK SARSWAT - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
                                             MR. ANAND SINGHAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
                                             MR. SANJEEV GURWARA - PRESIDENT - MARKETING 
                                             MR. ANKUR JAIN, HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 
  
MODERATOR:               MR. SANJESH JAIN - ICICI SECURITIES 
                                              
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to India Glycols’ Q4 and Full Year 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchstone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
Thanks, Rohal. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining on India Glycols 
Limited Q4 and full year FY ’22 results conference call. 
 
 
We are joined on this call with India Glycols’ Management, represented by Mr. 
Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Anand Singhal, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Sanjeev Gurwara, President - Marketing; Mr. Ankur Jain, Head (Legal) 
and Company Secretary. 
 
 
I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat to initiate the proceeding with his opening 
remarks, post which we will have an opportunity to go into Q &A session. Yes, over 
to you, sir.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Thank you, Sanjesh, and a very good afternoon to everybody. Thank you for joining 
us. And I hope all of you are doing well. And Sanjesh has already introduced, I have 
some of my colleagues here who will also be participating and taking some of 
questions. And I'm happy to take this opportunity to speak to you about our full year 
results. And ever since we started to present to investors, I think around August of 
last year, this is our first call after full year. So you all have the presentation with you, 
I suppose. Let me take a little bit of time giving you highlights for the last year. 
 
 
So if you see for IGL, I would say that there has been a resilient performance in a 
rather challenging year with a gross turnover at INR6,623 crore, up 22%, a net 
turnover of INR3,104 crore, up 3%. The big difference in our case in terms of the net 
turnover and gross turnover, as you know, arises because of the high excise duty on 
ethanol. And the EBITDA at INR298 crore is down 20%, and I’ll explain why. 
 
 
One of the reasons why EBITDA and to some extent, sales are also impacted. As you 
know, the Bio-EOD based business is something that we transferred to the IGL-
Clariant JV on the 30 June, 2021, which means that for nine months of this year, we 
didn't have the numbers for the Bio based EOD business, which have now been taken 
into the joint venture. We've had, given the circumstances, a healthy gross margin of 
about 9.6%, a PAT of INR340 crore. Of course, it has the impact of the formation of 
our transfer of the business to the JV as well. 
 
 
As you can see, significant revenue and margin growth, and I will talk about it a little 
later, particularly in the BSPC or what we call the Bio Based Specialties and 
Performance chemicals business. There was some impact of the shutdown in 2021. 
Of course, it was planned. What has really impacted the business or has been a big 
challenge for us is unprecedented feedstock and energy cost escalations, which as you 
know has impacted many, many manufacturers and particularly us in some ways. 
 
 
If you look at the quarterly results, the gross turnover at INR1,494 crore is down 
18%, net turnover, INR642 crore, down 34%, EBITDA INR84 crore, down 35% and 
margins of 13.4% given how we've been operating. And the reason why these 
comparatives are seeing a drop is primarily because of the transfer of the business to 
the joint venture, which means on a quarter to quarter comparison in the comparative 
earlier quarter, the JV business was with IGL or the Specialty EOD business with 
IGL. And for this year's quarter, it's not with the IGL. I think that's the prime reason 
for the numbers that you see. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
If you look at the results for the continued business, you'll see a gross turnover of 
INR6,601 crore, up 22%, net turnover of INR2,868 crore, up 24%, EBITDA down 
2% at INR277 crore, EBITDA margins of 9.6%, so which is more reflective of the 
business we have right now where we've seen healthy growth in all these segments in 
a rather challenging environment, which is all these segments include BSPC, Potable 
Spirit and a smaller one, which is Ennature Biopharma. And there has been a 
combined effect of increase in feed stock and energy cost, which has put pressure 
operating margins and has also started to impact our ability to get more sales. And 
that is also somewhat seen.  
 
 
And if you look at a quarterly performance for the continued business gross turnover 
of INR149 crore road down 7%, net turnover, INR642 crore, down 15%, EBITDA of 
INR84 crore, down 13% and EBITDA margin of 13%. In the fourth quarter in 
particular, we have seen poor growth, which has been an impact of COVID. While 
India has significantly recovered, but the COVID impact for the world still stays, 
particularly as you would've heard of shutdowns in China, which means our inability 
to sell in China, issues with trade and supply chain, et cetera. The sharp increase in 
feed stock prices product has continued, and I will talk about it a little later. And 
remember that when we look at this, we are looking at a business where the EOD 
business has moved on to the joint venture. 
 
 
Very quickly, taking you through the highlight other than the numbers for the year. 
As you know, we formed the joint venture with Clariant for the Bio- based EOD 
business effective 30th of June. The transition has been completed as planned, and we 
believe that the JV is functioning quite well. 
 
 
One thing that I'm happy to inform you about is the Global ICIS Award for 
Sustainability, which we've got together with our partners Unilever and Lanzatech. 
This is the work that we've been doing on the Carbon Smart products front. These are 
completely unique and new technologies, which are coming up and we are happy that 
IGL was a part of this. 
 
 
I already spoke about the escalation in cost. As we know, we had also raised capexes 
for grain based bio ethanol plants in Gorakhpur and Kashipur. Both the plants are 
nearing completion and they will be commissioned, we expect, in Q2, and we'll keep 
you updated on the same.  
 
 
We've also been working on new value added chemicals. So we have worked with a 
new product development and innovation group working very closely for the last 
eight to nine months to look at new value added chemicals that we will be working 
on. So we've already identified the phase one, and capex for that has already been 
approved. Significant part of what was our R&D setup actually went to the joint 
venture. So the -- we have then taken on ourselves to set up another R&D center, 
which has already got DSIR recognized. And we are sending R&D over there. 
 
 
In the Ennature Biopharma business, we doubled our nicotine capacity from 60 to 
100 tons per month. And we also got our first certificate for EU Pharmacopeia for 
Thiocolchicoside, which will allow us to sell -- provide better access, particularly to 
the European markets. And in terms of broad sectors that we cater to, the biggest one 
of course is Bio-based Specialties at Performance Chemical. I will just take you to the 
segment wise highlight. 
 
 
We believe we've got -- we saw an excellent bounce back in sales, as well as margins 
in Bio-based Specialties and Performance Chemicals. Bio-MEG business for us is 
getting more diversified from primarily being led by one customer. We've managed 
to get several or nearing now, well above 10 to 15 customers in -- at developed 
economy for Bio-MEG. So despite one of our major customers off-take ditto, we've 
been able to maintain our volumes and margins or increase actually in the export 
business. We've seen excellent growth in specialty Green Solvent and Bio-Polymers 
this year. And as I mentioned, it is for the Bio-based Specialties Business, that we've 
also approved an investment proposal, what we call as NSU Phase 1, which is new 
specialty unit phase one. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
I must mention here that when I say new specialty unit, it implies that these are value 
added products other than what have already been transferred to the joint venture. So 
there's a clear segregation and these products are not that we are competing with the 
joint venture, these are new, these are different, and they will be done solely by IGL. 
And as I mentioned, the Grain based and Bio Fuel Ethanol projects are in progress, 
which we expect going forward will help us improve the competitiveness of our 
Specialties and Pharma chemicals as well. 
 
 
In Potable Spirits, we saw overall healthy sales growth for the year. However, 
margins have been significantly impacted due to the sharp escalation in ethanol costs. 
And as it is a rather tedious process to get price in phases in the liquor business, 
which are significantly controlled by the government. It's a long process. However, 
we manage to get some price in phases, and we will also be far more competitive 
once we start using our grain based ethanol manufactured in house. We've maintained 
our leadership position in the branded country liquor segments in UP and 
Uttarakhand. There has been a change in policy in Delhi, the excise policy, and we 
believe that it is something that we should look at, and we are looking at as a growth 
opportunity for our Potable Spirit business. 
 
 
We have also launched two brands in IMFL, making our small but steady steps in the 
IMFL space with the launch of Amazing Vodka and Single Reserva Whiskey. And 
Tejas Gold sweet mango flavor in branded country liquor space, and we are the first 
of its kind. 
 
 
In Ennature Biopharma, we've see moderate growth and margins -- however, margins 
have been under pressure, particularly because of some of the policy changes in some 
of the countries that we were exporting to. The business continues to focus on 
diversification to reduce the dependence on Thiocolchicoside, which has been 
achieved to some extent this year, while maintaining market share for 
Thiocolchicoside. The nicotine capacity, which is nicotine which goes for therapeutic 
uses has been doubled. And I already talked about the CEP certificate. 
 
 
Whilst you may have heard about it from many other people, but it's very important 
to understand the impact of the operating environment that we are in. So there has 
been, as a high degree of uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. The 
COVID impact continuous in global and domestic markets, off late the shutting down 
of China, et cetera, et cetera. Then there is this Russia-Ukraine war, which does 
impact us in many ways, it impacts us because  it impacts the energy cost, it impacts 
us because Ukraine is also a big producer of food grains, and when it impacts food 
grains, it impacts other Bio-based substrates and therefore molasses or grain based 
ethanol and as you probably know there has been very sharp escalation in the 
imported ethanol cost for us. 
 
 
And which comes to my next point, which is about unprecedented increase in input 
costs faced by the industry, faced by our suppliers, faced by our customers. I 
mentioned ethanol, there has been a drastic increase in energy costs in coal. So coal, 
which was something like INR5,500 a ton, it is now averaging out to more than 
INR12,000 a tone, mainly because we have -- having procure coal from the private 
players and because they're not getting the allocated coal from the government. And 
of course, unprecedented increase in freight costs sharply, has impacted as 
competitiveness for the export business be it in the area of bio polymers or green 
solvents and so on. 
 
 
However, having talked about the challenge of this environment, it'll not be fair if I 
don't touch upon some of the positives. And there is obviously, you are aware of 
COP26 and you're aware of what the government of India has been doing. A 
significant trust on sustainability by the government, as an industry, those we believe 
provide significant -- definitely medium to long term opportunity for our business for 
Bio-based product, for green product and for bio fuels as well. Demand for our 
product, we believe as far as the Indian market is concerned, the Indian growth story 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
is intact. And once some of these challenges are sorted out, we would be able to, 
benefit from that as well. 
 
 
Coming to the financial summary, which you would've seen, but I will just request 
my colleague Mr. Anand Singhal to very briefly touch upon the highlights.  
 
Anand Singhal 
So Q4 revenue from operation is INR642 crore against INR752 crore of last year 
corresponding quarter, showing a decrease of 14.6% while the EBITDA for the 
current quarter is INR84 crore against INR97 crore of the last corresponding quarter, 
showing 12.8% negative or lower. Apart from this, I will say PBT, we have got a 
INR32 crore PBT for the current quarter against INR56 crore of the Q4 last year, 
showing 43% lower, while EPS is INR21.7 vis-a-vis INR22.7, showing 5.5% lower. 
If I will say for the year it is revenue from operations for the year 22 is INR2,868 
crore against INR2,317 crore, showing increase of 23.8%. EBITDA is INR277 crore, 
against INR283 crore of the last year, showing 2.3% lower than the last year. PBT 
INR369 crore against a INR120 crore. This includes the profit against the slump sale 
of the EOD business, showing 206% up. And EPS for the year is INR109 vis-à-vis 
INR42.5 in the last year. So then the profitability part of the PBT and the EPS is 
showing heavy and healthy growth because of the sale of the EOD business. So this 
is the brief of the results.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes. And coming to the segment performance, as I mentioned one of the highlights 
for the years was the excellent bounce back of the Bio-based Specialties and 
Performance Chemicals business with a revenue up 32%. and EBITDA up 82%. 
Remember that what was considered the whole profitable Specialty Businesses 
already became a part of the joint venture. So given that, I think this was a real 
highlight for the year. 
 
 
The Potable Spirit business continued with a growth momentum with a growth of 
about 8.1%. But for the reason that I mentioned, the sharp increase in Ethanol cost 
and factory material cost and the relative difficulty and the long cost of getting price 
increases, we saw a suppression EBITDA, however, we are confident going forward 
that we should be able to pull our margins up quite significantly. 
 
 
The Ennature Biopharma business, modest growth with about 3.7%. And for the 
reasons I mentioned, which is change in policy in some of the export markets, we 
have some of the benefits on the pharmaceutical APIs like these were reduced. We 
saw a margin compression, which is for Ennature Biopharma. 
 
 
And I think that's all that I have in terms of the quick update on the quarterly results 
and the yearly results. Other than that, we would see a bit of an overview on the 
company and the part of the presentation deck, which you have already received. 
 
 
So thank you. This is all from me. Over to you for your questions and our 
discussions.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from 
Sunidhi Securities.  
 
Bajrang Bafna 
Yes, congratulations for the decent set of numbers during the quarter despite the fact 
that we have seen multiple headwinds in terms of rising commodity prices and 
especially the coal, which has also impacted our performance. So just to going into 
the new financial year where you have multiple tailwinds, which are there for your 
company right now, one of them is the grain based distillery, which is just going to 
come up and will have some sort of margin acquisition, which should be visible to us. 
 
 
So if you could guide us what sort of benefits that you are seeing from the grain 
based distillery. And one more thing, which is in the minds of investors, 
communities, the fact that since it is a grain based distill and availability of grain at 
this point of time is pretty much hiatus and globally, we are seeing sort of food crisis 
and the prices of most of the communities are moving up. So how we are insulated, 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
how we are going to get our grain, at what cost, what sort of benefit -- cost benefit 
that we're going to get from this business will be really appreciated. 
 
 
And my second question pertains to basically the green chemistry, which is taking the 
center stage in most of the companies. And there is a whole lot of developments 
which are happening in that direction. So what sort of guidance that you could give 
us in terms of EO derivatives India Glycols is embarking upon over next three, four 
years, what sort of revenue through this EO derivatives we could see. So just to begin 
with this two questions will be really appreciated. Thank you.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Thank you for your good comments as well. And as you said, we expect to have 
some sales wins in the coming year. And we also expect that the huge amount of 
headwinds that we have seen this year, some of them will fade away. But having said 
that, you -- the first question that you raised was on availability of grain and the 
benefits of a grain based distillery product. 
 
 
It's a good year in a way to test the resilience and the robustness of the IGL model. 
To some extent we believe that in that sense, we have an advantage. And I like to put 
it this way that look, as far as the ethanol value metrics is concerned, it becomes three 
by three for us, which means that we have three potential sources of Bio-based 
ethanol, an important ingredient as Bio-based chemicals are concerned. So we could 
either import bio-based ethanol, which we have done from time to time based on the 
economic advantage. We could do it from molasses, as IGL has done for a long time. 
And now we could do it based on grain, which is the new thing that is coming up. 
And it is definitely being encouraged by the government for multiple reasons, 
including the government’s push for Atmanirbhar Bharat, the government's push for 
reducing the foreign exchange outflow for crude, the government's push for making 
sure that the farm sector incomes increase and also the push to make sure that the 
damage grains that are aligned with us are utilizing evaluated manner. 
 
 
So there are enough driving factors which are considered not only by me, but the 
government of India to actually publish a bio fuel policy, and download it. And the 
entire analysis of why it makes sense for India has been put in there. That's the 
analysis of the government of India, and therefore the need to drive bio fuels, which 
is one of the drivers for grain based ethanol. 
 
 
Coming back to my point of three by three value added metrics for ethanol. One side, 
we have three potential sources of ethanol, and on the other side, we have three 
potential applications or usages for ethanol. As I said, Bio-based Specialties 
Performance Chemicals, one, Potable Spirits, two and Bio Fuels, three. So we are 
only in some sense in a better position. 
 
 
Yes, coming back to your point on grains, first of all, the entire – at least as I 
understand, significant trust of the bio fuel policy is on damage grained lined with the 
godowns in India. So it's not about all grains, maybe that is also available based on 
the production, but it is based on damaged foodgrain.  
 
 
In fact, as far as I understand, the government's bodies are still pushing for people to 
make ethanol and supply more and both for blending. Why is it maybe not right for 
me to stand up and say nothing wrong will happen because if you look at the last one 
or two years, nothing that was could have ever been imagined that happened. But if 
you look at, from where I look at it right now, I agree there are risks but there are also 
elements which are positive from an IGL perspective. So in the medium term, I 
would not worry too much about it. But having said that, there are some exceptions 
which happen in the macroeconomic environment or in nature, COVID for example, 
which you cannot plan for. 
 
 
Now coming to your second point on green chemistry. We had been talking to you 
about saying, we want to enter more value added chemicals and happy to share that 
though in a small way I think a capex investment of INR40 crore to INR50 crore has 
already been approved. And that's the unit that we've been installing and 
commissioning in this financial year. So obviously, we've identified a few product. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
And in fact, we have some of the initial orders already with us. We are working with 
several big customer. And this one that we are talking about is in the oil and gas 
space -- sector for a big company being supplied to the U.S. And we hope to continue 
to build in several other areas, which includes plasticizers, carbon smart products, 
Amines, Green Solvents and bio polymers, et cetera. So that's on green chemicals. 
 
 
We realize that on one hand we will make opportunity of doing everything that we 
are doing in terms of putting grain based ethanol, making our existing product more 
competitive, changing their value proposition, but also in a more steady manner 
focusing on adding new value added chemistry.  
 
Bajrang Bafna  
Got it, got it. So, sir, just to -- based upon our earlier statements of last few quarters, 
the availability of grain is not a bigger challenge at this point of time, since we are 
starting both the units right now, and the earlier statement of close to INR600 crore 
kind of revenue and 20% to 25%, kind of EBITDA margin stays intact because now 
we have all the numbers with us in terms of grain sourcing, pricing and the market 
price of ethanol and the benefits that we're going to get out of it, whether we supply 
to government or use it internally. So those stays intact. So that was the intention to 
ask this question, because now we are very close to starting the unit.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Absolutely. I agree that so far they are intact. In fact, somebody was asking me about 
how much of what you will do, how much are you going to buy from outside? How 
much are you going to make using molasses, how much are you going to make using 
grain, and how much of that will go into Potable Spirit? How much of that will go 
into chemicals? How much of that will you sell as GNA outside? So it introduces 
several variables. What I can say is that we have developed as a part of a planning 
process, a comprehensive scenario planning and optimization model which we will 
be using immediately near future as we start to get more -- our grain ethanol. And I'm 
aware of the great prices which are right now and based on the prices that we are 
seeing and availability that we are seeing, as of now that change none of our 
assumptions that we have taken while we had raised these capexes. 
 
Bajrang Bafna 
Great. Great to hear that. And just one add on question on your liquor business. I 
think there was some price hike, which was expected from the UP government and 
due to sizable increase in cost, we are already seeing the run rate, which was almost 
INR40 crore, kind of EBIT per quarter has gone down to roughly INR20 crore in last 
two quarters. So any progress on that, and can we go back to the earlier trajectory? 
And if yes, by when this is doable for us?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So I know that the pricing increases that we were expecting have happened, that is 
what I'm told. In terms of the overall impact, I think we need to work that out. I don't 
have the numbers ready with me, but I'm sure my finance colleagues can help you 
with that later. And just to give you a flavor, at current costs of grain, for example, 
and I may be a little off because I don't remember the exact calculations, the cost of 
ethanol would be something like INR40 a litre compared to, well in excess of INR53, 
INR54 a litre when we were to buy molasses based ENA. So that is clearly a cost 
game that we will have as soon as we start to use grain based ethanol for our Potable 
Spirits and to answer your question, yes, we have got some pricing increases in the 
state that we'd applied for.  
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Bala from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Bala 
Sir, regarding Bio-based MEG, currently Coca-Cola how much of revenue 
percentage of revenue giving in that segment, and how about the margins in MEG? 
What kind of realization right now for the quarter and full year, and what kind of 
markets you are targeting? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Bala, I don't recollect the excise number, but we are happy to share with you detailed 
data, if you can send that question. But I will try and give you a qualitative. So as far 
as Bio MEG is concerned, you are right. Coca-Cola was our largest customer. And as 
I mentioned in the earlier part of my presentation, we've lost a significant part of that 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
business, and we don't expect an immediate recovery of that business. And the reason 
for that is not that Coca-Cola has become less interested in green product. It is 
because there are mandates for them to start using recycled PET. However, Coca-
Cola continues to engage with us for PET, which is a 100% bio-based if those kind of 
technology development exist in future, because people are working on those.  
 
 
Now, Coca-Cola used to be in excess of 80% of our business, if I understand 
correctly, just two years ago. However, having developed another 10 to 15 customers 
in Japan, Taiwan and other places, our as far as I know, our top line in bio MEGs this 
year has increased. And so have our contributions. So I think given a sharp fall in 
what was 80% of our business to now a diversified customer basket where we have in 
excess of 10 customers, I think this is a steady momentum, I think, will continue.  
 
 
Sanjeev ji, would you like to add? 
 
Sanjeev Gurwara 
No, I think Rupark ji has explained it well. So if I recall correctly, last year, I think 
we had 60% business from Coke and 40% from others. But now that is shifting. And 
I think we'll see that in the times come from this financial year onwards. We have a 
bigger basket and our reach is not only to U.S. but it is to Southeast Asia as well, 
where I think predominantly, the vendors for manufacturing PET  is China, Taiwan, 
Japan, Korea. I think these are the places we are making entry into. 
 
 
And I think this trend will be there. And one positive point about this is, because we 
were dependent on Coke in the earlier years, they had a preferential pricing and with 
the number of customers increasing now, I think the preferential pricing is gone, and 
we are trying to build some of the model pricing. 
 
Bala 
Yes, sir. And sir, my next question in branded country liquor segment, like you have 
presented increasing package in front of the customer -- in front of the government. 
Like, what is this current status, whether the government approved for increasing in 
packaging materials?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Can you just repeat your question? There was a little bit for noise there.  
 
Bala 
Sir in terms of packaging cost and raw material cost, like you have placed in front of 
government for increase in price so which is expected to evaluate in February month. 
So what is the current status?  
 
Anand Singhal 
Sorry, this is related to the liquor, right?  
 
Bala 
Yes, sir, branded country liquor.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
As I mentioned to you if you have a specific – if you need more details, send us an 
email. As I mentioned to you as a result of the price increases, we have got some 
price increases. And on our end, we are also working on reducing costs. One of the 
key things being changing the ethanol to grain. Mind you, however, grain ethanol is 
not inferior. It's actually considered superior. But if you want to know specific 
details, I'm not very clear about your question and I -- forgive me, I not have the 
precise details product by product. Send us an email, we’ll respond to you.  
 
Bala 
Sure, sir. Sir, could you please, like in terms of packaging cost, in terms of sales in 
brand liquor, could you please… Sir, packaging cost in terms of sales for branded 
country liquor?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
I don't have -- I don't remember the packaging cost percentage for country liquor and 
how that has changed, but we'll take the questions. We'll get back to you.  
 
Bala 
Fine, sir. Fine. So, and one more question regarding that excise policy in Delhi. So 
there is no change in that policy in last quarter, as I mentioned. So what kind of 
expectations in coming quarter?  
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Rupark Sarswat 
So the excise policy has basically opened up and essentially the working capital that 
the companies are required to put up upfront is decreased, and which allow us to 
therefore have latest presence in many, many more outlet in Delhi, which itself has 
increased. 
 
 
Deepak, would you like to comment on that? 
 
Deepak Satya 
So what's happening right now is, in the initial phases last year, what happened is 
there were approximately 900 plus outlets, which opened up  in liquor, but off late, 
what's happening is that the litigation has happened from the respective licensee(s) 
who have applied in the state. And what's happening is that -- because of the 
litigation, some groups have shut down their businesses. And right now there are only 
450 liquor outlets open in Delhi as of now we speak. So there are -- this is like a wait 
and watch game, which is happening between the people who own the licenses to 
operate in Delhi. And so does our business is in direct correlation with the people 
who are operating in Delhi. So, so it's like a wait and watch game right now, which is 
going on. The results are expected any time in the first half of June.  Post that will be 
in a good position to answer this particular question in a much more detailed manner 
for you.  
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. 
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Congrats on good set of numbers despite having challenges. So my first question is 
on the liquor segment. So we have today quite a few number of brands are launched -
- new brands, over the last one year. So how is the marketing strategy for our liquor 
business? We had indicated that probably, we’ll be going for some geographical 
expansion? So what is the roadmap that we are looking from a three to fiveyear 
perspective? Thank you.  
 
Deepak Satya 
So also just to answer your question. So along with -- I mean, like increasing our 
footprint in UP, and Uttarakhand, we also entered with a similar brands in Delhi 
market as well, and going forward in this particular year, we are also in talk with the 
government of Rajasthan. Also, we are trying to enter into MP as well. And there's 
one more state in the Eastern side of India which we are right now just opened up the 
initial paperwork. So in totality, we are looking to expand the brand presence in three 
most states, other than existing ones of UP, Uttarakhand and Delhi. So total six states 
we are looking into right now.  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Right. So that probably gives the indication that the growth rate that we have seen 
over the last two years in this particular business will continue and probably can 
accelerate as well with the geographical expansion. Is that assumption right?  
 
Deepak Satya 
Yes, that's absolutely right. And another point is that we are not basically trying to 
position our Company as a liquor manufacturer. We are most likely positioning it 
from a lifestyle perspective. So the way to approach the markets is also going to 
differ from the existing ones in the market. And we got a good plans in place in order 
to like go in with a different kind of messaging with respect to the advertising part of 
the things. So these are the two things that we expect will amplify our sales as well as 
improve our go to market for the geographies that we have planned for this year.  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Right. Got it. Second question is on the new Specialty unit. So we have given 
indication INR40 crore, INR50 crore or capex, if you could just provide little more 
contours to it in terms of what will be the product market that we are looking at and 
the application, and when can we expect this particular initiative to come to fruition? 
Probably, just the first wave, and later on, how we want the capex?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Rohit, if I heard you correctly, you are talking about the Phase 1 investment in -- Just 
a second, there is a bit  of noise. So, as I said, we've already got the internal capex 
approved for about INR40 crore to INR50 crore of that kind of spend where we've 
already started doing the work. And we expect that by Q4 of this financial year, 
which is between January and March of ’23, we would have these this unit 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
commission, maybe some bit of it even slightly earlier, but that's the time period 
where we have this commission. 
 
 
And subsequently we are working, our SPDI group is working on several idea tubes, 
so to say. Some of them, I have talked to you about which includes carbon smart 
products, speciality amine, bio polymers, some plasticizers, because we already have 
products identified there, which have been taken for the feedback case for this. And 
subsequently there are several other areas where we be building. It's too premature to 
comment on beyond phase one, but that's how it is. But we are quite confident that 
we would be able to build a significant value added chemicals business, primarily on 
the basis of sustainable chemistries and knowledge based partnerships with our 
customers over the next three to four or three to six years. And it'll be quite 
significant. That's what our plan is.  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
Right. Got it. So just one clarification on financial number. So what would be the net 
debt at the end of FY ’22, and where are we likely to get the INR190-odd crore from 
the Clariant deal, which was supposed to come in one to two years. And this year, 
how the capex will look like? Thank you.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So, Rohit, can you please repeat. I didn’t get that clearly.  
 
Anand Singhal 
And speak slightly loudly, Rohit?  
 
Rohit Nagraj 
So one is what is the net debt at the end of FY ’22. And from the Clariant deal, we 
are supposed to get INR190 crore. So when that money is likely to come, and FY ’23, 
what is the amount of capex that we are planning. Thank you.  
 
Anand Singhal 
Rohit, regarding the net debt, it is around INR1,000 crore at the end of the year ’22. 
Regarding the INR190 crore coming back from JV… is not clear when they are going 
to pay, because they are already paying the interest to us at the rate of 10%. 
Regarding the capex for 2022-23, we are already having two big capex of grain 
distillery, which includes the distillery boiler and turbine, which is say about INR325 
crore. Apart from this, the capex, which Mr. Rupark Sarswat has just discussed 
regarding the new chemical project and some more capexes. So I will say for 22-23, 
the total capex will be around INR400 crore for the Company.  
  
Moderator 
We will move on to our next question, which is from the line of Makarand Madhukar 
Tilloo from Makarand Tilloo Investments.  
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Sir, I want ask one thing that last time you informed that another 200 KLPD plant for 
Kashipur. You got the permission. So what is the progress for that?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
I suppose you are talking about the grain based ethanol plant, right?  
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Correct. Some additional -- new plant you got.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So let me clarify, if that helps you. Right now, we are in the process of putting two 
grain based ethanol units. One of them in 110 KLPD in Gorakhpur, another one 180 
KLPD in Kashipur, which I said is going to get commissioned over the next couple of 
months. Over and above that we are in the process of evaluating whether it makes 
sense for investing more in this area. Once we've done our evaluation, made up our 
mind, we shall communicate that as well.  
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Okay. Now, now the other point, what is the status of Shakumbari Sugar? 
 
Anand Singhal 
Means -- the status -- what you want to know about the status of Shakumbari Sugar? 
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Status meaning, last time it was said you plan to disinvest and get the proceeds out of 
that. 
 
Anand Singhal 
Yes, we are still in the same process. And we’ll let you know once it is through. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Okay. And there is INR124 crore increase in power and fuel cost. So how do we plan 
to reduce the same? 
 
Anand Singhal 
Actually, what is happening, the power and fuel cost is having the coal maximum. 
Although the quantity consumption of the coal has not gone up, but the prices has 
gone up from say about INR6,000 tone to INR 15,000 tons. So once it is through 
because we are having no other option, but to take coal as a fuel. We tried rice husk 
and of course operating generators, but somehow the power cost has not come down 
to the previous year level. So we expect coal prices, or we start getting the coal from 
NCL or CCL. Then only the power and fuel cost will come down. Otherwise we have 
no other option, but to live this kind of cost.  
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Okay. And only one request sir, digital presence of our Company needs to be a 
sharpened. Can we do the same?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes. I cannot disagree with you at all. We need to improve the quality of our digital 
presence. We are working on it and very soon you will see significant improvement 
in our website. And some of the other things that we are doing. 
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Yes. Because our Company is so much your product, and its presence will be very 
helpful. Just, Shakumbari point was that in the note it was written that during the year 
company has sold 242.5 lakhs equity share and something note was given over here. 
So what is that? 
 
Anand Singhal 
Actually, India Glycols has disposed of say about 49% holding of Shakumbari Sugar, 
which is having a nill value or negative value at INR0.05 to one company just to get 
some benefit out of the income tax, as well as to get some funds out of these shares..  
 
Makarand Madhukar Tilloo 
Okay. The holding is with company, correct?  
 
Ankur Jain 
India Glycols remains the Holding Company of Shakumbari. Over 51% is still held 
by India Glycols as a Holding Company. See this entire offload will help India 
Glycol to find more suitable investor in a time to come and transfer the liability along 
with the equity part. Shakumbari’s net value -- or the equity value is negative. So that 
is why this transaction is done at INR0.05. 
 
Moderator 
We will attempt to take the question from the line of Mr. Saket Kapoor again. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
Sir, firstly, as it is seen that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there has been a margin 
improvement in the specialty and the performance chemical segment. So is this the 
sustainable margin or the factors that have contributed to the same? I was late to the 
call. So if you could -- for the sake of repetition, kindly explain once again. And on 
the distillery expansion update also. We were earlier looking for June for the 
commissioning of the two distilleries. What’s the update on the same? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
In this environment, Saket it's difficult to predict what happens to a margin where 
freight costs are up 10 times, energy costs are 3 times, ethanol cost is up 60% to 70%. 
But having said that, if you look at these scenarios and I would imagine that going 
forward, these challenges will not continue to become more difficult. At some point 
in time they will have to be more reasonable than where they are. If that holds true 
and the fact that there is a greater push and demand for sustainable products, that is as 
far as the operating environment is concerned. And we continue to look at 
opportunities to invest in and supply R&D based, knowledge based value added 
chemicals. I assume we would expect that our margins in the Bio-based Speciality 
Performance Chemicals business over a period of time should continue to improve if 
not be sustained. That's what we are here for.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Yes. So my question was only premise that the effect of higher energy prices, coal 
and ethanol, and are already factored in the March quarter. There's a substantial 
portion of this and the numbers are better than what the December quarter were. So 
that was my reason whether we can -- whether depending upon the current inflation 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
environment, the margins for the March quarter, can we look as a base or not? That 
was my point.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
I think as of now that's a fair assumption. That's a fair assumption. We also had some 
headwind. It's not that everything was tailwind. If you see my operation environment 
slide, I talked about three big challenges and I also talked about opportunities. For 
example, we were able to sustain, retain, increase our presence in Bio-MEG. We got 
some new business in value added chemicals and for some of our green solvents, 
which were competing with butyle based solvent throughout the world, the butyle 
prices are higher. So we were in a position to get business and also improve our 
margins. So we also had some headwind. But your point about whether March is a 
fair representation of margins in the current environment and going forward, I think 
while nobody can predict everything it's a fair result.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
And on the distillery expansion update, sir?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So maybe – Saket, we spoke about it. However, the update is that both our distilleries 
are nearing completion and in the next couple of months or in the coming quarter, we 
would be commissioning them.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Okay. And the raw material feed, both are grain based?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes. They technically can be dual fed. So technically we can molasses as well as 
grain. And grain of different kinds in futures. Right now nobody's talking about other 
grains. There could be corn, there could be -- I see longer term, maize could be a very 
interesting crop for India because rice, one is very, very water thirsty, and maize 
grows in much more rugged climate conditions. So yes, it is -- we are in that sense, a 
little future ready. We might be able to transform some of them into two based as 
well maybe from medium to long term.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Post the exit of the March quarter, how is the traction in the business environment for 
us, especially for our Performance Chemical and also for the Potable Spirit segment, 
if you could throw some more light on the same. And also, how is the product 
pipeline looking for the Biopharma segment. The performance have been muted if I 
may use the term, for the last financial year. So taking into account our engagement 
with the customers how are you finding this biopharma segment to perform going 
ahead?  
 
Manish Pant 
So Saket, Manish this side. So first, I am taking your question with respect to the 
Biopharma and chemical, Rupark would advise on this. For Biopharma section, in 
this first quarter, we are expecting a growth as compared to the previous quarter and 
all same quarter last year is the around 30% - 40% more than the same quarter last 
year. And the previous quarter. Because as Rupark told in his presentation with 
respect to this the growth in the nicotine segment and less dependability on the 
Thiocolchicoside. So right now, because of this scenario, the nicotine is being -- the 
sale has been pushed for the nicotine. And we are expecting a growth around 30% or 
more.  
 
Sanjeev Gurwara 
Yes. Regarding this specialty chemicals and Bio-MEG business, I think Bio-MEG 
would see traction and because the customer base, which we have -- I mentioned 
earlier, have increased. I think those are taking shapes now. And hopefully, we can 
sustain the business or improve it by another 10% to 20% in the coming times. So 
that's -- efforts are being made. But as already pointed out, I think Rupark ji also 
mentioned the costs, which are there, especially the energy costs and the IP freight 
costs, I think these are having some sort of an impact. And things would stabilize. So 
we have to, I think, keep in mind these developments also. So I think overall, if I see 
it can lead to only a slight increase of 10% to 20% in the coming time, the business in 
Bio-MEG. And in the space of solvents, bio solvents, I think this is -- that as a 
domestic market and the export markets, domestic markets would do well because 
there's a festival season ahead and people and the paint companies, they prepared for 
it. So it should be better. And exports, apart from China, because that is a market, 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
which is at a very low at the moment, the other regions, which we do is Southeast 
Asia and Middle East should be looking good.  
 
Deepak Satya 
I’ll take your question for the liquor side of it. So the thing is, in this current financial 
year, we are planning to improve our width of distribution. By width of distribution, I 
mean, expanding our presence across the retail outlet in the states that we are 
operating right now. Right now in vodka segment, we hold a market, share 5%, 
which we aim to take it to double down to 15%, by the end of here. This is kind of a 
target we are taking in. And also in Whiskey segment, we are also trying to improve 
our market share in a similar range itself. In Uttarakhand, we have carried out below 
the line advertising campaigns because of the government regulations, which has 
resulted in a -- kind of like a shop uptake of our brands across Whiskey and Vodka 
segments. And we are keeping a very close watch on the Delhi market because of the 
regulations which are there because of the excise and the litigation between the 
licensees and the government of Delhi. And we are also like exploring our options of 
marketing campaigns in the states that we plan to enter. So I can't delve much into the 
details about the kind of an outlook that we are portraying for Q1, but yes, we do 
have a very aggressive plan to do double down the numbers that we are doing right 
now. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So Saket, as you can see, I've got a very enthusiastic set of colleagues who are sure to 
drive the business well. But if I have to kind of come in and say how our business are 
going to do overall, I guess we would continue to, we are optimistic about existing, 
moderate growth this year. We believe that we've had a really tough year in terms of 
input cost, et cetera. And some of those headwinds are going to be milder, I suppose, 
and with certain other advantages like opportunities of growth in Delhi and the new 
specialties unit and the grain bear ethanol, we should be improving our margin as 
well. So take that as an overall flavor, if I may say so.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Correct. And sir, I have two bookkeeping questions also. Firstly, about the cost of 
fund currently and our net debt level. Anand ji, if you could help me with that. 
 
Anand Singhal 
Cost of the fund for the Company as of now is around 8%, which we are targeting to 
reduce it further. Regarding the debt, yes, we have a debt of say about INR1,000 
crore, on 31st March, 2022, including the working capital. And of course, planning to 
reduce subject two years if a new capex or a high value capex comes and we have no 
other option, but to raise funds, still we are targeting reduction in cost of finance as 
well as the net debt. That's what I can say.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Split, can you give between INR1,000 crore working capital and long term debt?  
 
Anand Singhal 
We have about INR300 crore long term fund -- long term loan and $34 million of 
EPBG, which is again about INR230/240 crore and about INR300 crore working 
capital.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
INR300 crore working capital. And so when I look at the capital working progress, 
that has gone up from INR126 crore to INR243 crore. That is, I see on the distillery 
units, only the investment made.  
 
Anand Singhal 
The last part is the distillery because right now, if you will talk about CWIP, so then 
we have say about INR200 crore grain distillery, which is in process, but the grain 
distillery overall cost will come INR325 crore to NR350 crore. So there will be an 
additional increase in the capex cost by say, INR150 crore. Apart from this, we have 
some capex in pipeline, including a new chemical unit as well as some more capexes. 
So there is some capexes for which either Company will decide to raise the loan or 
will see whether to fund that from internal accrual.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Correct, sir. And on the liability portion, sir, there are two line items actually about 
this other finance liability and the other current liability. So they are all repayable in 
12 months, INR282 crore and INR289 crore?  
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Anand Singhal 
I will come back to it because I've not seen that INR282 crore to INR290 crore. So 
what you can do, you can send me a mail. I will give you the reply on that.  
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. 
 
Rohit Sinha 
Thank you for taking my questions sir. So some of my questions are already 
answered. Just few clarifications from -- one is on this Nutraceutical business. Just 
wanted to know that since we are guiding for 30% growth there. So is it from the 
existing capacity of nicotine because we are already working on few new product as 
well. So can you just elaborate the kind of growth we are expecting from this 
business with the kind of capacity going forward? 
 
Anand Singhal 
Rohit, you are talking about the herbal unit, Ennature Biopharma?  
 
Rohit Sinha 
Yes, yes.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
If I understand correctly, Rohit, you want to know growth in sub segment within 
Ennature Biopharma. And while -- I think the broader story was we had challenges in 
Thiocolchicoside. We maintained market share. Our strategy has been to diversify. 
So in the nicotine space, we've grown quite significantly. We've doubled our 
capacities, that will continue to grow. And I don't have the precise product category 
wise numbers. So if you could just write down an email, it will just make it easier for 
us to respond to you.  
 
Rohit Sinha 
Okay, sir. Just one suggestion on this power and fuel cost. I mean, as you were 
talking about higher coal prices and because of which our fuel costs have increased 
significantly. So just considering that we are focusing on green chemistry and we are 
supposed to be going in line with that concept and are we focusing on something 
towards renewable energy procurement for our own captive consumption or looking 
to set up any renewable thing there?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes. To answer your question, the answer is yes. First of all, we use significant 
amount of energy, in Uttarakhand is anyway hydro, which is green. We are working 
on nearly closing a contract on more green suppliers because not only from our cost 
point of view and business continuity perspective, for point of view of the carbon 
footprint of our product, it's important to us. We are working on evaluating certain 
options. We are close to closing a deal. As soon as that is done, we’ll keep you 
informed.  
 
Rohit Sinha 
Okay. Okay. So any I mean near term number in terms of timeline, what maybe one 
month, two month, or it would be maybe larger than that?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
We are talking about within the next quarter, so next couple of months.  
 
Rohit Sinha  
Okay. Okay. And in the Specialty Chemical part, just wanted to understand I think 
this quarter we have some lower trading volume and if we adjust this number with the 
last year part. So can you give some sense on volume growth on the manufacturing 
business and if at all possible to share the realization growth also?  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Just give a second, whether I could respond to you now or later. I can only say that 
our core business, which is in terms of manufacturing on a like to like basis has 
actually seen better growth than what you see, including the trading volumes. But I 
have to work on the calculation to see how much is it without that and on, but maybe 
you can send us an email, we’ll respond.  
 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Marsal, an individual investor.  
 
Marsal 
Yes. Hello. My question is for Mr. Anand Singhal. This is regarding – just to give 
you like background here, we have seen that we lost our investment in Shakumbari,. 
So I just want to ask that in the balance sheet, we can see that our -- this other 
financial assets have increased substantially. So with whom this money has been 
parked, like for example, non-current assets have increased from INR47 crore to 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
INR112 crore, a INR65 crore increase. And other financial asset under current asset 
increased from INR51 crore to INR188 crore, means INR137 crore. So total INR202 
crore have been increased in other financial assets. So with whom it has been parked. 
And whether that is secured and recoverable or not? 
 
Anand Singhal 
What I will suggest you, you send me the mail. I will give you the reply. Regarding 
the Shakumbari, you have some question? 
 
Marsal 
No, no. I just meant it as a background, but what I'm saying -- it means you did not 
hear my question clearly. Let me repeat, Mr. Singhal. So what I'm saying, our other 
financial assets, both in current assets and the non current assets have increased by 
INR200 crore. So I want to ask that this money has been parked with whom like 
whether this will be recovered or we will have the same fate like what we had in 
Shakumbari or some some other company, for example.  
 
Anand Singhal 
No, no, this is not like Shakumbari. I will suggest you to send me a mail. I will give 
you the reply. I'm not having the data right now. So that's why. Maybe tomorrow or 
day after tomorrow, I'll give you the reply or will talk to you.  
 
Marsal 
Okay. Okay. And second thing about that is, means in tax expenses, why we have got 
current tax as, like sort of negative, like income INR54 crore. So does it mean that 
our tax provision for the previous quarter were not met correctly? So why it is 
showing such INR54 crore because deferred tax, I understand, but first time in my 
life, I'm seeing that in current tax, we got INR54 crore negative in this quarter.  
 
Anand Singhal 
No, that is basically the advantage to the Company against the sale of shares and the 
write off which we have taken under exceptional items. So that is the benefit for the 
current year on the current tax because of these two items.  
 
Marsal 
No, but what I'm saying that is, our deal has happened six, nine months before. So 
why this like positive has been taken in the March quarter, why it was not taken in 
the September or June quarter whenever our deal with this Clariant was finalized.  
 
Anand Singhal 
Very difficult to say that that is to be done everything in the first quarter, or the 
second quarter,  
 
Marsal 
I did not say like this, what I'm saying, Singhal ji, what I'm saying that when the deal 
was materialized, when we booked the profit in our, like in our quarterly results, so in 
that quarter, the corresponding, whatever the tax advantage we have worked, we 
should have done there, not in the last quarter when there is no transaction. 
Transaction has already happened three or six months before  
 
Anand Singhal 
Any tax planning is for the year, not for the quarter. So whatever planning we have 
done, that is for the year. So although the deal has happened on 30th June, but we can 
always make all kind of planning in 2021-22. So that's why whatever was remaining 
in the Quarter 2 or Quarter 3 has been done in Quarter 4.  
 
Marsal 
No, Singhal ji, Now, where is which tax rate? 22% or 30%? New tax regime or old 
tax regime?  
 
 
Anand Singhal 
We are into new tax regime paying say about 25% tax.  
 
Marsal 
Yes, 25.17%. And then what is this INR18 crore negative in the exceptional item in 
the current quarter? 
 
Anand Singhal 
Exceptional item, we have taken a hit off the interest, which is receivable from 
Shakumbari and about INR18 crore, INR19 crore on account of the slump sale, 
because earlier that was under reconciliation and on 31st March, it has been 
reconciled. So the total hit, we have taken, say about INR39 crore that is because of 
those two parts. 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Manish Pant 
And this is basically -- this is only taxation -- tax adjustment purpose only because 
the provision was already kept in the – for the Shakumbari -- for this Shakumbari and 
all, and now it is -- it has been only written off in the -- as far as the tax calculation is 
concerned.  
 
Marsal 
Mr. Singhal, when you mentioned that we are doing tax planning for full year, I fully 
agree on this one, but let me give you a very humble suggestion here that although we 
are making tax planning for the full year, but at the same time, we are reporting four 
times in a year. So tax provision cannot be like that taken short or excess or likely, or 
like not likely in the previous quarter. And we take the – ultimate provision in the last 
quarter. This is not the right procedure, because like, when you are reporting profit, 
for example, September quarter, then you need to see, okay, that like whatever has 
already accrued till September, at least to that extent you need to provide for. If you 
just keep okay, that maybe in the December quarter we will earn more or we will do 
less, okay let's neglect provision here, this is not the right -- in this way, like our 
reported profit for the previous quarter was not correct. So I humbly suggest that 
going forward, whenever we are reporting for June, September, December quarter, 
till that whatever transaction has happened, the full impact of those transition must be 
taken in that quarter, not to be pushed to the March quarter, when -- wherein there is 
no Clariant deal in the March quarter. It looks really old, just like -- sorry for this bit 
upfront, because I can see that our profit has increased from INR32 crore to INR67 
crore, which is not going to happen in the next quarter.  
 
Anand Singhal 
Your suggestion is well taken, but what will happen if the deal is under 
reconciliation? You want me to make all kinds of adjustments in the same quarter 
when the reconciliation is in process…  
 
Marsal 
No, no, Mr. Singhal, INR54 crore cannot be passed in the last -- cannot be deferred 
for the last quarter. INR54 crore is a huge amount. If INR5 crore, INR10 crore, I fully 
agree, no problem. But like our, this Clariant deal happened six months before, at 
least. So six months before the deal happened, so why it compared to INR54 crore is 
coming now. INR54 crore is a huge amount, which is 150% of PBT.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Sorry, I forgot your name. This is Rupark here. There's a detailed discussion, which is 
more of detailed in how financial accounting is done and provisions the kept et 
cetera, which I well appreciate. We learn from your question. We learn from your 
difficult questions as well, as well as humble suggestions. My request is that you 
have an offline chat with Mr. Singhal. We are more than happy to indulge in that, but 
we’ll probably move on with this conference and take that later, please. Is that a fair 
request?  
 
Moderator 
Our last question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain.  
 
Sanjesh Jain 
Three from my side. First on the ethanol side, now the petroleum based ethanol is -- 
in India is supplied by only one supplier and they're already running short of the 
capacity. And there is a huge opportunity in the ethanol derivative side. And we have 
rightly said that we are now investing more into the R&D side to strengthen it. Can 
you explain that, are we also exploring a lot of opportunity in ethanol based 
derivative. And also supplying ethanol to the local consumers of ethanol? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
I'll take the second question first. And if you remember, I talked about a complex 
metrics of how we will stay around with our ethanol input side and output side. And 
yes, it is so dynamic that we have actually worked on a scenario planning model, 
which will run on a recurring three month rolling basis on a monthly basis and decide 
where do we optimize the ethanol that we are producing. And yes one of the options 
could be to sell ethanol to various people which includes bio fuels, obviously, which 
includes other beverage manufactures who also buy ethanol. In fact we sell ethanol 
even outside of India. The beverage rate ethanol what we call as ENA. 
 
 
And your first question was regarding? Sorry.  
 
Sanjesh Jain 
Ethanol based derivative. And R&D into developing the product.  

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Right. The obvious answer to your question is a big, yes. We have a sense in bio 
based ethanol and ethylene. And the ethanol that we make is of extremely high purity 
because unlike people who make ethanol for beverages, we make ethanol which goes 
through catalyst systems, extremely expensive catalyst systems, which can poison 
catalyst systems. So yes, we would be looking at various ethanol derivatives. You are 
aware of the entire ethyl chain. But yes, we want to do it by evaluating each one of 
them and then developing markets, not only, there are commodities in the retail 
market as well. So not only based on that, but more value added product, but as we 
set up our plant, if there are certain spot opportunities for some of the commodity 
ethanol based solvent, for example, we will take them. So the answer to your question 
is obviously yes.  
 
Moderator 
Our last question, sir, is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
Sir, I missed your expansion plan on the -- I think so the Amine chemical, how much 
are we planning to put on these expansion sir, and what would be the gestation period 
for the same? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So, Saket, look, we have just started investing in a number of areas which are 
building blocks for setting up a new value added chemical business, which includes 
pilot plants, which includes R&D. And we are convinced of a first investment 
through about INR40 crore to INR50 crore of which several product categories are 
being looked at. Now, this is not like a polyester investment where you plan a big 
investment, and you jump. This is something which is iterated. So we are looking at 
this area, some products are already in the lab stage. We are working with our 
partners and one of the product categories is also specialty amine. 
 
 
And it is not that there is a unique investment of -- we've not -- I cannot give you a 
specific single amine based capital investment right now, but hope if it grows as a 
business segment in future, we'll be able to share more detail. You would appreciate 
that we are having to start a kind of an entrepreneurial journey in new value added 
chemicals. So forgive me if I'm unable to provide precise details on each of the sub 
segment, but we know for sure that it is a good area for us to be in. It'll give us a good 
payback and this will set a good foundation for us over the next several years. Maybe 
three to eight years of building a good value added chemical business.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
And sir, what has been the dividend from the Clariant JV for this financial year? 
What is the dividend amount we have received, if any?  
 
Manish Pant 
So, Saket, till now, basically the dividend or the interest repayment from the loan, 
which both the companies that rest over there, is being remitted to us. And till now 
only one quarter interest has been received by us in this financial year and the rest of 
the six months’ interest would be received by the June quarter -- been given right 
now. And this is being reinvested in the business in JV.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
And sir, for this new chemical segment, will we be partnering with Clariant or it 
would be a solo attempt by India Glycols Limited? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
I mentioned this earlier, Saket, that the new value added chemicals that I'm talking 
about here is the non-compete area with respect to the JV, and something that IGL is 
working on separately. This is not overlapping with the JV.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
Right. And last point, I missed also about the Coke part. If the intake of Bio-MEG 
from, I think to the Coke or Coca-Cola, I'm missing that also, that has been, or has 
the quantity been reduced. You were telling something to the earlier participant.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
So that has been – the Coke volume have, as I mentioned, quite significantly reduced.  
 
Saket Kapoor  
Okay. And you mentioned the reason also. I missed that part also. What are we trying 
to -- how are we trying to replace that volume with whom, because it had a 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
significant premium also, if I'm not wrong, depending upon the prices. We need to 
get a premium on the same.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes, we get a premium. And Coke was one of our first customers for Bio-based 
MEG. Not for MEG but who gave a premium based on Bio-based MEG for 
manufacturing PET bottles for Coke. Now, the reason why Coke is moving away 
from this for the time being is the mandates on them to use recycled PET in the U.S. 
and other places. However, the need for sustainable materials or greener materials, 
there is only increasing demand and awareness, though slow and steady. As a result, 
we have built a number of small customers, mainly in Japan, Taiwan, which are in 
number areas. They are in there for polyester, therefore PET, they are for other areas. 
And fortunately from 80% plus business with Coke, we are now more than 80% 
business with the other and over 10 or 15 customers, which is a good thing, right? 
And we believe that our diversification and steady growth with these customers will 
continue. 
 
Saket Kapoor  
And the margins are also similar? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Yes. The short answer is yes. 
 
Saket Kapoor  
Okay, sir. So in nutshell, if I could conclude that we have left the foundation for the 
growth, or if I say may use India Glycol 2.0 into account, what the company is now 
planning to do in terms of diversifying, derisking its business model and trying to 
take growth into stride along with the profitability. This is what the message is 
toward…  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
That's my job of summarizing and you could state it much more confidently. I have to 
be more conservative. Thank you for interpreting as a strategy for IGL. I agree with 
you. You are understanding is completely right. We believe that’s the way forward 
for IGL.  
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Management for closing comments.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
Okay. So I think Saket has done my job a little bit in terms of giving a positive 
outlook in terms of how we see the days ahead, but it'll only fair. We've lived in time. 
Look, we've not seen that for hundred years what happened in terms of COVID, then 
there is the war, then there is unexpected, unprecedented escalations in energy costs 
and so on and so forth. I would assume as a normal human being that these things are 
not going to stay forever. And the medium term to longer term outlook, as well as 
strategy should stay intact. Our focus continues to be on creating more value added 
products, be it through the Potable Spirits portfolio or value added chemical portfolio 
and so on and so forth. 
 
 
With that, thank you very much for your suggestions, patiently asking your questions. 
Also from time to time, many of you have been encouraging to us. Greatly appreciate 
that, and your good wishes. 
 
 
So that's all. Thank you from my side. Enjoy the monsoons. We'll see you again. 
Hopefully we will try and give up to expectations as well. 
 
Management 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management team and Mr. Jain. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 

 
India Glycols Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
Head Office 
2B, Sector – 126, Noida, 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304 
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax: +91-120-3090111 
Registered Office: 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500 
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535 
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com 
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
 
