I 
RAIL:SEC:2022 
BSE Limited 
Rll:O AUTO II\IDUSTRI 
LIMITE 
REGD. & CORP. OFFICE: 38 KM STONE, DELHI-JAIPUR HIGHWAY, GURUGRAM -122001, HARYANA (INDIA) 
EMAIL: rico@ricoauto.in WEBSITE: www.ricoauto.in TEL. : +91 124 2824000 FAX: +91 124 2824200 
CIN: L34300HR1983PLC023187 
June 04, 2022 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
5th Floor, Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code - 520008 
Scrip Code - RICOAUTO 
Sub : Transcript of Conference Call held on 31 st May, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call held on 31st May, 2022 
with the Investors. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
B.M.Jlt;.;;; 
Company Secretary
FCS: 2446
Encl : As above 

Page 1 of 17 
“Rico Auto Industries Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
May 31, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND KAPUR- CHAIRMAN, CEO & MD 
MR. O.P. AGGARWAL – CHIEF ADVISOR (FIN & A/CS) 
MR. SURENDRA SINGH – PRESIDENT & COO 
MR. RAKESH SHARMA- CFO 
MR. SANDEEP RAJPAL – VICE PRESIDENT (MARKETING) 
MR. B.M. JHAMB – COMPANY SECRETARY 
ANALYST: 
MR. VIJAY GYANCHANDANI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES

Rico Auto Industries Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Rico Auto Industries Limited hosted by S-Ancial 
Technologies Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant’s lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Gyanchandani from 
S-Ancial Technologies Private limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Vijay Gyanchandani: Thank you. Welcome to Rico Industries, Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call. From the management we have today Mr. Arvind Kapur, 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Mr. O. P. 
Aggarwal, Chief Advisor (Fin. & A/cs.), Mr. Surendra Singh, President 
& Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Rakesh Sharma, Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Sandeep Rajpal, Vice President (Marketing) and Mr. B. M. Jhamb, 
Company Secretary. Now I request Mr. Arvind Kapur to take us through 
the key remark after that we can open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Thank you. Over to Sir. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Good evening. My name is Arvind Kapur, and I am sitting here with my 
colleagues in our Head Office in Gurgaon and we are all in the same 
room except one of my colleagues who has joined us from US. He is on 
a marketing trip to the US. This year, we grew about 26%-27% and we 
are happy about that. This is despite the shortage of the chips and also 
the Ukraine war, which has been carrying on for almost 97 days now. 
And despite that, we managed to grow and, we have grown all across, 
be it the cars, the electric vehicles, commercial vehicles and even in the 
two-wheelers, we have grown. And, despite the fact that the two-
wheelers, they have actually been down for the last almost three years 
now. We could not meet our budget, what we had mentioned last year. 
We were away from that primarily because of the chip shortage that 
was there in the market.  

Rico Auto Industries Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Page 3 of 17 
And also, the two-wheelers not picking up. For the two-wheelers, we 
had taken almost, 15 % lesser than whatever had been predicted or 
whatever had been told by our customer. Despite that the two-wheeler 
could not achieve whatever was required, but, we are hoping, that the 
way, the month of May and April, for the two-wheeler industry started, 
we are hoping that this year there would be a growth. I do not think we 
can hold back the two-wheeler industry for too long. It is almost three 
years that the rural area has not supported the two-wheeler industry, 
but we are hoping that with the monsoons being good this year. 
Monsoon, the forecast is that there would be normal to good. And if that 
happens, I am sure the two-wheeler industry will do, very well. There is 
a lot of pent up demand in the two-wheeler industry. And there, the 
confusion on the electric vehicle, electric two-wheelers and the IC 
engine, that would always remain. But still, I think the first preference 
today is for the IC engine, two-wheelers that we are talking of. Things 
seem to be good, and we are hoping that this year would be even better. 
And, the budget that we prepared, we are looking at almost Rs.2,400 
crore turnover this year. I am talking about the group turnover. And, this 
is, we are hoping that the Corona does not hit us hard this year. 193 
crores doses have already been given. So, I think that is having a major 
impact on people actually falling sick or too sick. And now the total 
sickness time is also come down to about five days at the most. And 
people are not very, very serious now. So, we are hoping that the 
monkey flu does not hit us, but otherwise I think this year seems to be 
good for the two-wheeler industry and for the car industry, everybody 
must have heard about, the announcement that Maruti has made. They 
are going to cross 2 million, almost 2.1 million, they would make this 
year. And, the chips, they have made enough arrangement for the chips 
for 2.1 million vehicles. So, I do not think that would be a constraint. 
Having said that the chip shortage is still there, that would continue till 
almost the end of 2023, but that would be the additional chips that are 
required to meet the additional requirement of all the customers that 
include the car people as well as also the electronic industry that we are 
talking of. There is a growth that is taking place and they have to meet 
that, but to meet the normal production. And, the target that Maruti set 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
up is based on the chip's availability this year. And we are very confident 
that, Maruti being almost 50% of the total car market, if they are going 
by, they have growth to 2.1 million. I think there would be a very good 
growth because Kia is also expecting good growth. So, are the Tata’s 
is expecting good growth. Mahindra is also doing very well. So, we are 
hoping that the two-wheeler industry will do very well. Commercial 
vehicles, there's a pent-up demand, primarily because of lead 
replacement, etc., that would also, help us, in our growth. The electric 
vehicles, our focus is primarily on the electric vehicles, all the new 
orders that we are getting are both for the electric vehicles, 
electrification, and also the IC engine. The investments are now mainly 
focused on the electric vehicles. And we are hoping that in the next, 
two, three years or four years maximum, we should be 40% of our sale 
should be in the region of mainly for the electrification of vehicles that 
would include the, electric vehicle as well as the hybrid vehicles. That 
is where the focus is and that is where we are discussing and talking to 
our customers. The other good thing that is happening is the exports 
are picking up. Last year, we did almost Rs.456 crores of exports, which 
was almost, Rs.150-120 crores, more than the previous year. And this 
year, again, the projections are, and this growth quickly despite the 
chips shortage and the Ukraine war and Germany not picking up the 
total material that was committed to us. And we are hoping that, but the 
productions are coming back to normal there in Germany also, as well 
as in the US. And, the other things that we are noticing is that a lot of 
the companies in Europe, as well as in, US, they are looking at shifting 
the base of the supply base from China to India. And, we are seeing 
that and the projection of Rs.2,400 crores that we are talking of for this 
current year. We hoping to exceed that primarily because of exports, 
because, whatever we had, we had committed to various customers 
that demand is actually exceeding that. But anyway, that is the budget 
that we have taken at the moment. And we are hoping that we will 
exceed all that. So, I think the year will be a very interesting year. And, 
we are hoping that the profitability should also improve if you notice that 
we have been able to control our costs.  
 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
This year, again, there is a lot of effort that is on to control the cost 
further and to improve the margins. You would notice that quarter-on-
quarter, our EBITDA margins are improving and you will see a further 
jump. The other good thing that is happening is that the commodity 
prices are softening. And we are hoping that the lag and pad that used 
to be there, which is almost would be in the region of Rs.8-10 crores 
every quarter, or sometimes even Rs.15 crores that would not be there 
now. And we should start recovering some of the losses that we had 
incurred because of the lag in the pricing of the raw materials. There is 
a lag of almost three months to six months, depending on customer to 
customer. So, your company has declared a dividend of 40% this year, 
in yesterday's board meeting, this was cleared. And the other 
information that I would give you is that all the mergers that we have 
been discussing, I think by the month of August or latest by September, 
this should be over, our final date is in July. And it will probably take us 
about a month after that to get all the books in place. 
That is, it from me. And over to you all, we can go to the question answer 
if you like. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mukesh Modi from Modi 
Fincap. Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Modi: 
I have got couple of question Sir. First of all, thank you for the 0.40 
dividend, which is higher than last year and the merging of subsidiaries, 
which gives a good indication for the Rico Auto future. Now Sir, last time 
you said there is a lag of around Rs.10-Rs.12 crores for the aluminum, 
have you received in this quarter or still it is pending, sir? 
Arvind Kapur: 
The lag comes in every quarter and so when it is received it takes three 
months to recover the amount. So, that is a normal practice. Now from 
next quarter onwards, probably there would be a gain that we would be 
getting, there would not be a lag. And we are waiting for the situation 
because this commodity price increases have gone for a little too long. 
Now, I think for almost about a year and a half, two years, we have just 
been paying and the lag has always remained. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Mukesh Modi: 
So, now with your experience of all these years, we had been through 
a pretty tough time because there was a airlifting, then there was 
COVID, aluminum price, side packaging price and internet, looking to 
all these things with your experience, how do you foresee Rico Auto? 
Is that we are out of the woods and do you see a very clear picture for 
Rico Auto for the next couple of years? 
Arvind Kapur: 
See the airlifting and the other issues which are there, those are behind 
us now. And we, to be honest with you, we will be recovering a lot of it 
from our customers and because it was not totally our fault that the 
airlifting was taking place and that would come over time. But, we have 
got it to some extent and, I think about Rs.12 crores have already come. 
And, we think that the total funds that we are looking at is almost about 
Rs.30-40 crores. So, that would come, definitely this year. So, the 
customer is going into the total details. And once that will be finalized, 
then we will get it. Now, besides that if you notice the sea freights have 
gone up tremendously and some of the customers have already started 
adjusting the prices for the sea freight. And this would also be adjusted 
every quarter, and the others we are negotiating with, and we are very 
confident that the sea freight, would also be refunded to us and our 
productions are absolutely normal and we have plenty of capacities 
available, the same customers, like Knorr-Bremse etc., they are almost 
doubling to tripling, the number of components that they are buying from 
us year-on-year. And I think for the next three, four years, we see that 
doubling or triple taking place with, with some of the customers and all 
the other customers. Also, we are getting repeat orders and also, we 
are getting into the new programs, which they have come up with. 
Mukesh Modi: 
Great. So, can you give the breakup for this quarter for the two-wheeler, 
EV, CV and, PV, please, if it is possible? 
Arvind Kapur: 
This current year or the last year? 
Mukesh Modi: 
Yes. Current year. Q4 and year 2022. 
Arvind Kapur: 
See the two-wheeler was in the range of about 
Mukesh Modi: 
Yes. Just approximate, just to get the idea. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Arvind Kapur: 
I think two-wheeler ranges normally in the region of about 30% and the 
balance is either the cars or electric vehicle. Electric vehicle we are 
close to 15%-16%, and we will be growing further in that. It includes all 
the components that we supply to overseas and Indian market. And  our 
target should be 40% in the next few years that would come 
Mukesh Modi: 
For EV right? 
Arvind Kapur: 
For electrified vehicle. That includes the, hybrid as well. 
Mukesh Modi: 
CV, how we are ramping of this CV, Sir. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Commercial vehicle say we did pretty well. I can, I think I have just a 
minute. So, around 50% growth in our CV business. Yes. About 50% 
growth has happened this year. We touched about 145 crores in the 
commercial vehicles. And if you look at the four-wheelers, there's a 
growth of, almost about 25% there also. And, the export, I mentioned, 
we have grown by over 100 crores. 
Mukesh Modi 
And another one last year, I think we allocated to the CAPEX for around 
Rs.125 crores CB in Chennai out of that Rs.80 crore was spent. So, 
what is the scenario? This year, how much, what kind of CAPEX do you 
expect and how much we have spent out of these Rs.125 crores? 
Arvind Kapur: 
See, there is a balance of about, Rs.50 crores left for the, Toyota 
project, which will happen this year. And those are the large machines, 
which will keep on in fact they should start coming from next month 
onwards. 
Mukesh Modi: 
What about the other CAPEX and maintenance CAPEX? 
Arvind Kapur: 
The other maintenance CAPEX would be, I think, Rs.20-25 crores, so 
there will not be not too much CAPEX that way we are looking at. I am 
looking at the hardcore machine that we are talking of. 
Mukesh Modi: 
So, overall around Rs.75 crores, we will be spending this year, right? 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. About Rs.75 - Rs. 80 crores. That is what we will be spending and 
we are hoping that, and the other good thing is that most of the CAPEX 
that we had done last year, almost all of it will be used this year. It will 
be in some sort of a production or the other. 
Mukesh Modi: 
So, that effect will come in this year. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. It will start coming in this year and, the total effect will be next year. 
Mukesh Modi: 
There was one, news article about Toyota investing Rs.4,800 crores in 
Karnataka for power train is that any complement to our investment or 
is it separate all together? 
Arvind Kapur: 
It is absolutely the investment that we are doing. 
Mukesh Modi: 
Okay. And, about interest, what kind of debt? I mean, peak debt, we are 
anticipating this year. Our borrowing has gone up substantially from 
Rs.300 to Rs.400 crores. 
Arvind Kapur: 
See the borrowing is gone up partially because of the bill discounting 
that we have. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
And the borrowing should remain in the same region. As far as this 
current year is concerned and next year onwards it will start coming 
down. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
New borrowings and the repayment will almost balance out. 
Mukesh Modi:  
Okay. So, this would remain for this year, around this level? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. 
Mukesh Modi: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, what is the status of our Rico Jinfei? 
Arvind Kapur: 
For Rico Jinfei they have grown this year. But they could have grown 
much, last year, from Rs.148 crores they went to Rs.216 crores and the 
next year the target is to be Rs.319 crores. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Mukesh Modi: 
Oh, that is very good. 
Arvind Kapur: 
And the other company, Rico Fluidtronics, last year, they were at Rs.65 
crores next year they would be at Rs.130 crores. This is back-to-back, 
orders of Maruti Suzuki for the oil pumps or water pumps that we had 
bought from Maruti. 
Mukesh Modi: 
Lastly, on the personal note, please accept our condolences for          
Mrs. Kapur, Sir. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
I just wanted to know that when do we start operations for the Toyota 
project, specifically from the new capacities that we are installing? 
Management: 
We have already started the production and we are ramping up, now, 
and August onwards it would be peak and where the production is 
already started. And, the die cast machines and other machines, which 
are expected to come, those would add to our capacity. But at the 
moment we utilize the current machines which are with us. We took 
advantage of the chip shortage and some of the equipment was not 
being used for, Renault and, the other Kia and etc. So, we used those 
equipment and divert those capacities for the Toyota projects. So, the 
productions are already on. 
Aditya Sen: 
Thank you. And what would be the capacity utilization of the entire firm? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Utilization of capacity in the you are talking of the Toyota project? 
Aditya Sen: 
The Rico Auto as a whole? 
Arvind Kapur: 
As a whole now, if you are look at Bawal we are running at almost about, 
80%-85% capacity. And if you look Gurgaon facility in the iron division, 
we are at about 70%-75% capacity utilization, and we are ramping up 
further there. And if you look at the aluminum side, we are picking out 
we are about 80%-85% in the Bawal. In Chennai, the capacity utilization 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
was less because the chip shortage Renault and Nissan was slow and 
static Kia again, come back to full capacity. So, the equipment, which is 
related to Kia in Chennai that is running a full capacity, but Renault-
Nissan is running at about 30% less capacity. So, we are running at 
about 65%-70%, in Chennai. 
Aditya Sen: 
And one last question I like to reconfirm, you gave a target of Rs.2,400 
crores revenue for FY2023. Am I wrong? Or I heard that right. 
Arvind Kapur: 
To be exact it is Rs.2,350 crores. I did say 24 just to rounding all the 
figures, but, we are confident that we will exceed this 2350. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. That was my question. Thanks for your time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh from Renaissance. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh: 
So, you had mentioned, expected revenue of Rs.2350 crores. It is really 
very appealing figure, but in which you even mentioned that it will also 
be factoring the, you know, company shifting their bases from China to 
India. So, the expected, you know, the figure of Rs.2,350 crores 
inculcating them, these company shifting or your existing clients, or 
what? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Rs.2350 crores is what we have budgeted as per the orders we already 
have in hand, which we are executing at the moment. And what has 
happened is that the customers are actually picking up little more than 
whatever, indication they had given, but whatever is being transferred 
from China, those are the add-ons that will come. 
Harsh: 
Okay. That is an add on. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. Those add-ons, will be in, some of the current components as well 
as also new component, which will also come in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. I have got queries, one is now 
revenue of Rs.2,400 crores roundabout, given you mentioned the chip 
shortage will still continue the end of 2023. So, what gives us 
confidence or what is the risk we can see on this, number that you have 
mentioned? And my second query is revolved around your margins. 
Now, you did mention that commodity prices are softening and we have 
started covering from the lag of raw material prices. So, how do you see 
EBITDA margin going into FY2023? Yes, those are my, question 
Arvind Kapur: 
When I mentioned that Maruti is talking of 2.1 million, they've factored 
the chips that are going be available. This is the commitment that the 
chips suppliers in Malaysia, in, Taiwan and Indonesia they have given 
to Maruti Suzuki. And so that is based on that Maruti could have actually 
gone even beyond that. And, similarly, if you look at Kia and if you look 
at Renault-Nissan others, this year, the budget is solely based on the 
chips that have been committed by the supplier. So, when we've taken 
our budget in the 2 million industry, we have discounted slightly, mainly 
because of the past experience and two-wheeler industry, because the 
volume that we used to be declared was much higher. And, the two-
wheeler industry was unable to sell that many vehicles, but this year it 
appears that they would exceed that. But nevertheless, we just took a 
lesser margin and we are very confident that this year, unless of course 
there is escalation of the Ukraine war goes further and some other 
problems start happening, we do not see any reason why, we will not 
be able to achieve this. And, on the margins, you will see quarter-to-
quarters that the margins are improving. The air freights, those are not 
there anymore. And we are also getting a refund of air freight and the 
sea freight, some of the customers are already, given us the refund and 
the others would also give us, we are confident that those will be 
refunded to us and on the commodity front, the impact will start coming 
from next quarter onwards, obviously, because it is a lag that actually 
happens. And, so we will start seeing that change happening. Our 
margins target is 12% plus in any case, we are talking about 13% plus 
in the export business, our margins are much better than the domestic 
business. The two-wheeler industry is always the biggest challenge 
then of course, it is the car industry and commercial vehicles and then 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
the exports. And, so average out, we are hoping that, you will see every 
quarter, you will see a change in the margin, which will improve. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay but you mentioned, that the store commodity prices will start, 
reflecting in our numbers from Q2 onwards. Right? Next quarter. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. Partly this quarter also, but we are recovering for the previous 
quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And this entire FY2023, we are targeting 12%-13% margin right? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Well, it will 10% plus in any case that's but our entire target is 13%, to 
be honest with you, but I would recommend you 10%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, I understood. Fair enough. Okay. That is about it from my side. 
thank you very much all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from 
Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Couple of questions, Sir. One would be can you give us some, thoughts 
on how you will see debt evolving over a period of time? It’s fairly high, 
given your growth, therefore working capital requirements and against 
that cash flow. So, how do you see debt evolving over a period of time? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Your question is that how is the debt going to evolve over time? 
Karthi Keyan: 
Yes, debt Sir. You have currently about 600 crores of debt on your 
books. I suppose 
Rakesh Sharma:  
Yes, your point is right. That our working capital requirement is growing 
with the business. But along with that, we are, repaying our term loans. 
So, what is happening is that kind of balancing is happening. So, 
whatever additional requirement is there, but simultaneously we are 
repaying also. So, on that front, it is reducing. So, that is why we said 
that by the year end, we should expect almost the same level of debt. 
 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Arvind Kapur: 
I would like to tell you one as our export pick up the working capital 
requirements also go up, primarily because, earlier, it used to take up 
18 days to get the ship from India, Mumbai, to, any European port and 
about 30 days for US. Now, the time is almost a month and a half to two 
months for Europe. And, in some cases there are waiting outside the 
ports in US. So, what is happening is there are more goods, on the sea. 
And, as a result of it, we had to pump in more materials. And, so if you 
look at the total cycle time, it is almost hundred days before we get a 
payment from our customers, but all our customers, we do not sell to 
the aftermarket overseas. We sell only to companies like BMW, 
Caterpillar, Cummins, Knorr-Bremse, these sort of companies. And we 
get our payments always in time within 30 days. As the exports 
increase, now, we are going to 550 crores next year. And we will 
probably go beyond that also. And as exports go up our, but then the 
cost of money in for export is much lower. That is the other advantage 
we have 
Karthi Keyan: 
Okay, the other point, that you guided that, your EV revenues, revenues 
from EV segment would go to 40% over a period of time from 15%-16% 
currently. What part of this is, in your order book currently in terms of 
visibility? I am not saying in terms of, concrete orders, but at least in 
terms of visibility and what part of it is still continued upon business 
development. 
Arvind Kapur: 
See the current, components that we supplied to us, these components 
when the orders were placed on us, these are all under a hundred 
thousand. And, the way they EV picked up in Europe because of the 
subsidies that the government was giving and also the requirements of 
BMW and PSA and, Stellantis and the other companies, their 
requirement was that they had to meet the, CAFE norm and to meet the 
CAFE norms they had to sell more elective vehicle to balance on the 
total, carbon emission that they have. And for that purposes, that 
demand instead of 100,000 started taking up 250,000 to 300,000 
components of those for the electric vehicles. And, Sandeep this is the 
five, and now we're going to the six, am I right? We are going to Gen6 
now, and for the Gen6 BMW and others, they are planning almost 1.5 
to 2 million vehicles to be produced in   electric. And for that, we are 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
there. And instead of 200,000 or 300,000 components, we are talking 
are 1.5 to 2 million component that we are talking of. And it's a set of 
components. It's not only one component, it's a set of four, five or six 
components that actually come up. So. it multiplies actually, if I look at 
one individual customer. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And, and what timeframe are we looking at, Sir, year for these? 
Arvind Kapur: 
At 2024, is when the production of Gen6 starts and, the order should be 
placed any time. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Calendar 24, you mean? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. Calendar. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And last question, Sir, would be entirely ferrous casting and HPDC, or 
would you also be looking at LPDC or gravity die casting, in your 
portfolio? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Our, focus is primarily on, aluminum die casting cause in the electric 
primarily, they are light, they need lightweight and, it is mainly the 
aluminum die cast components. And, but there are few iron component, 
which also go to the electric vehicle and, but the iron component of 
growth is also taking place because of Knorr-Bremse etc., which is 
partly railways also. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And beyond high pressure die casting, would we also be looking at low 
pressure die casting as such? 
Arvind Kapur: 
We do a lot of low pressure die casting, aluminum these are all gravity 
casting and we do a lot of it. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Sure. And, and what would be the pending CAPEX? So, you said in 
FY2023 and FY2024? 
Arvind Kapur: 
This year, we are expecting around 80. That's what we had said. And, 
next year, whenever we do CAPEX, it is always 100% based back-to-
back, on some orders. If I get that 1.8 million component order from 
BMW, there would be investments involved. But there would be, also 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
some of the current investments would also get transferred into that. 
So, at the moment, I might not be able to tell you the exact figure, 
because there is a lot of minute calculations that is actually happening 
at the moment, but there would be a lot of adjustment of capacities that 
would happen. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Allow me to ask you one question Sir, you know, what happens in the 
chemical industry is that a lot of, advances are issued by the customers, 
in lieu of these capacities dedicated, especially do you foresee a similar 
trend happening here by any time. 
Arvind Kapur: 
In the auto world, anything specific to our component where we make 
an investment, we always make the customer pay us in advance. That 
includes this die that includes the jigs and fixtures, a special tooling, 
which are required, the general-purpose machines, like die casting 
machines and, machining lines. Those are the places where do the 
investments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhaskara Datla an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Bhaskara Datla: 
Hero actually started starting electric vehicle right from July onwards. 
Do we have any orders related to the electric vehicle from Hero? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Wherever Hero is involved, we will always be there. 
Bhaskara Datla: 
And the second question is like, do you have any kind of R&D related 
to electric components, if you have like how many players we have 
working on actually to do kind some kind of R&D component rather than 
actually waiting for customer? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Let me give you one interesting answer. You know, when the electric 
vehicle these new components that we got from, BMW and also the 
other customers, the PSA and others, a lot of R&D was ours because 
you cannot use just any aluminum alloy in this. There's a very special 
aluminum alloy which was totally 100% recommended by us, which is 
actually being adopted by the total industry now because of conduction, 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
etc. So, it is a lot of work that our company, my engineers, my people 
have actually put into that. So, that suggestion was, was actually ours. 
Bhaskara Datla: 
Okay. The second question is, do you have any separate team actually 
to focus only on electric side, related components, business? Do you 
have any kind of management team specifically focusing on this part? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Absolutely. There's a separate team which looks after this. 
Bhaskara Datla: 
The final question is like in my previous, how many related transactions 
we have with the promotor company. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Related transactions? No, actually we have, we have a hundred percent 
subsidiaries, who are supplying manufacturing for Rico, and now they 
are in the process of merging and by August, we are expecting that all 
those subsidiaries will get merged. So, there is no related party 
transition that is going to have after that, except for the other 
subsidiaries that that will remain, after merger also. The bulk of the 
transactions are with our hundred percent subsidiaries. 
Bhaskara Datla: 
Okay. That's it. Thank you thank much for taking the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Aditya Sen from 
Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
So, do we stick to the margin guidance of 11% going forward. 
Arvind Kapur: 
I am committing 10%, but 11%? We, we will probably cross 11% also 
by the year end. 
Aditya Sen: 
By the year end. 
Arvind Kapur: 
You will see the change every quarter. There are a couple of reasons 
for this one is, of course, there is more efficiency now working, number 
two, where we have been able to cutdown lot of costs. And number 
three is the introduction of new component, which come in, the new 
components when they come in, they are at better margin. And that 
impacts the overall situation in the company. So, that also we do not 
like component, which lasts for 20 years. We like components, which 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited  
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
needs a change within five to seven years. So, whenever we quote a 
fresh, our margins are much better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Thank you so much for taking our time to be with us today. And, we are, 
very confident of this year and hopefully, the Ukraine war does not 
expand further. And, if it, remains only there, we all hope that we get 
over it. Russia is expected to get over the water in 15 days, but it has 
been 97 days now. Hopefully this, war should end. And if that happens, 
the market will grow even further. But having said that, the Indian 
market will grow. The US market is growing. Now even the European 
market is, has opened up. And, so we are very confident that. This year 
budget, we have been little conservative in taking it, but we are fairly 
confident. We have the capacities in place and except for the die casting 
machine, which are coming for Toyota project. But those capacities 
would by and large start getting used by the end of year and also for the 
next year onwards where we will be running full capacities. And, 
besides that we have enough capacities placed to cross even Rs. 2400 
crores. So, we are very confident that we will meet our target with better 
margins. And, you will see the results on quarter-to-quarter and 
hopefully there is no crash as far as the commodity, the concerned. The 
other thing that is bothering us is the oil prices. We hope that the 
government of India tries to keep it under some control otherwise, that 
could be one spoiler in the whole thing that could also happen. Thank 
you so much for attending the conference and hopefully we will give you 
some even better news the next time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of S-Ancial Technologies Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
