 
 
UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED: VALUABLE TECHNO PARK, PLOT 53/1, ROAD 07, MIDC, ANDHERI (E), MUMBAI 400 093   T: +91 022 4030 5060 
E: CORPORATE@UFOMOVIEZ.COM CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER: L22120MH2004PLC285453 WWW.UFOMOVIEZ.COM                                           
GST IN: 27AABCV8900E1ZF 
 
 
 
June 2, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
                      
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
                 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Fax: 022 – 2272 3121 
BSE Scrip Code: 539141 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 
400 051 
Fax : 022- 2659 8237/ 38 
NSE Symbol: UFO 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript for the Q4&FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on May 27, 2022 
 
ln continuation to our letter dated May 24, 2022 and May 27, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with Part A of Schedule lll of the Regulation, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference 
Call held on Friday, May 27, 2022, at 12:00 p.m. for discussing the Company’s Q4&FY22 financial results and 
the 
same 
has 
been 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.ufomoviez.com/sites/default/files/UFO_Investors/Financials/FY_22/Earnings%20Call%20Trans
cript%20Q4%26FY22.pdf  
 
Request you to take it on record and disseminate it on your website. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFO Moviez India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Kavita Thadeshwar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a  
 
 

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
Q4&FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
 
                        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KAPIL AGARWAL - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH MISHRA – PRESIDENT AND GROUP CEO, UFO MOVIES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH MALUSHTE - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LIMITED  
 
ANALYST: 
 
Ms. SHWETA SHEKHAWAT – PRABHUDAS LILLADHER 
 
 

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFO Moviez India limited Q4&FY22 earnings 
conference call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Shweta Shekhawat from Prabhudas Lilladher. Thank you and over to you, Mam. 
Shweta Shekhawat: 
Thanks Rutuja. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I welcome you all to the Q4&FY22 earnings call of UFO 
Moviez India Limited. We have with us the management represented by Mr. Kapil Agarwal, Joint 
Managing Director of the company, Mr. Rajesh Mishra, President and Group CEO of the company, and 
Mr. Ashish Malushte, the CFO of the company. I would now like to hand over the call to the management 
for opening remarks after which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Sir.   
Kapil Agarwal: 
Thank you Shweta and greetings everyone and thank you all for joining our Q4&FY22 earnings call.  
 
Let me start with the updates and highlights for this quarter. Q4FY22 was expected to start on a positive 
note because of the overwhelming response to movies that were released in November and December 2021, 
respectively. However, during the last week of December, the third wave of COVID-19 had started to 
spread across the country. As an impact of the surge in cases and ensuing restrictions, some states ordered 
the temporary closure of cinemas in January’22 while many other states reinforced occupancy restrictions. 
Due to this, big movies that were supposed to release in January were deferred to a later date and only some 
movies from the regional film industries were released. However, the impact of the third wave was short-
lived and cinemas that closed during this period started to reopen in February. Even though the cinemas 
across India were operational in February, there were not many releases during this month except for some 
movies like Badhai Do, Gangubai Kathiawadi, etc. The actual flow of new releases began in March and 
many mega-hit movies like The Kashmir Files, Radhe Shyam, RRR, etc. were released and were successful 
in attracting audiences back to the cinemas. This is encouraging for the business, as it will encourage 
advertisers to increase their advertising budget allocation towards in-cinema advertising. In addition, the 
removal of occupancy restrictions in the first week of March’22 gave a head start to the recovery process 
and lead to a bounce-back in our CDC/VPF revenues during the month.  
The decision to remove the occupancy restrictions by State Governments was a welcoming decision for 
which the industry had been waiting for since the beginning of the pandemic. This should fast pace the 
recovery going forward.  
Another positive development that I would like to highlight is that the acceptance of select South movies 
in the northern circuit has led to more movies from South releasing in the northern circuit, which is 
encouraging for our business. This is because earlier most South movies were only released in the southern 
region and we earned CDC revenue from there. Now as more of these movies will be released in the 
northern circuit, it will offer potential benefit to our CDC revenues. We have been supporting the wider 
release of south and other regional movies through our distribution business in the northern circuit.  
Going forward, we expect a steady revival in business as our CDC revenues have already seen a bounce 
back supported by the steady release of big films. Advertisement revenue has also started, however, is 
expected to grow gradually. We believe FY23 to be a year of substantial recovery for the business subject 
to no further pandemic-induced restrictions.  

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
Now coming to the headline numbers for the quarter and full year ended March 31, 2022. 
Consolidated revenue stood at ₹561 million in Q4FY22 as compared to ₹335 million in Q4FY21. EBITDA 
loss in Q4FY22 was ₹119 million as compared with an EBITDA loss of ₹159 million in Q4FY21. Loss at 
PAT level was at ₹189 million as compared to a loss of ₹255 million in Q4FY21.  
For the full year FY22, the consolidated revenue stood at ₹1,639 million as compared to ₹922 million in 
FY21. EBITDA loss reduced to ₹472 million as compared to ₹837 million in FY21. Loss at PAT level 
stood at ₹869 million as compared to a loss of ₹1,176 million in FY21. 
The consolidated funds position of the Company as of March 2022 stood at ₹1,190 million. On the debt 
front, the Company is net debt free with net cash of ₹320 million.     
Lastly, I would like to inform you all that as I turn 62 later this year, I have decided to step down from 
active management of the Company. However, I will continue to serve the Company as a Non-Executive 
Director. Mr. Rajesh Mishra, presently President and Group CEO of the Company, will take over my role 
and is being elevated to the position of Executive Director. He has been associated with the Company since 
inception and is currently responsible for overall operations of the Company. I wish him the very best for 
future.  
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our stakeholders for their continued trust in the Company 
during these unforeseen times.  
With that, I open the floor to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Niteen Dharmawat from Aurum Capital.  
Niteen Dharmawat: 
The employee benefit expenses have gone up substantially. Is this going to be the trend in the subsequent 
quarters as well or is it just one-off increase during this quarter? 
Ashish Malushte: 
The increase in Q4FY22 expenses over Q3FY22 is because of the increase in the employee compensation 
expenses that has gone up by ₹8.87 crore quarter-on-quarter. I would like to inform you that the employees 
had been on salary cuts all through the two years of the pandemic. It was only when the theatrical business 
started opening up towards the end of December’21 before Omicron, we decided to reinstate the salary 
cuts. As a result, out of this ₹ 8.87 crore of increase, ₹4.03 crore is completely towards salary reinstatement. 
Additionally, for two years there was no salary hike and yet the employees stayed with the company for a 
long time. However, lately, some of the talents slowly started leaving, it was necessary to retain them, and 
as a result, the salary increments were rolled out in December’21. The impact of this was close to ₹2.34 
crore. The combined impact of salary reinstatement and salary hike was ₹6.37 crore out of ₹8.87 crore and 
remaining was annual incentives, which is more like a one-time cost. Q4FY22 salary expense will more or 
less be the same going forward except for ~₹1.50 crore that is like a one-time expense. Rest you can assume 
that as a base for extrapolating our salary cost for next year.  
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Considering the business situation in Q1FY23, would it be fair to say that the Company will turn EBITDA 
positive during this quarter? 
Ashish Malushte: 
This quarter certainly will be a challenge because we are still slowly getting out of the COVID-related 
problem. However, the film industry has come back with a big bang and that is a big positive for us. Never  

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 
in the past, we have seen that consistently for four months there had been back-to-back releases that were 
backed by audiences and the box office collection was going up significantly for almost every movie. 
Earlier, only a few such hits used to be there annually but currently in three months, you had 4 to 5 hits 
back-to-back. It is positive for the film exhibition industry but for the service providers like UFO, to get 
the benefit it will still have some lag. As we progress, our losses should start reducing, and then we will 
turn EBITDA positive where a significant contribution needs to come from advertisement revenue. Our 
advertisement revenue is slowly coming back on track, but it will be some time before we could actually 
reach a stage of pre-COVID level or even a level where the EBITDA will turn positive. At present, we do 
not want to give an estimate but we are keeping all eyes on the consistency in the release of the movies and 
acceptance of these movies by audiences. If these two things happen, the return of audiences to the theaters 
will give the confidence to advertisers to look at the medium more positively. Once this happens, the 
Company will reach an EBITDA positive level quickly, but we do not want to give any timing estimate for 
that.  
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Most of the industries that were impacted by the pandemic have started to reach pre-covid levels of the 
topline. When do you estimate that we will be able to reach our pre-COVID topline? Also, since we have 
started some new businesses like the distribution business which now would have picked up, when do you 
think this could happen. 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Our revenues comprises of advertisement revenue and theatrical revenues i.e. rental, CDC, and others. The 
release of films and steady flow of content into the cinemas has steadily increased and there is a very good 
lineup going forward. Additionally, South films have also started performing well in the North circuit 
(Hindi speaking markets), which has led to an increase in the number of small and big films that will release 
in the North. As a result, CDC and rental revenue will quickly come back to normal and is well on track to 
recovery. Advertising revenue will take some time, especially the government advertising, which still has 
to see some uptake, whereas corporate advertising has started to see good traction. On the government 
front, we have some concerns and that is where we are working. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Ajmera from Nirzar Securities. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
My question was regarding advertisement revenue. As given in the presentation, inventory utilization is 
0.94 sec. This less than one minute/average minutes sold? 
Ashish Malushte: 
It is the average minutes sold per show. It means that average advertisement inventory utilization on our 
network was less than a minute per show during the pandemic. It shows the upside that is possible. If you 
go and watch a movie in a premium Multiplex, in a good festive season the advertisement can go as high 
as 20 to 25 minutes including advertisements played during the intermission and at the beginning of the 
show. The point you are referring to from the presentation shows where exactly we stand on our network 
and the opportunity that exists on the volume front. It's an indication of what kind of upside exists in the 
volume. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
The advertising sharing with exhibitors as a percentage is higher than in the earlier years. Is there some 
renegotiation with our exhibitors in the sharing? 
 
 

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
We have a minimum guaranteed arrangement with the theaters. We charge a fixed rental fee to the theatres 
and against that rental fee we take the advertisement right from them. In a normal scenario, advertisement 
revenue that we earn is to be shared on a percentage basis with them. However, we also have a clause right 
from the beginning where we commit a minimum guaranteed sum to them, which is generally equal to the 
rental amount. Rental is revenue and our minimum guarantee is a cost that gets nearly set off against each 
other. The minimum guarantee cost when you compare it with the advertising revenue in a pre-COVID 
scenario, the percentage was quite low. In the current scenario when the revenues are lower, the percentage 
will be more because of the minimum guaranteed arrangements. However, there are no major deals where 
we have renegotiated except for some. Primarily, the percentage is high because the revenue is low 
currently. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
We have given some discounts on the Virtual Print Fee during the pandemic. Are we now back to full 
pricing? 
Rajesh Mishra: 
During the pandemic to encourage the opening of cinemas and for the films to release, we had extended 
discounts in the initial period. In addition, one of the reason was cinemas in many states were shut, and 
even where the cinemas had opened they were operating with capacity restrictions. In order to support the 
industry during those times, we had extended these discounts. However, we are glad to inform you that all 
the discounts have been removed. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
Can you share some outlook on the distribution business? 
Rajesh Mishra: 
We started the distribution business during the pandemic period. The primary need that we felt over here 
was to help cinemas open and someone had to take the lead to ensure that some content flows. We saw this 
as an opportunity and got into the distribution business. The way we have structured it and the mandate 
that we have with the team is that it is a zero-risk low profit strategy business. It serves the dual aim of 
providing content to the cinemas and once the cinemas get content, it provides traction to the advertising 
business. Primarily, we have worked with South Indian films and have helped them to release movies in 
the Hindi speaking markets. One of the offshoots of this is that more South Indian films are seeing traction 
in the North market. This will help us in the long run because if the number of films released in the north 
market increases, it will directly have positive impact on our CDC and advertising revenue in the future. 
To date, we have released around 35 films in various languages. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
What would be the revenue from this? 
Rajesh Mishra: 
The revenue is low because a lot of them were released during the pandemic period but we have not incurred 
any losses. The revenue on that is around ₹63 lakh in Q4FY22. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
Could you give us some updates on the new ventures? Also, we have invested in a few companies picking 
up small stakes. Some updates on that as well. 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Any particular ones you would want to mention. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
We have picked a stake in a production company where we are a Co-producer of some regional films. We 
also have a stake in an online library of information, and have some initiatives where we have a social 
media agency. 
 

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
 
Rajesh Mishra: 
We had invested in Mumbai Movie Studios Private Limited (MMSPL). The company primarily targets 
low-budget films from the regional market and is designed to get into the production of these films along 
with the producers on the co-production model. All the films that are looked at already have the producers 
and the Company only invests a part into it and takes a position. The typical way the deals that are worked 
out in this is the flow of regional content pan-India. To give you a perspective, Hindi films are big-budget 
films. They carry a much higher risk and even one film failure of say ₹100 crore can have a very drastic 
impact on the Company. Here, we took a position over small budget films between ₹2 crore to ₹4 crors. 
We have released three films under this category as of now under MMSPL and have had a good experience. 
We've not lost money on any of these projects. 
Ashish Malushte: 
 This Company is promoted by the professionals in this field and therefore we decided to back them. It is 
operated independently of UFO. For us, the major synergetic advantage was the focus they have on giving 
impetus to the regional films of a lower budget.  If we see that kind of genre and category picking up in 
terms of the production number, it directly helps us because any increase in the number of films would be 
better for VPF or CDC revenue and more importantly lead to higher occupancy in the theater directly 
affecting our advertisement revenue positively. Therefore, we are looking at how many more movies they 
can make and whether they can give that kind of rub-off effect to other producers to create more movies, 
and simultaneously whatever profit is generated, a part of it flows to us. Whatever movies they have made 
so far, have made a reasonable profit and have not lost money so far. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
Other expenses have increased substantially in this quarter. Are there any one-offs like salaries in the other 
expenses as well? 
Ashish Malushte: 
 If you refer to slide 11 of the earnings presentation, there is a note that highlights the provisioning done 
during the quarter for the diminution in the value of one of the investments. That is the one-time impact of 
₹4.1 crore. When you are looking at the EBITDA, the one-time impact of ₹4.1 crore should not be 
considered for the evaluation of the Company’s performance for Q4FY22 and the full year FY22.  
Akshay Ajmera: 
What is this regarding? 
Ashish Malushte: 
This is related to one of the investments that were done before the pandemic. We thought that it had and 
still believe has a synergetic value to our business. Unfortunately, during the pandemic, the whole film 
industry came to a grinding halt and no revenue was generated. Now what happens is while on a business 
front you will always have a view and can see in a way where the business is leading. However, from the 
accounting perspective the norms do not allow you to carry the cost of the investment unless your current 
performance or past performance is justifying it, and because of which these provisions in the value are 
required to be taken. Currently, it is the provision and not a direct cost of diminution in the value. Hopefully, 
now when the business is coming back on track for the entire film industry and when this company also 
turns around we will be able to reverse this impact. However, if it does not go in that direction, then 
probably this will be a permanent hit to us.   
Akshay Ajmera: 
Is there any other reason? The other expenses have also gone up substantially. 
Ashish Malushte: 
To give you a more realistic way of looking at other expenses that you can generally refer to as SG&A 
expenses. Full-year SG&A expenses are about ₹48 crore and for the quarter it is ₹20 crore. From this ₹20 
crore, if you remove ₹4.1 crore of provisioning and two other items which are more like direct expenses,  

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
 
you come to a level of ₹14 crore. This translates into an annualized cost of ₹57 crore of SG&A. The pre-
pandemic level of SG&A was in the range of ₹80 crore in FY19 and ₹77 crore in FY20. During the 
pandemic, we had undertaken several cost optimization measures, which lead to SG&A expenses in the 
pandemic coming down in the range of ₹42 to ₹44 crore from a level of ₹78 to ₹80 crore. However, from 
Q4FY22 onwards the business is coming back on track and most of these expenses are coming back, which 
were their pre-pandemic. However, we are still able to reduce these expenses in many places and because 
of which Q4FY22 annualized is ₹57 crore against ₹80 crore of pre-pandemic level. We're expecting that 
as we progress and the business comes back completely, other expenses from this ₹57 crore annualized 
level will move up by about say 15%-20% as we close the year, but still will be lower than the FY20 level. 
That is where we have got the cost reductions or cost optimization. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
Are we comfortable with the funds that we have raised or we may need to raise more funds in the future? 
Ashish Malushte: 
Yes, the fund position is comfortable. Fortunately, we can safely say that the pandemic has come to an end 
and Omicron was also a one-month phenomenon. The whole world is going north in terms of revival and 
the same should hold for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Hazari from Robo Capital.  
Akhil Hazari: 
When would you reach ₹200 crore of advertisement business? Would it be in FY24?  
Ashish Malushte: 
Hopefully soon, but at present, we are not even three months into a full-fledged operation. Advertisers have 
started coming back and we hope that it will be fast-paced from here. In one of the previous questions, we 
highlighted that the volume headroom is very high. At present, to give any estimate on timing is not possible 
and even not fair to ask the advertisement team to say when we will reach that level. We should only see 
how the incremental progress is and in the last three months, it has been quite positive. We will keep 
connecting over these calls and updating you all on the performance. 
Akhil Hazari: 
What is the operating cash flow for this quarter and the outlook for FY23? 
Ashish Malushte: 
We will not be able to give an operating cash flow outlook for FY23 at present. Any outlook will mean 
that we will be giving an outlook on the business, which we normally as a policy do not give. However, 
we give a very clear indication of how the business is heading on a short-run and long-run basis. I can 
surely share with you through my IR team the current level of operating cash flows if we may connect with 
you offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from VMSPL capital.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
What was your VPF revenue contribution in terms of percentage pre-pandemic and if you could give us an 
update on the latest stance by producers on paying VPF at current rates. 
Ashish Malushte: 
VPF is a content delivery charge, which we charge to the distributors for providing the service of taking 
their movies into various theaters in a secured way and getting it played. Generally, we charge VPF/CDC 
on a per-show basis. Your question was on the margin. My request is whenever you get a chance refer our 
Q4FY20 presentation. As you may not have it handy now, I will tell you which slide to refer. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
No, no, I was asking how much is VPF sales as a percentage of total sales. 
 

UFO Moviez India Limited                                   
 
                          May 27, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
 
Ashish Malushte: 
Ok. In FY20, what we call a distributor revenue was 31% out of the total operating revenue. The remaining 
two were exhibitor revenue and advertisement revenue. Currently, that proportion will be slightly higher. 
As of FY22, the distributor share is 33%. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
At some point there was some sort of agitation from the producers on the VPF fees and their intention of 
paying were not to the extent of the fees charged. What is the latest update on this? 
Rajesh Mishra: 
I would not say agitation. What had happened during the lockdown was, that cinemas were shut in many 
states, and wherever they had opened, they were operating with occupancy restrictions, which affected their 
revenues. So there were requests and we had also proactively given discounts on VPF/CDC so that the 
films could start releasing in cinemas. Ultimately, the goal was that the cinemas open up and the release of 
films increases. To encourage this we had given discounts. However, as I mentioned earlier we have 
stopped all discounts and we are currently charging full rates. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Just to confirm this was not an agitation on their side, it was a COVID issue, which caused this. 
Rajesh Mishra: 
That’s right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shweta 
Shekhawat for her closing comments.  
Shweta Shekhawat: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, we would like to thank the management of UFO Moviez 
and the participants. Good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of UFO Moviez India Limited that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The transcript has been edited for language and grammar; it, however, may not be a verbatim representation of the call. 
