 
 
 
 
 
June 03, 2022 
 
The Manager  
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager – Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai-400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532341 
NSE Symbol: IZMO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Post Earnings Call - Submission of Transcript 
 
This is further to our letters dated May 25, 2022 and May 31, 2022, on the captioned subject. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (as amended), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings 
(Conference) Call held on Friday, May 31, 2022. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company www.izmoltd.com. 
 
Kindly take this information on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
for IZMO Limited 
 
 
  
      
Danish Reza 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Enc: As Above 
 

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“IZMO Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SONI - MANAGING DIRECTOR - IZMO 
LIMITED 
MR. DANISH REZA – COMPANY SECRETARY – IZMO 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
                                                                
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator:     
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q4 & FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of IZMO Limited. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectation of the company as on date of this call. The 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Soni, Managing 
Director, IZMO Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
 
Sanjay Soni:   
Thank You Rahul! Good afternoon everyone. I would like to wish you all a 
very warm welcome to IZMO Ltd.’s earnings conference call for the fourth 
quarter and year ended 31st March 2022. 
 
I would like to begin by expressing my gratitude to you all for taking the time 
to join us today. We have on call with us, Mr. Tej Soni, President Izmocars 
who is based on United States and heads complete International Operations 
and Bridge IR, our investor relations team. 
 
Since this is our maiden earnings conference call, I would like to share a brief 
overview of our Company and its recent developments, before we get into the 
business and financial performance. Brief background about the Company. 
IZMO Ltd. was established in 1995 as a software development company, 
specializing in SAP solutions and CRM implementations, and became public 
listed in 1999. It was known as Logix Microsystem Limited when it was 
incorporated. IZMO has grown over the years through rigorous R&D and 
product development to carve a niche for itself as specialists in online 
automotive marketing. 
 
Based out of Bengaluru, India, the Company has offices across the US, France 
and Belgium, with a strong market foothold in these regions. We entered the 
European markets in 2008 through our interactive media studio in Belgium. 
Today, we have products in across France, Spain, Italy and Portugal, among 
others. Majority of our revenue comes from the US, through our subsidiary 
izmocars Inc. Our core expertise in the automotive sector and our long-
standing associations with OEM’s and dealerships across the US and Western 
Europe have given us a strong brand name in the industry. Some of our 
marquee clients include Stellantis Group, Renault Retail Group, Mitsubishi 
Motors France, Toyota, Ford, major rental car companies and Microsoft, 
among others. 
 
Our product suite has also expanded over the years to encompass online 
marketing solutions, data analytics (through our Frog Data product offering), 

 
                                                                
Page 3 of 16 
and computer generated imagery (CGI), under which we have some gaming-
related graphics projects underway. Some of our more recent product 
developments include an interactive VR-based demo for generating 
experiencing test drive leads for new Cars. I will show you a little glimpse of 
that later on after I finish this speech. 
 
We take pride in the fact that Izmo is today the world largest producer of 
interactive media content globally and the market leader in this category 
unique value-addition that our products offer to customers, which sets them 
aside from the competition, and a offer a superior return on investment for 
our clients. This is also one of the reasons why we have a relatively high level 
of client-stickiness. 
 
Going ahead, we have a multi-pronged growth strategy – our focus is on three 
or four main areas: 
1. Expanding a business on USA which has emerged as strong online market 
post Covid. 
2. Introducing our existing products into our new Geographies where we 
are tragetting to enter the Spanish market as of now. 
3. Launch of Izmo Emporium our 3D online Retail showrrom in various 
Countries starting with US. 
I will show you small demo of Izmo Emporium now. Its visible I hope its 
visible to everyone. 
 
Moderator:  
Yes, Sir Its Visible. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
There is no music with this but. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
I will show the small demo on the VR. Now coming to some recent 
development. As you all are aware during the last year an half the world has 
witnessed an unprecedented calamity in the form of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
which brought the whole supply chain and entire economies to a staggering 
halt. It impacted every aspect of our lives, from personal lifestyle to 
businesses and industry worldwide. Like every other business, we were also 
impacted by the economic downturn that the pandemic brought. During this 
fiscal year, the second wave led to more lockdowns in the initial months. 
However, with our unique products offering and geographical reach, we were 
able to navigate these turbulent times well. Infact, the Company continued on 
its growth trajectory over the last year, reflecting its resilience and product 
appeal. The Pandemic has also created new opportunities for us as there is 
trend for online sale of Cars all over the world. Mercedes Benz and Stellantis 
recently announced they are moving mostly online sale in near future. This 
advantage for us because we are the leading provider of Interactive media 
content, powers online retail though the competitors has the content library 
that we had and it’s an increase in demand for it and in last year. 
 
 
 
The past year has been very eventful for us. We continued to expand our 
footprint in existing geographies with several new client additions. We have 
also been growing our pocket market share from existing clients with a range 
of products. During the past few months, we added over 17 clients across 
Europe including major online portal in France including BymyCars and 300 

 
                                                                
Page 4 of 16 
new clients in United States. These new association indicates the value that 
customers finds in our place. Moreover I am really glad to share that we have 
launched some new innovative products over the last few months. Most 
recently, we launched izmoEmporio, a new CGI-based 3D virtual showroom 
for auto dealers which I just showed you a little glimpse of and FrogBI an 
enterprise analytics toolkit. These developments reflect our motto to 
continuously invest in R&D and product development, to stay ahead of the 
industry. 
 
 
Going forward, we are exploring suitable opportunities for inorganic 
expansion in the US to capitalize on the scope for expansion there. With the 
anticipated growth in the new fiscal year, we are well positioned to grow 
sustainably. We are also investing heavily and we are to take care of to take 
advantage of the metaverse, which is emerging globally. So, just as small 
demo of the we are offering which we are working on. 
 
 
Now turning to our Financial Performance fourth quarter that is Q4 and FY 22 
we reported to be 37.8 growth revenues during Q4 FY 22. 9.76% 
Year on year rise, growth was driven by new projects and client additions in 
key markets. Our EBITDA excluding other income for the quarter standard 
8.02 crores while EBITDA margin is 21.23% lower by 836 steps. Higher travel 
and legal expenses incurred during the period impacted margins. Our PAT 
during this quarter is 6.03 crores against 5.06 crores in the fourth quarter FY 
21. Net profit margin stood at 15.94%. EPS for this quarter is at Rs. 4.51. For 
full year FY22. 
 
We reported Rs. 132.43 Cr in revenues during FY22, a 14.02% year-on-year 
rise. Growth was driven by strong rise in new clients and new product 
launches in the US and Europe. 
 
Our EBITDA excluding other income for the period stands at Rs. 23.63 Cr. 
while EBITDA margin is 17.84%, a decline of 538 bps. Continued investment 
in our skilled workforce, including issue of ESOPs during the year, had a 
bearing on margins. 
 
Our PAT during this year is Rs. 16.04 cr. as against Rs. 26.66 cr. in FY21. Net 
profit margin stood at 12.11%. 
 
Our large chunk of profits in FY 21 was due to other income which accrued on 
relisation of claims which we filed against Companies who had used our IP 
without paying so a major chunk of income in FY21 was from their. Net profit 
margin stood at 12.11%. EPS for this period is Rs. 12.04. 
 
That is all from our side we are now open to take questions. Thank you! 
 
Moderator:  
Thank You Sir, now We will now begin the questions and answers session. 
Anyone wishing to ask a question may signal so by raising hand or putting 
the question in chat box. We will wait a moment till the question que is 
assembled. Thank you. 
 
 

 
                                                                
Page 5 of 16 
Danish Reza:  
    Mr. Darshil you can put your question forward. 
 
Darshil:     
Yeah, actually the Company’s new product, look very fantastic so 
congratulations on that. I just wanted to know what we expect in terms of 
growth in terms of revenue and profitability in the next quarter and year 
term. Will the quarter term number be sustainable and how much will be the 
growth for that 
 
 
Tej Soni:  
Yeah, we expect about 30 to 40% growth over the next. In the next financial 
year driven primarily by new products that we have coming out in the 
market. There's we, namely IzmoEmporio which is very timely, and it's going 
to take a little time to gain traction because it's such a new product, but we 
expect in the second half of the year, for it to get traction. The data analytics 
product is also getting a lot of traction in the US, because the market is 
matured and there is a big need for data driven Decision Analytics, in the 
automotive industry, the virtual reality product will start showing results in 
the year, 2023, because it's this is, this is the year of actually developing the 
platform and getting ready to launch during the end of the year, a soft launch 
in Q1 of 23 is expected, but that's a very futuristic product, given what you see 
from Facebook definition of the metaverse being the big area of growth. The 
one problem they have is lack of content, and especially in the automotive 
segment there is no content provider as well established as us so we intend to 
capitalize on that. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
We were actually going to release the VR. 2 years ago, but then CoVID hit and 
then it put our plans back by two years we have now taken it up in earnest 
and we hope to launch it in early next year. So these are going to drive 
growth, as well as profitability will improve. Definitely, we are definitely 
looking at an improvement and prosperity, we can't quantify it at this point 
but there will be a definite improvement in the margins. 
 
Darshil:  
So will it be fair to assume that we could go back to FY 21 margins? Will that 
be a fair assumption? 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
The FY 21 margin had a lot of the other income component in it. So, we will 
definitely improve the operating margin, as compared to a FY 22. FY 22 dip 
because of lot of factors but we will come back to definitely a fight 21 or even 
try and better it the operating margins, not counting the other income 
element.  
Tej Soni:  
So, FY 21 actually had a very interesting part where we were able to go after 
copyright infringers and recover substantial amounts that was basically lost 
license fee, but it also establishes the value of our IP, that it is defensible, and 
currently having the largest library portfolio of content, which is defensible 
that creates a very good IP valuation for the company. 
 
Darshil: 
Okay. Thank you so much, for my answers and all the best looking forward to 
great norms. 
 
Danish Reza: 
Now I request Mr. Aniket Redkar. 
 

 
                                                                
Page 6 of 16 
Aniket Redkar : 
Hello, sir. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
Hi. 
 
Aniket Redkar:  
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. As I'm new to this company so I just want to 
understand the company segment and the product basically, the company 
offer. So, just, can you just give a brief of how we, mean, what kind of 
products we have How are we doing the business, little bit. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
I think Rahul will send you a presentation on that and it should give you a lot 
more detail and we'll give you a brief now. 
 
Tej Soni: 
So basically, the company has three core divisions. One is the content where 
we're the largest producer of content globally. And we have two studios one 
in Los Angeles and one in Belgium, and between the two studios, we have the 
largest coverage of automotive stock images, video CGI. And we are content 
which we license to different players, for example, the entire rental car 
industry works on our content, Microsoft is applying being exclusively uses 
our content for their ads. And then we have leasing companies in Europe and 
big portal so if you're a global company you need our content. And then we 
create derivative products from the content which is what you saw the 3d 
Emporio and virtual showrooms, which are critical for online retail of cars. 
The second division of the company is. Sorry. Yeah, the second part of the 
company is digital retail and CRM, which is where we offer e commerce 
capabilities to car dealerships all over the world we have about thousand plus 
dealers on our platform, we have the largest market share in France today we 
got 18% market share. And our CRM is used as the standard for the Stellantis, 
which is the, you know, the CMC from Peugeot Citroen Fiat Chrysler grow, 
they use our CRM mandated exclusively for their distribution network. The 
third product division is the frog data analytics platform, which is one of our 
fastest growing product divisions and that's mainly in the US, where we offer 
big data analytics and Decision Analytics for the automotive industry so those 
are the three core product groups within the company. All of them are 
developed here in India, we invest a lot in R&D. All our Greenfield products 
which we developed from scratch with all the technology. We own the IP, and 
we own all the innovations that are built within that we are recognized within 
the industry, very strong brand name in the US and in Europe as an 
innovative and product driven company. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
That's in a nutshell now I can send you a presentation and you will get a 
much better idea of what we do. 
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay, okay, okay. So, so I just want to know what are your views on the EV 
space. How do you looked at the EV said what kind of opportunity we can 
have in future. 
 
Tej Soni:  
EV is definitely the future of automotive right because all automotive 
manufacturers are moving towards EV in the online space we already have an 
exclusive VIP offering which we're offering in Europe which is EV Portal. We 
have an exclusive EV catalog coming out of content that we license out more 
virtually every AV startup which needs to go online works with us today, 

 
                                                                
Page 7 of 16 
globally, they come to us for content and for, you know, licensing. The images 
in fact very interestingly Bill Gates wrote a book on climate change and EV’s 
and all that and he licensed our images for his book, himself, so we have a 
Gango on that we are looking at diversification in our product portfolio and 
diversifying into design on the power segment, but that's in the future. No 
commitments on that as yet. 
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. Okay. And so, as one new product launch izmoEmporio. So, what kind 
of revenue and margin, are we expecting from this product. 
 
Tej Soni: 
So, Emporio launch is just been launched we expect about 500 installs this 
year during the financial year which will be the first year of launch and we 
expect, and it usually goes for $5,000 per year so but 2.5 million to the 
revenue. The initial profit margin is about 52%, and then it will go up from 
there because the, we have a huge sunken cost for development for each 
model that we launch. And it starts off low but because it's developed once 
and deployed globally. The profitability keeps going up. Each time we 
launched in a new country because, so once I develop an Audi for us. I can use 
the same Audi, all over Europe. For most part so it's on a scale where the 
profitability increases as the deployment decrease.  
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay, and so is there any new product development in the pipeline. 
 
Tej Soni:  
Yes 
 
Aniket Redkar:  
What kind of cost incurred and what would be the period to incurred such a 
cost during the development. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
We don’t, see being a product company we always are looking at what is 
going to be relevant three to five years ahead, which is why we have survived 
more than 27 years in the industry. Even though the competitors have come 
and gone. So we have a substantial spend on new product development at any 
given time. And it's as high as 20 to 25 crores, depending on the period in 
which we are doing the spend and depending on when we are going to launch 
But that's a core of our business. So we are very much focused on thinking of 
what and how we can improve the dealership experience or the dealership 
business how we can give them a better ROI. And a lot of R&D goes into 
developing products which will help them. Now not all products make it to 
market. But that's part of the product development cycle. but being a product 
company, R&D for us is very critical. If we have to remain relevant and not 
become obsolete. 
 
Aniket Redkar:  
Okay So, are we looking at any other geographies, to enter. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
We are already in Europe and we are looking at different countries in Europe. 
 
Tej Soni: 
Yeah, in Europe, see our market is, if you look at the global market the main 
market is US and Europe in terms of addressable market size. Yes, India is a 
big market China's big market but in terms of revenue that we can get from 
the retail segment US and Canada and Europe remain the biggest so we are 
already in France, Belgium in Spain, and through Stellalantus We are in 27 

 
                                                                
Page 8 of 16 
countries in. Europe, they're using our products and our expansions that you 
know it's now a question of going deeper into each of those markets, but we 
are well entrenched in Europe and in US. 
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay, Okay, and Sir apart from this automotive sector, are we looking, are 
you planning to diversity from a diversify from this automotive sector are we 
looking any opportunity in any other sectors. 
 
Tej Soni:  
So for our core business we are very tightly focused on automated because 
that remains our strong point and, you know, we have good products and a 
very good reputation. However, in analytics, we have identified that in the 
SME segment where we talk about businesses up to $1 billion in revenue. 
There is a big need for an end to end, turnkey analytic solution. And that's 
where we'll be diversifying more in the data analytic side. 
 
Aniket Redkar:  
Okay, okay, and Sir, as you see that the employee cost is also rising. So, what 
are your views based on this employee costs. 
 
Tej Soni:  
So, mainly the employee costs is rising because we investing in new 
development, you know, as you've seen an Emporio do with the scale of 
employer is difficult to imagine, think about every make every model in the 
Western world, that will be on a platform which no other company is even 
close to building out so that build out will continue to bear on costs. Plus, as 
we do the virtual reality that's a very very high-end technology platform we 
will see additional investments going into that. But I can assure you that once 
those products are, you know, fully mainstream the returns are going to be in. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
So our head count is not very high and we are very choosy when we are 
adding people because being a product company we just can't take anyone, so 
we add people we pay them very well. We have a lot of our employees who 
have been with us for more than 10 years 15 years. So we have a core group of 
very dedicated employees. And we reward them when, and that is why our 
attrition is even today lower than the industry average. And our results are 
worth a lot because we give it a 10 rupees. And definitely It is very good for 
the employee.  
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay, okay, and sir one last question. What are your views for the coming 
years in terms of the top line and they become margin. 
 
Sanjay Soni; 
We can look at like Tej said said 30 to 40% growth on the top line. That's what 
we are looking at our growth targets are higher but I would like to be 
conservative on the call EBITDA margins will improve definitely, as 
compared to last year, as the last year as only 22% and my we have 17%. 
 
Aniket Redkar:  
Okay Sir, Thank You. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
Thank You very much. 
 
Danish Reza:  
Neha Sharma, please put your question forward. 
 

 
                                                                
Page 9 of 16 
Neha Sharma:  
Good evening Sir, I have a couple of questions. So my first question is about 
the competition that we have in India, as well as around globe. So who will be 
our top competitors. 
 
Tej Soni: 
So it depends on the product group as far as content is concerned, we have 
one competitor in US was mainly US focus but they're a much smaller 
company. Globally, so our positioning is as a global content provider, as I 
mentioned earlier, we have two studios between Los Angeles and in Belgium. 
And we've also built our own technology for laser scanning CGI, and CAD. 
There we have zero competition in the content space, some Indian companies 
create content for the local market but we don't really consider them as 
competition because we don't lise too much business in India. So on the 
content side, there is no competition. And that remains our strongest point 
and, you know, we keep growing that. On the digital retail, as you can see 
this, plenty of competition in every market. So, but, whichever market we 
operate in we lead because of the depth of our platform and we've been doing 
it for 20 years so it's pretty much an expertise, and the domain expertise. 
Definitely is something that customers look for when they work with us. And 
as far as the data analytics is concerned, we built the only platform today 
available for automotive retail. There are competitors coming up, it's actually 
good to have some competition there because it expands the market. More 
people are aware of it, but we try to be unique and each category and create a 
proper differentiation, when we go into the market. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
So as of now is it safe to say that we don't have a lot of competition in the 
industry. 
 
Tej Soni: 
Yes, especially in content, there is no competitor to his Izmo when it comes to 
global contact and in like I said in digital retail this fair amount of competition 
but we hold our own in the digital retail platform on the analytic side, we 
have I say two competitors in the US, it's not too many. So we are very 
different than the usual Indian companies who are, you know, outsource 
based who will do development on demand. In our case, we develop our own 
products we invest in it and take it to the market. So, that product 
development cycle is the Genesis where we make sure that we create products 
where there is a niche, open for us and there's not much competition. So it 
starts off right from the product design phase.  
 
Neha Sharma:  
So, sir then it's again safe to say that we have recurring client. So a lot of our 
revenue will be generated from the recurring clients that we have. 
 
Tej Soni: 
Most of our revenue is actually annually recurring revenue subscription 
based, and in the content side. Our attrition is about 2.5%, very low, because 
once somebody is on the platform they never leave and we've had clients with 
us for 15 years are on our platform on the digital retail, we have a higher 
attrition of about seven to 8% with again long standing clients on the CRM 
side, we have zero because we are the standard first Stellantis. And on the 
data analytic side which is pure recurring revenue I think we have about 3.5 to 
4% turnaround. 
 

 
                                                                
Page 10 of 16 
Neha Sharma: 
But still we do plan on getting new clients every year right so like how, like 
what percentage of clients do we add every year. 
Tej Soni: 
Umm, it depends in the content space will have about 20% addition in net 
land addiction, but they're all bigger clients in terms of number of clients so 
for example we talking to the largest e-commerce company in the world to 
work with us on creating using our content for their platform I can obviously 
name them because they're not, it's under confidentiality. But on the analytic 
side will double our client count this year. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
Okay, so my next question is regarding margins. So do we have like different 
margins in different regions of like an US and Europe are the same across 
every where. 
 
Tej Soni:  
It does actually depends more on the product group rather than the 
geography. So content is our largest contributor to the profit margin because 
of the exclusivity that we have. And they have the margins are up to 70% for 
the retail platform, it's lower, which is about 15%. and then on the analytic 
side, it's a little higher, so it nets out at a little lower. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
Okay, Sir the long-term borrowings, so this year have reduced. So what has 
been the source of the payment like has it been internal approvals or. 
  
Sanjay Soni: 
Yes, we have no debt in India. Now, I mean no long-term debt so it's all been 
through internal approvals, and was a conscious decision to become debt free 
because it’s a high cost debt and we wanted to get it out from the Balance 
Sheet as soon as possible and we have been able to do that. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
Okay, sir my last question is about acquisition, so do we plan to acquire like 
what like because we're expanding in the US, and has competition there do we 
plan to acquire those companies or any acquisitions in mind that we have. 
 
Tej Soni: 
We are constantly looking at targets, and we looked at a few. In the last year. 
And, but with the way the markets are moving we felt it safer to wait because 
evaluations are all coming down. And we continue to look at options as I 
think several attractive targets coming up. And if we find something that, you 
know, means that acquisition criteria basically we look at either adding 
market share or a gap in our technology. We definitely take it up. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
In fact, we had signed a term sheet with this acquired a small company but 
when we did the due diligence we found a lot of things were not to our liking 
in terms of technology and what they promised about client stickiness and so 
then we backed out we didn't go forward because it did not really look like 
adding value to the company in the long run, so we just walked away from 
that. So unless there is serious value to be added in, like, Tej said in terms of 
technology or in terms of clients, and it comes at a reasonable valuation where 
we can actually turn it around by moving some of the work back here and 
then they bring the profitability, we will not just go in and do an acquisition 
just like that. 
 
Tej Soni:  
So, one of the things we look for acquisitions is when their cost basis is 
entirely in the US, and we can offset it by moving that development work to 

 
                                                                
Page 11 of 16 
India, and there's a lot of attractive mid-sized companies right now, we're, you 
know, very low margins because the entire development is done in us. So 
those are the kind of targets we look at, but it should meet the other criteria as 
well. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
So sir as you have said, India as of now is not like our main focus but do we 
see expanding our business, the Indian any growth that we can see in India 
after a couple of years. 
 
Tej Soni: 
Yeah the problem with India is that the car market has not grown as it was 
expected. Now having said that, we have a few Indian companies one of the 
major players come to us asking to license our technology to offer it to Indian 
customers we talking to them, we might decide, we have a small customer 
base in India very dedicated loyal customer base that works with us. But 
we've not gone all the way, because, you know, there's the budgets are not as 
big as the one would expect in the US. So it's a question of where is our 
maximum return so we are looking at India, but right now it's not the best. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
So, three years ago, or four years ago we were very strong in the Indian 
market. We had more than 250 customers using our digital retail products and 
then we had these new age companies what a lot of funding and they started 
giving ecommerce websites to them free. So now you can't beat free right then. 
It's no point, I mean they were not the dealers were not willing to pay even 
like 3000 rupees a month to drive traffic to their store, because they said oh I'm 
getting it free version free may will make you up within a little bit. So then we 
decided that was no point trying to put resources and manpower and try and 
get this business growing because you can't beat free. And now, most of these 
companies who were doing this I realized that it's not a sustainable solution, 
and they're struggling, but we will come back to this market once we see the 
market dynamics, or again conducive to customers paying for good product, 
where they can get a return. 
 
Tej Soni: 
See the same dealer pays 3000, rupees a month in India, would pay equivalent 
$3,000 in the US. So that's an arbitrage and that's what people. 
Sanjay Soni: 
So it's better to put our focus and energy and time to get better returns on our 
capital as well as human capital, rather than trying to waste time and 
convincing Indian dealers to pay, you know, much less money. So that was a 
decision we made for years ago and then we didn't, but we still have around 
70 customers who are very loyal who realize our products are very good and 
the stick with us even in India. So, maybe we've come back to this market. 
Once the shakeout happens and the dealer CSP want something really works. 
 
Neha Sharma: 
Thank you so much. That's it from my side and good luck.  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
Thank you. 
 
Danish Reza:  
Mr. Amar Maurya 
 
Amar Maurya: 
So thanks a lot for the opportunity sir, couple of questions from my side. Sir 
you said that like your next year when you are guiding for 30 to 40% growth. 
You said that media will grow by 20% Correct? yeah media will grow by 20% 

 
                                                                
Page 12 of 16 
and you said data analytics will double. So basically, I mean, how about the 
others, others are going to grow at what 25- 30% growth rate. 
 
Tej Soni: 
So it’s a proportional weighted is different right so based on the contribution 
to the overall revenue, we have different net result would vary. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
For how the digital will grow. 
 
Tej Soni: 
The Digital will grow approximately about 18% is what we expect. But we are 
looking at the major expansion into the OEM’s, which is Stellantas and we're 
waiting for a contract which itself will double the revenue but we can't say 
anything till they sign. So, being ultraconservative, we would say that it 
would be 15%.  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
See last two years we have spent a lot of time and energy with the OEM’s, and 
because of CoVID a lot of decisions got delayed otherwise the big numbers 
would have come in earlier, but they have seen that we have stuck around we 
have been with them, even though the CoVID we gave support to their people 
in making sure that the products were running fine and they never had any 
downtime internally with product usage. So now they appreciate that and 
now they're talking of various, you know, more engagement with us in 
different areas. So, but we do expect good numbers coming from them but 
right now we can't quantify it it's a little too early, but to all the efforts we 
have done in the last three years with the OEM’s and are now beginning to 
show results. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And how about this recurring services. What would be the growth for 
that and professional services. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
See, these are normally client driven so it's very difficult put a number we 
have some clients who want some, like, they want something developed we 
do it for them and that's it. So that goes into the professional services. 
Recurring services very small. It's a small part of the data. That's also great but 
again, as an overall revenue contributor these are not much,  
 
Tej Soni: 
But our most of the revenues are annual recurring revenue (ARR) 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Yeah, okay. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
It is difficult to quantify we rather focus on the three main divisions and that's 
where we really can't give visibility here. 
 
Tej Soni: 
We have to clarify that revenue most of the revenues annual recurring 
revenue. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
 And secondly, sir, as you said that like, you know, interactive media is 
around 70% GP margin right. 
 
Tej Soni: 
 Yes. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Digital web services will be 50% ? 

 
                                                                
Page 13 of 16 
 
Tej Soni: 
No, digital retail is about 15%. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
15% and CRM and others would be, they're all there under the digital retail 
division. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay, so, what will be the GP margin for those segments, data recurring 
professional,  
 
Tej Soni: 
They're all about 15%, so it offsets the higher returns on the contract. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. So basically, Sir then what I'm trying to understand here is that when 
you are guiding for the margin improvement next year. So your highest 
margin segment is going to grow it whereas you're guiding for a 40% growth, 
so then how the, basically, what do you say, you know, the, but then he was 
talking about like below the GP there. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
 Let me clarify Amar, when Tej said that we should add 20% he was talking 
about number of clients not revenue growth in India division, I think it was 
Neha or. 
Amar Maurya: 
oh yeah, I got that you were talking about customer growth at 20%. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
Correct. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
So what will be the revenue growth in India? 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
See we can’t point it that way, that’s why we are saying it will be overall 
growth of 20- 30%. It’s very difficult to predict what will happen in which 
division as of now. 
 
Amar Maurya:  
Yeah, I got that I got that why am I asking you sir because your highest 
margins I meant is interactive media licensing right, if, if the margin has to 
improve EBITDA margin has to improve ultimately it will flow from the gross 
margin correct. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
True, One of our ideas to keep the costs in control as well, so that whatever 
top line accretion happens, it flows majority of it flows to the bottom line 
rather than it's not linear, as my revenue goes my course has to go because we 
are not a services company, 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Correct 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
So the idea is as we cross, an inflection point of revenues, we don't increase 
costs. So, there is a bottom line in creation there. 
 
Tej Soni: 
There is one clarification I want to give on the content side, we have within the 
content, and I was saying, the 70% margin comes from the core library 
licensing and within content we have products like the Emporio, VR, are there 
are classified within the same thing. Those products would have a lower 
margin because they are the growth, you know they just the emerging market 
emerging products, right, so overall it will balance out the core library will 

 
                                                                
Page 14 of 16 
remain the same, but the emerging products which are take sucking in a lot of 
investment right now, don't contribute as much to the net margin. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
So margin improvement will happen with increasing revenues and keeping 
costs under control. That's the basic idea. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay, so, so, I mean, even if what I'm trying to understand, sir. Again, like if, 
as long as your largest revenue contributing segment does not grow at a pace 
which you are guiding I think margin improvement will not come right. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
No, It's not correct.  
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Soni: 
If I grow, last year interactive media is 53% of our revenues it's that grows by 
20% or 25. It's substantial, and that will contribute to bottom line. So, if you do 
a mathematical model, you can see the numbers, how will pan out. Especially 
if the calls don't add up in the same manner. Okay, there will be a minor 
accretion definitely. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay, probably, I will do and then I can come back  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
Yeah sure, you can always interact with us anytime. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Secondly, sir. In terms of the product development cost you expense 
everything right to the P & L correct. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
No we capitalized also because not have a product development costs will the 
returns will come over the next five years in fact in Emporio has been in the 
works for the last three years and we have launched this year we expect 
revenues for five years so we have to capitalize some of the costs otherwise it 
will make our bottom line pretty low of being a product for us that's a major 
expense. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. Okay, so like if I want to say like you know as percentage of revenue, 
how much would be every year, what would it be the product development 
costs. I mean, you may capitalize  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
It would vary between 15 to 20%. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay, and what would be the amount capitalized in your fixed assets 
currently gross block. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
I will have to check that but I think we can share that separately, Rahul can 
send it to you, I don't have the number of hand. 
 
Amar Maurya: 
I got it, and my last question is, sir you are a mixture integration company. 
Being into the business for so many years. And then, and we are talking about 
a substantial growth from here on. I mean, despite all that thing. If I see the 
promoter holding promoter holding had been only you know sub 30% kind of 
thing. So, any plans to increase because you know we are now at the inflection 

 
                                                                
Page 15 of 16 
point talking about the growth so why not promoter, you know, increasing 
the stake in the business. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
See we hold around 30% but we indirectly we have around 40% control 
through friends and relatives okay a comfortable with it. Whenever we could, 
whatever resources we had we have been increasing over the last few years. 
But I only get a salary sort of that whatever I can do I do, frankly, I don't have 
any other sources of income to go and buy my shares. Maybe, if you do a 
buyback in the future to help us increase our shareholding, that's something in 
the future. 
 
Amar Maurya:  
Thank You Sir, this is all from myside. 
 
Sanjay Soni:  
Thank You Amar. 
 
Danish Reza: 
Mr. Darshit Lakhani. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Yeah am I audible. Yeah, I just want to know the standalone numbers of Frog 
data which we acquired. Like, I guess, one or two years back. Can you please 
guide me in terms of revenue from it.  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
I can't give you the numbers of hand if you send me a mail to the whole then 
we'll share the numbers separately, will have to get those out and send it to 
you separately. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: But I guess that is the only one of the biggest revenue came from US, recurring 
revenue from the dealer. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
No, it's a very infact is the smallest division as of now, it's growing. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Okay, so what are the growth, and what is the growth rate of growing  
 
Sanjay Soni: 
Nearly 100% there. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: But who is the competitor in terms of growth. 
 
Tej Soni: 
So in FrogData what we are addressing is the data analytics platform for 
automotive retail. It's a niche market. There is about two competitors who 
have similar products, but we're the only product, which integrates different 
databases within the dealership. So, it's not a very competitive market, but the 
market is expanding. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Okay and, to my knowledge, we have sold the ammunition business depends 
on right. 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
We never got into it, because we would never raise the funds for it. Most of 
our shareholders that time said no, it's a risky venture together defense so we 
dropped it a long time. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Okay. And Can you just guide on EBIDTA margin for atleast next five years: 
 

 
                                                                
Page 16 of 16 
Sanjay Soni: 
World is very uncertain to give a five years visibility. 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Next, two years or three years? 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
We will see a good improvement in that. Definitely a good improvement in 
terms of new revenue like Tej already said we're looking at 30 to 40% growth. 
That's our target, so we hope to achieve that if everything remains normal, 
and there's no fresh disasters waiting to happen. 
 
Darshit Lakhani:  Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
 
Tej Soni: 
The one thing I would like to end with is that online retail is the way the 
automotive trend, which is not, which is on globally. Everybody's trying to 
sell online so you might have a lot of the companies in the US car one and all 
of them. And because of that demand, it automatically gives us a tailwind, 
because we are well positioned with the content and all the other products. So 
we are very optimistic cautiously optimistic that this trend will continue and 
we see no reason why there's going to be anything after CoVID people have 
gone into touch less contact less business models, which is online and that's 
the business we are very good at 
 
Darshit Lakhani: Just last question from my side, okay, actually my dad holds Izmo shares 
which is more than from couple of years, I guess three years atleast., I would 
be happy to see the promoter raising that stakes. I got the answer. earlier,  
 
Sanjay Soni: We will try our best we would also be happy. 
 
Darshit Lakhani:  Thank You 
 
Sanjay Soni: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for the day. I 
would now like to hand the conference over back to Mr. Sanjay Sony for 
closing comments. Thank you.\ 
Sanjay Soni: 
Thank you very much everyone for joining our maiden conference call. we 
hope that it was informative and enlightening for all the participants, and we 
are working very hard to improve the company's performance even more and 
I thank the entire team of Izmo for the untiring efforts, hard work and 
dedication, which has driven the company forward through various market 
conditions. Also I appreciate all of you for participating in our conference call. 
Please do get in touch with the investor relations team for any further 
questions. On behalf of Israel limited. that concludes this conference, thank 
you very much for joining us. Have a good evening. Take Care. 
