
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Q4 FY2022 Investor Call 
27 May 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Managing Director 
Mr. R Krishna, CFO and Wholetime Director 
Ms. Harshi Rastogi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 

Investor Call Transcript – Q4 FY2022 Results 
 
 
Moderator: Good evening to all of you. Its wonderful to have all of you.  
Representing ISEC it's our absolute pleasure to have the senior management from Akzo 
Nobel India today talking to you in a small group investor format. There are only about 15 
investors. It's a small group, so feel free to raise your questions at appropriate times later. 
Yeah, we got 60 minutes so welcoming Rajiv Rajgopal, the managing director. R. Krishna, 
the Chief Financial officer and Harshi Rastogi, Company secretary and the Chief 
compliance officer. Rajiv Sir over to you for your opening remarks. 
And if you have a presentation, please feel free to share that and speak. It's over to you.  
We'll manage the question queue, Sir. Thank you.  
Rajiv: Thank you, thank you Manoj. Good afternoon to all of you. I want to thank you all 
for taking time out to join this call. I understand that it's a very busy day with a lot of results 
getting reported so deeply appreciate, yeah, I hope all of you can see the deck Is it visible 
Manoj right before I go? 
Moderator: Yes Sir, please continue. 
Rajiv: Well, I don't need to introduce these two people because they have been on the  
television ad for Velvet touch. We've had some fantastic reviews even from some of the 
analysts who sort of reached out saying, you know, good to see it. We just showed that 
to the Board and obviously they were absolutely delighted with this sort of work that we 
are putting on the brand front. Yeah so first and foremost, you know, let me quickly run 
through the deck and what I want to do is, you know get back to some of the narratives 
that I've been sort of playing to you starting from 2018, when I took over the role. 
First, let me start with the business environment. Just so that all of us are on the same 
page. Well, I think all of us read the same newspapers, but suffice to say that if you want 
to look at it the way I see it, it is that India growth is picking up, you're seeing spurts. There 
are so many factors which have started bouncing back - real estate, infrastructure started 
doing well. If you look at it despite omicron, the fact is many of the companies who started 
posting high you know single digit double digit growth. Again, you know in the last quarter 
remember last quarter for many companies, including in our industry, we had posted 
some terrific growth. So really, our growth on top of that is really what I would call that 
separates the men from the boys.  
Yeah, if you look at some of the key economic activities, whether it's a core sector growth, 
the expectations index, it's been on an incline. I think off late, primarily because of the 
fact that there is a bit of inflationary pressures and all of you know about it I think that's 
the only concern that I think people have. I think the other two factors for us from a 

business perspective, we keep a close watch on Forex and crude. Back to that is what 
sort of has a tremendous impact on the way we do business. Yeah, so these are the two 
to watch out for as we start moving. Yeah, for business update perspective quickly you 
know just thought I would once again run with you a summary. Well, for some of you who 
are coming in for the first time, we've got five sites. Pretty much, you know when I've 
taken over with a mandate of sort of running it as a paints and coatings organization you 
know what we've started doing between us all the functions that work with. Plus, we've 
started making sure that we drive the business, and so if you look at, we've got about 
1,460 employees, 5 manufacturing sites, Mohali, Gwalior, Thane, Hyderabad and 
Bangalore, we've got our regional offices, you know Bangalore so. Five offices. We've 
scaled up distributions significantly, you know. So, talk of 16,000 or actually the number 
now is more closer to 20,000 retailers and 15,000 machines. And we have got about 
4,000 B2B customers and significant scale up after the COVID Wave 2. We've also got a 
world class color center for A&AC in Bangalore. And you know, through this call, I'm also 
going to sort of organize  visit once you know we are able to travel full heartedly, for some 
of our investors, those wanting, like we will reach out to you so that we can take you to 
our plants and show you some of the world class color centers that we have which are 
also some of the global partners that we sort of work with. Yeah, we also support low cost 
Innovation Center for driving differentiated products, at Thane and I'll talk more about it 
in a little while. Later, yeah, so just to start with this is the new purpose for those of you 
who see Akzo Nobel about 3, very simply put people, planet and  paint. And really, this is 
about making an impact to each one of the P we move forward. Yeah, so I'll come to the 
quarter. Our focus has been to continuously drive Innovations, disrupt technology and 
driving some industry first. So if you look at it, what we've done is, uh, flagship brand 
velvet touch you know we decided to put the brand back on air. We tried a few 
experiments very clearly consumers told us that look velvet touch is equal to Dulux and 
what we've done is we you know we put a new advertisement, you know, just before IPL 
started on air and we've had some great reviews, we used a differentiated technology 
called Tru Colour. And for those of you who are interested do reach out to Harshi and you 
can see the impact of Velvet touch on the walls. We've seen some phenomenal growth 
on the brand and over the last couple of months. Yeah, yeah. On the portfolio expansion 
I did mention to you that when we start getting into differentiated products, consumers 
and customers will start voting with confidence, of the sort of products that we do because 
of the sheer quality that we bring in. So Weathershield Max and Floor Plus has seen some 
phenomenal up tick and we've just launched it in three or four geographies. The product 
is in terms of exterior. We've brought our view into our exterior emulsion, so we've 
redefined crack proof with new technology and the nine year warranty on the brand, and 
you will see more to come in the quarters ahead. We've also taken a 4.7% price increase 
in January and February, but you know, last two weeks of January and the first two weeks 
of February, the demand was a bit soft because of the impact of Omicron, but we saw 
from the second week of February pretty much and let me be honest, going forward even 
to quite recent times a very strong uptick in demand. Yeah, so we are seeing a strong 
turn around and that is what has led your company to be able to demonstrate superior 

performance. Yeah, a growth has been led by premium category and you know if we 
really want to look at our project business or some heavy growths, some unprecedented 
growth, you know, in the last quarter I would just say that this is the first quarter where I 
can officially say that we started gaining market share. And if you've seen the quarter 
results, you know for the full year we become the second fastest you know paint growing 
company in India and I'm so proud that the all these small efforts that the team has been 
putting over the last many years has come to fruition and there are better time when the 
industry is likely to see more players coming in then we start really, you know, putting the 
stripes and now getting back into the field. So really, really proud of this we've started 
seeing some market share gains. Of course, in a premium segment, but also in some of 
the other segments and geographies in our paints business. We've also seen some very 
good growth in our coatings business I'll come to that so some of the other products that 
we launched included Simply Refresh in the quarter, which is our first DIY kit. We've 
worked with our UK team very, very closely to bring you some world class products as 
we speak it is live on Amazon if any of you are interested you know please do reach out 
to us. We'll be happy to also share with you we have a kit and the kit has got all the to do 
instructions.  Also, getting on video on how to use and also some commercials will be 
coming which will be seen on the digital platforms very shortly. Yeah, our health and well 
being platform, which is Better Living which is the first, you know, a bio based paint from 
tea tree oil is doing well. Started seeing some good update and we want to sort of see 
how we can progress this further. Yeah, I mean I think really. You know one of the things 
of being a Challenger brand is the fact that you need to really disrupt the market because 
that's what you would expect when new players come in and we then realize we're going 
to start working with the start up in the ecosystem to see what we can so the entire team 
of the Paint The Future for India is about seeing how can you get your digital solution to 
boost the magic of paint and transform the way consumers experience Dulux. The future 
is working around, you know you can see almost about 9 platforms. Things like surface 
health. How do you visualize better? How do you get personalization and experience 
when you get on the journey? How can you get trusted application, trusted advisor. So 
I'm just running through you what we're getting. We've got more than 100 and you know 
100 plus applicants from the start up on our platform and we are working very closely with 
Nasscom, NIPP and KPMG on this to try and take this forward, yeah. 
Coatings, I think, what really differentiates us is we've really done well in coatings in the 
last quarter too, so it's not just our paint business which has done well close to double 
digit performance, but even our coating business across, I would say I had a little bit of a 
slow start for reasons all of you know was automotive and specialty coatings business, 
which saw a slightly lower growth. Primarily because of you know issues like the 
semiconductor which impacted some of the customers in which we operate but all our 
businesses have posted double digit growth and it's for the first time that I see all 
businesses of Akzo Nobel doing well, so whether it's in terms of protecting aesthetics and 
assets. Whether it's in terms of powder through sustainable solutions or, you know, 
looking at our beverage, you know internal external of both the food and beverages. I 
think we've started getting some good, very good numbers. Yeah, our challenge in this 

business has been the pricing so are you know pricing actions are slow because these 
are all time based contracts and as a result our ability to sort of execute price increases 
has been a bit challenging, which is where at an aggregate level, when Krishna speaks, 
all of you realize that you know, uh, fruitful, hence of the contribution margins have 
actually been slightly impacted by our coating business managers and what I'm really 
pleased is, you know, I've seen a lot of headlines by a lot of players, but we are definitely 
on paints business having one of the sharpest margins in the same sort of sustained. 
What I'm extremely proud about is the fact that we've got approval for super premium 
luxury paint coatings in our ASC business. Right? Uh, yeah, I will try to sound louder 
Yeah, if that helps. So exclusively provided for, you know, for example from McLaren and 
BMW. 
So these are the two that we sort of won and we will talk more about it if you have any 
further questions to us, yeah. So on the planet I think you are absolutely committed to 
ESG and sustainability. The global, you know, the targets that are also being sort of taken 
in India and by 2030 100% of our energy requirements coming from renewable resources 
and we want to reduce carbon emission by 50%. We are also going to be playing a lead 
role in the shift to plastic, as in when the regulations come out and also in terms of 
rainwater harvesting, water conservation even start playing a lead role. On planet, you 
know one of the things we really want to do is to reduce emissions and waste. And there 
is a lot of work which is happening on harvesting solar energy using a lot of greens at our 
sites and also solvent recovery to reduce waste that's happening in all the sites that are 
producing solvent. So for people I'm extremely proud of the work that our CSR team is 
doing. I'm sure if many of you are watching LinkedIn posts that we post. Uh, we have 
opened, you know, couple of academies we are working very closely with some of the 
governments and we are very, very proud to say that we have started equipping and we're 
the first company to actually drive women painters into our society. You can see the three 
young ladies there, absolutely smiling because we've ensured that we start providing 
them likelihood, yeah, we are also starting an experiment that you see in the photo below 
project called Indra Dhanush in northeast where you started providing livelihood to almost 
about 100 odd women to start with, and this is something that we'll be expanding as we 
move forward. 
These women have also become entrepreneurs so they had not just painters but they 
have also started opening shops as a matter of livelihood and something that they've 
really really felt proud of. Yeah, we also provided a lot of Tele Health, not just to our 
employees and our customers but also to our painters because to me the real impact 
should come to the society in which we work with. Yeah, so this is another thing that we 
are very proud of. So it's not just about performance It's not just about now. You know, 
becoming the 2nd fastest growth company, and this growth is not for just this  quarter but 
It's for the fiscal full year we've had a 30% growth. I think I would like to say these are 
baby steps of what we as a team, are committed to sort of putting as a footprint as we 
move forward. Also proud of the fact that we got recognized as a Great Place to Work at. 

You can see some Members of my management team on the diversity and inclusion, 
bring the bias sort of agenda you can see from the photograph itself that the men have 
started getting outnumbered, something that I'm truly proud of, and something that we 
will continue to drive. 
We run an initiative called Covengers initiative which is about care, connectivity, capability 
and culture, and these are initiatives that I will talk more at the AGM. For those of you 
who join, you'll get to hear a little more. 
Yeah, so with this let me hand it over to Krishna for the financial performance. Krishna 
over to you. You will need to be a little loud. 
Krishna: Thanks, Rajiv 
As you are all aware, we embarked on our Grow & Deliver journey in 2021 and I'm 
extremely happy with the progress we made in this ambition at 3,149 crore of top line, we 
have achieved highest ever revenue with a strong double digit growth both in paints and 
coatings businesses. This has been achieved through Our innovative products, customer 
focused solutions and market share gains in select categories and geographies. As we 
recall, the year has witnessed significant inflationary pressures and we took calibrated 
pricing actions to mitigate the impact of this. By end March we had implemented around 
21% price increase. With the 4.7% price increase in the paint business in Q4. With this, 
the GM percentage in paints is relatively held, but the benefit of pricing is in coatings has 
been slower to translate, given the long term nature of the B2B projects and with the 
efficient OPEX management, EBIT from the operations at 356 crores and at 11.3% we 
also sustained the double digit profitability for the third consecutive year. Profit after tax 
was up by 40%. This also includes a one time tax provision reversals pertaining to the 
earlier years. However, even after excluding this impact, the profit growth was the highest 
in the industry. Moving forward as far as the Q4 performance is concerned, we had a 
strong finish in the year across both the businesses. This while the industry witnessed 
some demand contraction to the omicron impact in January and February, we made a 
strong comeback in March, achieving the double digit quarter growth in the fifth time in a 
row. As alluded earlier, our pricing actions are carefully calibrated and which helped to 
cover the inflation impact in absolute terms. 
We struck century in our EBIT from the operations and sustained double digit profitability 
for the 13 quarters and the profit was flat due to the one time adjustments of the one of 
the tax pendencies which we cleared at the Thane factory. And moving forward If there's 
one thing I'm proud of is that how well we managed our profitability in a volatile and 
inflationary environment which chart clearly depicts that how the raw material costs 
remained at elevated level and but our steady pricing actions helped us to gradually 
reduce the margin dilution, I believe this is the testimony of our strong analytics 
collaboration between the functions and the faith in customers and partners. 
OK, regarding the cash flows as India celebrates 75th year of Independence this year, 
we are proud to announce a total dividend of 75 per share for the FY21 22. To 

commemorate this momentous occasion. This one time proposal is subject to the 
shareholders approval. We are grateful to our investors, shareholders on their unstinted 
support and remain committed to increasing the value for them going forward as well. 
With this now hand it over back to Rajiv to confer his concluding remarks.  
Rajiv: Thanks Krishna. So I just want to say you know it's for me. It's very quite a quite a 
poignant moment because, as they say, a journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step 
I'm reminded because many of you have been a huge support and I just want to thank 
out and call out many of you in this call who've You know been very very patient and 
being a great support and encouragement during the last three years. So if you look at it 
in 2018- 19 many of you had highlighted concerns about Akzo Noble India performance. 
At that point of time with lot of butterflies in my stomach, perhaps now I can say I 
committed to a performance of growth and double digit profitability. Some of you did ask 
me, you know which one are you sure of? And I said double digit profitability because 
Akzo Noble globally was embarking on a 15 by 20 journey, but I did also put my hand out 
and say we will start getting growth, yeah, and we will start not just getting growth but 
also getting significant growth. 
Yeah, through the years we've invested in brand distribution technology to bring, you 
know,  in my view some great innovations from a consumer point of view and we are now 
working on some disruptive solutions. So in the journey I think building the 3000 crore top 
line and delivering a very strong double digit profitability is something that truly sort of has 
been pleasing but what has also came as a surprise after all the results came in yesterday 
was to see that  also in a way for the full year, become the second fastest growing paint 
company. I think look for us, it is about you know the journey we are committed to this we 
believe like many of you have reminded me, many often that it's a great brand, it's a great 
company you know, and now the time has come to really start making sure that we deliver. 
What I'm really pleased about is the fact that we had lost market share in a couple of 
years and we've really started pulling it back. And, you know, we've got the, you know, 
the analytics at a market brand category level, obviously I'm under constraint that I cannot 
share that maybe the excitement and the voice after we got something analytics even 
yesterday just gives me satisfaction to some of the baby steps that we bought some of 
the you know, strategic drivers that we put in place that they seem to be working and 
seem to be in the right direction. So that's what I want to see. I want to thank each one of 
you once again for your time, and I look forward to all your questions with this. 
Let me hand it over back to ICICI Securities.  
Moderator: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we can now have the question and 
answers round. So if anyone has a question, request you to kindly raise your hand using 
the raise hand icon we will then unmute your line and you can go ahead with the question. 
We have the first question from the line of Chanchal Khandelwal. Yes please. Kindly 
unmute your line. And go out with your question.  Chanchal we can't hear you. 
Rajiv: Rushad, can you help us? We can't hear. Chanchal says can’t talk. 

Moderator: Chanchal can you unmute your line and speak? 
Yeah, yeah, now, it's possible. 
Chanchal: Can you hear me Rajiv? 
Rajiv: Yes, yes. 
Chanchal: Yeah hi, so Congrats on good set of numbers. I mean I got to know today it's 
a 75 year old brand in India, I'm sure you have a bigger like the wind and the journey is 
just started. Uh, my question Rajiv is, uh. If you if you can talk about the new launches. I 
mean, couple of launches looks interesting. Uh, and also on the on the mass and 
economy segment what are you doing? Steps to gain market share there? That's a bigger 
part of the market. 
Rajiv: Yeah so so firstly our launches have been across the portfolio. Let me start straight 
with answering the question that you asked. We have launched our mass you know 
economy product called Dulux Promise SmartChoice. The reason we took time with our 
launches because this is coming at a price point of ₹80 a litre right? ₹80 -90.00 a litre has 
to be accretive to the margins that we work with. So a lot of time went in making sure that 
the formulations are and we are able to give a good product right formulation without sort 
of you know?  we were destroying the margin profile of what we already do. Yeah with 
that let me tell you that it is that is the single brand which is played a huge role in our 
recovery between 2020 and now. So very clearly we committed we are also going to be 
bringing in few other categories as we speak by before Diwali some more of mass 
offerings and mass products as we move forward. Yeah yeah you will start seeing it. I'm 
sorry Chanchal, I won't give you the specifics, but between now and Diwali is just three 
four months you will see some more interesting products are coming in and formats 
coming in the mass and economy. We are committed to it. As I mentioned our distribution 
2.0 we have now started see when I joined this company in 2013 we were covering 800 
towns in the country, right? 
You know when I came back in 2018 we had moved up to about 2,000 towns. As of this 
morning we got a dashboard which told me that we are today almost in 4,700 towns. our 
journey is in the next two years. I want to reach 9,000 towns and for that getting the right 
portfolio assessment is very quick and smart and economy is going to play a great role, 
but as you do that, we also want to make sure that we are able to defend and grow our 
premium segment and that's some of the work that we've also done because that's how 
you sort of make your profile accretive to what you do. So some of the products being 
launched we've talked about Chanchal so you know, Velvet touch true color, Floor Plus 
and we have just launched Simply refresh we're testing it in Delhi. We've launched it both 
on Amazon and on the retail shops we are testing for a few things on hypothesis on pricing 
etc. We've started getting some feedback. From the outlets where we serve and then we 
will start making a sharper. We've also developed a new communication which will be 
ready by July, August, and these then start going full on that.  

And DIY, the way we are driving DIY and India is not just through you know, the 
consumers who want to paint, Of course it's for them, but we also understand a large part 
of the application is done through painters so we are also going to put a program. So 
painters who want to teach the consumers how to apply DIY products with very clear, you 
know, tools. So that's something which is also very interesting, in the projects side we've 
launched a anti carbonation offering and I must tell you as infrastructure goes that's 
another thing which is driving. 
Well, I think some. Yeah I can, yeah. Further, on our coating side we certainly we basically 
put a couple of you Know Wanda brand in AC is doing well. You know a metallic bonded 
powder is doing very well. In fact, your question we will be adding capacity in our powder 
and paints business in the next year so yeah. 
Chanchal: Sir, thanks. OK, one more question. If I may say so your other expenditure 
has not gone up. I mean you've cut ad spend. Probably I mean, given a time when you 
want to gain market share when there's a competition coming up, a big group entering 
this space. I mean, if you have to be the number 2 in terms of growth going forward, you 
have to spend. And maybe this quarter you have you have Omicron so that could be the 
reason. But uh, just a thought. 
Rajiv: Yeah, so my thought is very clear Chanchal and thank you for the question we had 
dropped to about 3-3.2 due to COVID as I mentioned to you, we are committed to taking 
it back to you know 5%. You know the A&P as a percentage of value, and obviously we 
will thereafter spend where it's required, so really some of the work that we're doing on 
interior, exterior products and some you know waterproofing where also we just we're 
going to launch a digital film in a couple of weeks, You know, and also you know, the new 
formats that we're launching. 
You will see a lot of work happening or advertising input, so all I can say is this is a line 
that I'm personally now holding, you know, and we've taken Vandana Krishnia who's been 
a pretty high performing marketing individual. In fact, she just released the presentation 
to the board and you know, I think the board recognizing we've got a truly good marketeer 
now. And so that's how we sort of take it forward Chanchal. Yeah, this is something that 
we are monitoring we are very cognizant of the fact that a lot of new players have come 
and one more new player, large players coming in, so we are sort of cognizant of it and 
we would like the consumers to drive the brand because that's our biggest asset. 
Thanks wish you all the best. Thank You.  
Chanchal: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you we have the next question. 
From Aditya Bagole, Aditya, kindly go ahead with your question. 
Yeah, yeah. 
Rajiv: OK, no problem, no problem Rushad you want to take? 

Moderator: Yes, we have the next question from Dipin Sanghvi.  
Dipin: Hi, thank you am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, you are.  
Dipin: Yeah hi thank you Rajiv and a congratulation to you and the entire team for good 
set of numbers. My question is on the you know those couple of data points so you had 
shared in the presentation about the extent of raw material inflation and the cumulative 
price had taken. Can you just elaborate a little more? Uh, if the same number you know 
how does it look when you compare B2B and B2C? For the full year basis, what has been 
the increasing the RM inflation and the price had taken cumulatively for both, similar to 
B2C? 
Rajiv: Krishna he will first give you the response. 
Krishna: What we have seen on a full year basis Dipin is that around 25% is the RMPI 
inflation and our pricing actions. Cumulative pricing actions is roughly around 21% so we 
could able to cover absolute terms in terms of the RMPI inflation.  
Uh, as in a percentage we have declined around clear basis by around 200 basis points. 
Right now, I was referring to in somewhere you had mentioned that you know you had 
you had some there is some lag in terms of taking the price hike in the industrial or the 
B2B business, so I was just trying to get the bifurcation over there. B2B business was the 
part about I would say about 2% points lower than the. 
Dipin: Uh, sorry how your voice wasn't clear you said 2%. 
Krishna: Yeah, two percent, 200 basis points 
Dipin: OK, so secondly you know in terms of the big news these days, you know in terms 
of the kind of CapEx that Grasim has announced, or for the paint business there are 
concerns in in the market about the overall impact in the in the all the players in the 
industry in terms of profitability and growth etc. What are your thoughts and how are you 
know? Reading those kind of investments and whenever you know they launch the 
product? Now how are you preparing yourself, if at all you know you see any meaningful 
impact in some of the segments? 
Rajiv: Yeah, so first and foremost, look, I think it's too early to react because it's a two 
day news. You know that's something even the board sort of asked. Obviously we need 
a little more time to be able to put our thoughts together, but let me tell you in a way, even 
before this announcement came, the fact was we already knew that they were spending 
an adequate  amount of CAPEX incremental addition, which is all quite significant, right? 
So I think look what we are trying to get in is what other products in my understanding 
they will They are leveraging the strength of their cement business to launch their paint 
business. So obviously when they start doing it, they're going to come in two categories, 
particularly around the economy mass, distemper, putty they are already present today, 
through their sister company on the cement side right? and then slowly find their way. It 

isn't a very easy journey. No, it isn't when you've got many new players who I think I'm 
sure with a little bit of humility, every player will tell you, including us, that it's not, it's easy 
to talk, but it's very difficult to dislodge because there is a way the business runs. I think 
this business, the paints business, the drivers of the business, that distribution, paint 
distribution, asset called the tinting machine is very important. It gives velocity and it gives, 
you know, return to the dealer on a daily basis, right? So I think you know there is a 
velocity of a brand. There is distribution there is, you know also in terms of some of the 
innovations and thought leadership that some of the players were brought in. So you know 
to come in new, there will be new news as even some of the players who got in recently 
have done right. In my view there are two things that will number one overall, the market 
will expand. There is also a sizable amount of local player right? even if you look at post 
Covid and you take the results of the top five companies now like pretty much if you see 
the companies have been growing and what's happened is there's been a shift from, you 
know, the unorganized to organized and within the organized to the top 4-5 places, right?  
I do see also a fact that you know you know one will have to be very careful in terms of 
how they will leverage their you know the cement business to bring in spring into their 
paints business.  
We are working on it and you know what? I can assure you is we are working on a 
strategy. It's too difficult for me to sort of disclose at this point of time, but we are looking 
at all options because you know the reality is for Akzo Nobel globally now India is a very 
key market and from a growth perspective and an incremental growth perspective I can 
personally tell you that right now that I am sitting on a bed of thorns and It's a perfect 
position to be in. I really wanted to be in that position because, you know, I do think that 
the global is really taking India and India growth story quite seriously. I think it was 
important to demonstrate that India business can do it. Remember that we've been 
coming out of lot of user processes and performance seemed to be shine. This is what 
all of you could, say I think the 1st job was to, you know, do what we say and then start 
performing a little better than what we've been talking about. So we are in that zone where 
we've started doing what we say and getting into that zone of being slightly better. I think 
we have to sustain it and then we will come back to you. Also, in terms of what the specific 
strategies we are working on strategies we are also working with our global technology 
team because disruption in the paint comes through production formats and solutions and 
also customer service. So we're working on each one of these elements. 
Dipin: OK, sure, and just the last one Uh, on my previous related to my previous question 
with the kind of price hikes you've taken, are you seeing any impact on the volumes and 
the demand as a result of this, you know increase or such a massive price at which has 
happened or not really? 
Rajiv: They will be, you know, at this point of time you don't see clearly i think there are 
many other factors also playing in right, I think one will have to wait for another quarter or 
two to see the impact, where I would think it's a better position to understand is more 
closer. That's when you really start seeing when we have the next quarterly call in August. 

The AGM is the time you should ask me this question. I'll be in a better position to answer 
it.  The reality is that you know the prices are still not relenting. You know Krishna talked 
of 24 -25 thing that's a bit for the last quarter. You know, let me tell you this quarter for 
further going On right, and if you look at it, we took another 3%  price increase on 1st of 
May . Are you seeing what the other players have done? They've taken 1.8, right? They're 
still doubling. We are very clear. I'm very clear in my mind that just because I'm a 
challenger brand, not going to be forgiving on the pricing, but I'm going to reinvest on the 
brands, making sharper and start playing aggressively. There's no other way for a player 
like me to sort of make sure that we sort of deliver on that promise. 
Dipin: OK, sure, thank you so much and all the best. 
Rajiv: Thank you, thank you, thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you we have the next question from the line of Shrenik. 
Shrenik kindly unmute your line, go out with the question. 
Shrenik: Hi, am I audible? 
Alright, thanks for the opportunity So my first question is on the decorative side Sir, could 
you explain what is the current network as of today and what are our plans for the next 
three years to increase this distribution given the competent density increasing? 
Rajiv: So look, we are almost close to 20,000 dealers and we have close to about 15,000 
painting machines. If you look at in terms of incremental, we continue to add about, you 
know, 2,000 machines a year. That's so that's what we plan to do and we will look at it, 
yeah, but the way t we're working on a strategy very clearly. To identify which of the 
geographies based on per capita income, etc. Which is the distance which would target 
you know or the 640 districts in India, which are the ones. which will give us a better return 
for what we do. Because remember any of these districts we have to also it's a first time 
for brand Dulux, though it's been advertised brand, known in the urban centers and in the 
rural centers we have to also create association for that brand, so there's a lot of other 
activities that have to go in place so you know, we want to make sure that we are doing 
things which are accretive so that's the journey we will do and our target is that look. We 
will take a point whether it's 25 or 30,000 outlets depending on what we believe is going 
to be accretive to our revenue growth on a sustainable basis. Right, our retention of our 
dealers has been very sharp, has been closer to 93 to 95% ,despite the fact that we took 
a price increase ahead of our competitors and we sustained it for almost four months, we 
did lose a few large dealers in between but what I'm glad is the moment competition took 
the price increase because it was inevitable many of them come back and started backing 
even stronger with because they realized that what we did was ethical, true, and value 
accretive even from their perspective. 
Sure, sure yeah. Anything else?  

Shrenik: On the industrial side, over the last one year, how much prices have you already 
taken and how much more is required to offset the cost impact?  
Rajiv: So you know, I think Krishna said 21% average price increase. Even right now, 
speaking to our customers on price increases given that you know the RMC is still a little 
volatile I'm, you know, it's like asking me what is the crude price likely to be? 
Honestly, I don't know. I see one day drops 102- 105, next day its back to 120. We have 
to see a lot of external factors driving it. My belief is the industrial will our coating business 
will continue to, at least for the next couple of quarters, come close to or deliver double 
digit growth. Just to just to add, Shrenik, a couple of pointers here. 
One is that all the new contracts with the inflated prices are increased prices. The existing 
contracts which are long term in nature we have a cover around 70% of the contracts or 
projects with the revised prices, so that's the summary of how the pricing actions are 
being taken at a customer and the business level in the coatings. 
Shrenik, hope we answered your question. 
Shrenik: Sure, sure. So just last question Sir, on this split of decor industrial what is split 
in FY22 and what was the volume? Yeah sorry. 
Rajiv: 65 – 35 Shrenik 
Shrenik: Sure, thanks so much. 
Rajiv: Yeah, welcome, Rushad I  just want to invite Aditya because he's back on the line 
if his line is working. 
Moderator: Yes, Sir, so Aditya request if you would. 
Unmute your line and try and speak out. 
Could you be closer to the speaker bit and? 
Aditya: Rushad, if you are able to listen you can just tell me in case. 
Moderator: Sure Sir I will  
Aditya: Right, so my question. 
One is, you know when we look at the numbers what we realized is that the gross margin 
compression that we've seen is lower than most of your peers. So, so I just wanted to 
understand if there is a mix element to that so have you seen a positive, uh? 
Thank you. 
Changing towards deco over or more value added, coatings or or some other segment. 
So that was question number one and question #2 is that you answered some of it is part 
Essentially what I wanted to understand is you know apart Trying to be based on their 

cement dealership Are there any other sort of strategies that you think that they will? Uh, 
you know, go through and how will they fortify their position?  
Rajiv: OK, so let me try with what I've heard. Aditya correct me if I missed something. 
You can fill me in. Your first question was on the margins of the fourth quarter. Is there a 
favorable mix impact? 
The answer is yes. There is a favorable mix within the pains business we saw the metros 
and Tier 1 towns growing faster, while we also saw T3 T4 growing actually one of the 
fastest in the last five six quarters. But the contribution we already met pre COVID the 
bounce back despite Omicron being there. So it was favorable and within that our 
premium segments have seen a bit of a faster growth. 
Yeah, that said, you know what we saw is a bit of an hourglass where the top end and 
the bottom end which is you know you the premium and the economy grew at dramatic 
levels; in between which is the mass segment didn't grow as fast as you know we 
expected it to, but It's something that we sort of corrected, and we've already seen some 
very sharp recovery in the last month and a half in this quarter. 
Yeah, on the second part I think your question was with regarding the new player. 
What were the new channels or was it new channels or what are the new strategies? 
Those new strategies. So essentially what are they? 
What according to you is their go to market approach? 
Yeah, yeah. 
And how are we trying to modify? 
Yeah, so look look. 
Firstly it's a very formidable player. 
Yeah, so I can understand the reaction of you, the market, but that said, I just want to run 
through a bit of history, right? I, I worked in the previous company called Airtel. I was 
running Key brand and when this you know new player came with the market here in 
Kerala Idea came into Tamil Nadu and I was told by everybody that it would disrupt. I 
think as long as we are focused on our strategy reality study after is a market leader in 
Chennai in Tamil and right by a mile. Yeah, when I left itself it was 4,000 crores  so I just 
want to say that from that example, this is what you do with your branding strategy, right? 
It is a formidable player. It has got some great people, I acknowledge. 
Well, we and there's no point getting worried. In 1983 World Cup Indian cricket team got 
worried about the West Indian fast bowlers. We've never won the World Cup right? So I 
think we are taking lessons from that. What we are doing is we are putting a strategy 
which is aggressive because it's obviously strategy and hence you must appreciate is a 
little classified as far as I'm concerned, but with my top team. We are putting a sort of a 

strap some of our key channel members are key Channel partners are key customers 
and you know our employees. You know reality is some of you know, and these are the 
places where first you know you would see signs of a better word. The other thing 
remember we are the only player in this entire country that coats any surface. We coat 
an aeroplane, we coat Indian Navy, we coat the Indian submarine. We coat American 
Pentagon right? I mean so understand the power of what Akzo Nobel brings on the table 
and how to be a part of this organization. 
We just got some great lineage and connect with Alfred Nobel. So I think this is now time 
for us to bring it to play. Yeah, otherwise it'll all be English and that's what my R&D team, 
which you know housed in Bangalore. And in you know Bombay are working day and 
night  and  saying how can we unleash certain disruptions and we have to do it at the 
appropriate time.  Now whether they work how successful we are. Only time will tell, but 
I think what we are trying to do is we're putting out what I call a four page strategy doc. 
Yeah, we I call it an elevator pitch  because that's my sort of running with the global scene. 
You know when I have to go talk to the CEO to say that, look what do we need to do in 
India? To make sure that we hold position and start going forward.  
I think now you have got it covered.  
Aditya: Yeah, I think. 
Rajiv: We are very clear then when we started this drone delivery. We made efficient 
organization in 15 by 20 and now when we said we will grow and deliver, there are 
apprehensions and there are questions that on their growth path and we demonstrated 
that, and I think we'll continue that with our loyal customers and end users. 
You know, last five quarters is not enough for me. 
You know, for people who know me, they know I'm quite restless and you know. 
And I'm not here to play into the, you know, league matches or into the Quarterfinals right 
so? I think that's where I come from so we give it our best. 
What that retains, you know, with a lot of blessing and maybe divine intervention too 
Hopefully we will continue to sort Of continue to put  our mark here. 
I hope that answers your question. 
Aditya: Absolutely Sir, thank you and wish you all the best for the future.  
Rajiv: Thank you we need tons of it.  
Manoj you Raised your hand. 
Manoj: Yes, Sir, so quite a few questions actually. 
First, you know we've been interacting with you for a while. 

Looking up when I take a step back and go 24 months 36 months back. How much of 
let's say what you would have thought at that time, but It got pushed back because of 
COVID. 
Rajiv: Quite a significant amount Manoj, so very good question, so I'll tell you what 
happened. 
You know when COVID happened, you know we are a true blue company and so you 
know. I followed all the instructions to a T so we didn't launch sanitizers to start selling 
paint. We have worked for you know, similar companies in the past, like Unilever, right 
so? 
You know, for me it was about resetting the organization and I must say the team you 
know when management team has worked very closely. Because we realized that some 
of the you know 3 - 4 big innovations that we wanted to put in all got derailed by year 
because the priorities changed with such an intervention, right? You saw that in the 
market. We had to then focus first on the economy segment so you know what we did is 
we went the other way around. So to the question that some people I have been asked 
us in the past and how serious are you about your mass and economy segment? We are 
very Serious as to launch Dulux Promise SmartChoice in Akzo Nobel actually, well, I can 
tell you it required the blessings of you know my line manager, the global CEO and the 
teams, because it was impossible to try and explain why you need to do it, particularly 
when you're coming out of COVID and you know you need to protect your margin. But I 
must say the sort of response you've seen. You know this brand has attained the highest 
volume for us  in a single year for us in the last three decades. So the moment we started 
doing that, the moment we started seeing it's getting accretive to the way we run the 
business, we started getting a lot more tools. So to answer your question. Yes, there was 
a derailment, I would think. By at least about three to six months from an R&D perspective 
even a little more because many of the tests we do know for all the new products we 
launched, we do. A lot of trial steps. Yeah, so we do test in our research in labs we do 
the test in in markets like Cherrapunji for example on exterior to test heavy rainfall, 
performance etc. All that got shelled by. So to that extent, Manoj, it's a fair question what 
you started seeing now is still just what I would say in the trailer, or several things that 
share tool. 
Manoj:  Sir, understood  I'll take it. 
You know, on this particular aspect, the second thing was on the ancillary products. 
Actually, yes you did, alluded to paints. You know, the new products, what you have done 
and also you know. Thanks for the insights on the promise Uh profitability, you know 
aspect etc. But if you could talk a little bit more about, you know the other products you 
know which is which is either coats or waterproofing or anything. Which is which quote,  
unquote  included, which is ancillary? 
Rajiv: Krishna you wanna say something? Yep no, I think so. Can you? Can you just? 

Rajiv: Your line is not clear Manoj. 
Manoj: No, no. 
My question with the noise around me, so I've just kind of unmuting very quickly. 
Was asking was essentially the where are you in the journey of ancillary one?  
What are your aspirations that? 
Rajiv: OK, so let me let me take that on. 
So look, I think on the journey of ancillaries, waterproofing is doing remarkably well. 
You know we are looking at saying how Can we sort of Get a higher presence. 
That's something that we will talk to you a little later, but I think the first sort of results 
we've gotten Dulux Aquatec I could take, and I'm sure all of you are doing your  channel 
checks is very, very comfortable. We've also, as I said, launched our, you know, entire 
simply refresh in DIY, where we've also put certain kits which are also for the first time. 
So really they are thinking around working around some of these fast growing adjacent 
spaces and we will talk more about it. But I think during appropriate times, because some 
of it is still you know what I call it. A bit classified and sorry you know, for reasons you can 
appreciate. We can't sort of get into sort of giving specifics. 
Manoj: OK understood. 
My question was more to do with the aspiration Rajiv is not necessarily about, you know. 
For example, the comment about the promise profitability you know helps me understand 
a little more finer. 
Rajiv: Your question, could you please repeat it?  
Manoj: No no, which is I'm just saying that you know the aspiration part was more 
important, not necessarily about you know anything in the short terms are actually. You 
know, for example, let's say, would you have an aspiration to be a top three player or a 
top five player? 
For example, in paints we are very clear. About what you are gunning at. Right, I mean, 
which is what it's getting it. 
Rajiv: Yeah, so let's be honest, OK, and I'm a very practical human being. 
I like you know, you know I like very ambitious, lofty goals, but I also believe that there is 
a practical side to it, right? 
So because you know, I'm also conscious of some of the history that we've had in this 
company that many of you are invested. 
What I said. 

If you remember first, we will continuously deliver double-digit growth because one of the 
biggest challenges that any industry faces for our #4 player is are you doing things which 
are going to be value accretive right? Because all of you are putting your money on this 
company. For those of you are investing, you must not have any stress either in terms of 
governance or in terms of profitability of the business. 
So that's number 1, 2, ofcourse, any country like India is to get growth right it as we grow 
that is going to be value creating so it has to be profitable growth, right? And that's the 
journey that we've embarked. 
On so yes. 
We will start playing it. 
We have a clear ambition, but you know, I'm not the sort of person who likes to sort of 
advertise. 
Some of those ambitions,  you know, demonstrate it through performance. 
So as we perform, we give you our first year when your number 4 is to become a number 
3 and then to become a number two, you know. 
So for me, I like to climb one step at a time. 
I think we've been in the number four position where I've heard in. 
The last many quarters come from many of our other players saying, you know how they 
would move into these positions. 
So for me it was important to cement it and take it further. 
So we will take it like that Manoj quarter after quarter we are there, you are there, I'm 
there. 
We'll continue to interact and hopefully learn during the process. 
Manoj: Understood Sir, just quickly a couple of more and I'll come back in the que. If you 
could talk about, you know the let's say strategy and execution both on this service part 
of painting and the reason I'm asking this because, you know, given that you have a 
premium portfolio you know predominantly. 
And it is indeed very premium. 
You know, quality, pricing, everything actually right? 
So the context here is that if there is one player who should be, you know investing ahead 
of the curve. 
You know, in this service business it is you right? 
So which I'm not sure which is actually, I find in the market maybe I'm missing. 

So any comments on the service side of it would be very helpful, Sir. 
Rajiv: Absolutely, let me be honest. 
In my first assignment, when I handled the Paints business, that's pretty much what I did. 
We opened the top ten cities that give us painting service, but you know what happened 
is during 15 By 20. So the margins to the EBIT margins. That we were sort of measured 
on and so we have to re scale it. Also, what we started seeing is a lot of people getting 
into it, so you know it became almost an Uber ride service with a lot of clicks in different 
markets coming and you know, start up setting up their own purposes, right? 
But we believe that, like you say, it's a win in premium and as a result we are going to be 
coming back with our painting service. 
I'm not, I'm not using to announce today or talk about it. 
We want to put the entire back end. 
Front end getting from pilots take some learnings of how we can, you know, make it better. 
You already have a strong lead management process because we are entirely on CRM 
now so you know get all that done and then I'll come back to you. 
Hopefully not too late, but you know when they are more. 
Any couple of questions. 
Moderator: Anirudh Joshi has his hand up, he  would you like to ask question. 
Anirudh: Yes, Sir. 
Two questions. 
One obviously considering the growth in revenues of Akzo over the years. Uh, there is a 
definite market share gain in decorative paints, so if you can elaborate more on it whether 
we have gained market share in the premium or the value for money paints, whether it is 
enamel or emulsion or if you can also indicate where we would have gained the market 
share because some of the players have indicated that. They have lost some market 
share in North India, so whether Akzo has gained in North East, southwest? Any details 
on the market share gains any color? 
Rajiv: No, I appreciate it. 
But OK, let me give it a bit of a jab. 
We've got all these things. 
Yeah, we've got by market we've. 
Got by customer. 
Right? 

So just to answer your question, yes we gain market share. But let's also face the honest 
factor being eroded market share in 2018 and a bit in 2020. But you look at our results 
it's basically 17 -18 we eroded, we started pulling it back in 19, but during COVID being 
so, we eroded it A bit of Market share. 
Similarly, in year really put it back right and I'm talking of paints, you know. 
I understand that there are lot of classification like decorative categories. 
We only sell crudes and coatings. We've no other products that we sell. 
Yeah, so on that note what I would like to say is we've seen market share growth in three 
regions, North East and west. In North we've not been able to grow our market share in 
some. That's something that we are cognizant of. 
We had this whole plan in couple of states to start getting it only for me to comment, but 
we are seeing some early signs of events. 
There's some slight improvement count. 
We've sort of done well. 
In both our retail and project segments, in paints, but why Paints? even coatings I must 
say whether it's the powder segment or whether it is Specialty coat we gained share in 
some of the premium segments we operate in powder. We only play premium mass. We 
don't play in the economy segment and similarly also if you look at our VR business 
vehicle refinish, we really play very well in the mass and the equally premium. 
We don't play too much in the economic segments.  
In these segments we've started getting share we are going to now combine and leverage 
to see how We can all win together, which is one of the tasks that I'm now going to see 
how we can start playing together, which we embarked on and use the strength of each 
of the businesses to leverage on the other. As we move forward. 
I hope I've answered your question. 
Anirudh: Yeah, so thanks. 
So last question. Uh, now Akzo has introduced multiple premium products, so the way 
the market is thinking about some down grading or down trading happening in paints, 
consumption and likely some of the unorganized paints also coming back on track now. 
So how do you see the growth for the premium paints in next? 
Rajiv: I see a strong growth for two reason. Let's look at. The impact of India and Indians 
like us, right?  I think parts of the market and segments which were impacted other middle 
class right? Actually one of the sad reflections of the entire COVID and you're reading a 
lot of it. Many of you are covering it and many of our journalist friends are writing. It is the 
rich becoming richer and the poor are becoming poorer so it’s a real sad reflection 

Honestly, for people like me come from very humble backgrounds, I think it's quite sad 
right? But given that within the premium segment. A lot of people have not been for last 
two years going into movies, going on international vacations, a lot of others. You know 
early, you know big fat Indian weddings. All have literally got curtailed. 
All that will slowly start coming back, but one of the things that has happened is people 
are spending more time at home. Even now, many organizations are still including us you 
know, giving still at least one or two days work from. 
In that scenario, people like to work in a home that they believe is something that we feel 
excited about, and that's where the role of paint comes in. And that's where in my mind 
the role of premium paint comes in, because many of the offerings that are there are truly 
something that then she was like when you ask the consumer whether you'd use Dulux 
Velvet Touch, I think 9 out of 10 people know Dulux because of Velvet touch. 
So really I see the premium paint at least till Diwali this year. Right? And I believe in taking 
it slowly and steadily, yes, there will be an impact of inflation. Yes, there will. Be some 
path some at some point of time some down trading, but at this point of time I see premium 
growing very, very well, at least good strong double digits for a couple of quarters and 
we'll have to see how as the impact of the inflation as the impact of the home loans and 
car loans started impacting people and change right. There was an impact because of 
fuel costs, but that fortunately the government Is taking a very good action as a result of 
which at least you know some brief breather is coming back. 
Yeah yeah, so really, you know. 
You know if there's any one last question, happy to take it. 
So, because we and is there any further questions? 
Do feel free to write to Harshi and we are happy to sort of connect at a later point in time. 
Moderator: Yeah, so we've completely run out of time. 
So and as there are no more hands raised, I think we can end the call if there are other 
questions, we'll definitely forward them to across to you, Sir. 
Thank you very much for patiently answering all the queries. 
Thank you Rajiv, Krishna, Harshi 
Thank you all the investors for also making this an interactive session. 
Rajiv: Just give me a minute. 
You know what I want to say is look for me going back into this role in November 2018 
When we first started getting your passion for growth in 2019 and then by early 2020 
COVID wave one hit us and you know what it was. 

We started bouncing back and then you know you are a wave 2 new task. 
But what I really want to thank is all my partners, all the channel partners, all the entire 
team. 
Employees across the length and Breadth of Akzo Nobel and most importantly. 
Many of you have personally reached out to me saying that, you know, we hope to see 
you fight. 
We are very proud of this brand. 
We are very happy to be invested with this Brand. 
Hope that you will feel you know you will sort of continue to raise the bar right? 
For me it is also an opportunity to hold the India Office for Akzo Nobel India and the Indian 
country flag. 
As you know my global parent looks at me. 
Yeah, I think for me there can never be a better opportune moment. 
And really, these are moments for which professionals like me work for. 
So thank you for all your faith. 
Hopefully we've started, you know, in a small way. 
Coming back to you, and let's hope that we will sort of not doing so, but we will continue 
this run and we will look forward to your continued support as we move ahead. 
Thank you Rushad 
Thank you Manoj 
 thank you to each one of you. 
Good day. 
Moderator: Bye, thank you very much, Sir. 
 
