 
 June 3,  2022 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Manager – Listing 
M/s. BSE Ltd. 
 
 
 
M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Dalal Street, Fort  
 
             “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
  
Bandra (E) Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 524816 
 
 
Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call held on May 31, 2022  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),  
        Regulations, 2015  
 
We are herewith enclosing copy of the transcript of the Company's earnings conference call 
for Q4 FY22 held on May 31, 2022. This transcript is also uploaded on our website 
www.natcopharma.co.in. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer   
 
Encl: as above 
Chekuri 
Venkat 
Ramesh
Digitally signed by Chekuri Venkat Ramesh 
DN: c=IN, st=Telangana, 
2.5.4.20=90d42e387bd14ec84f24107c38bbe712c77d154e
1e954b183b90527df9a5cf15, postalCode=500090, 
street=SHREE HOMES COLONY , BACHUPALLY , Bachpalle , 
Medchalmalkajgiri, 
pseudonym=6bb41d7c451b4872971cc058675f7c8c, 
serialNumber=f6910746a5f5b7b789b80a6f72d19727f663
1efba3de76111828b13e92252ebc, o=Personal, 
cn=Chekuri Venkat Ramesh 
Date: 2022.06.03 17:07:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Natco Pharma Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV NANNAPANENI – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. 
RAJESH 
CHEBIYAM 
- 
EXECUTIVE 
VICE 
PRESIDENT, CROP HEALTH SCIENCES, NATCO PHARMA 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KUNAL RANDERIA – EDELWEISS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Natco Pharma Q4 FY22 Conference Call 
hosted by Edelweiss Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal 
Randeria from Edelweiss Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Thank you Diksha and good morning everyone. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities, I welcome 
you all for Natco Pharma's Q4 FY22 Earnings Call. With us, we have Natco Pharma's senior 
management represented by Mr. Rajeev Nannapaneni - Director and Chief Executive Officer 
and Mr. Rajesh Chebiyam - Executive Vice President, Crop Health Sciences. Over to you, 
Rajesh for opening remarks. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Thank you Kunal. Good morning and welcome everyone to Natco's Conference Call in 
discussing our earnings results for the fourth quarter of FY22 and for the full year which ended 
March 31st, 2022. During this call, we may be making certain forward-looking statements or 
statements about future events and anything said on this call which reflects our outlook for the 
future must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Like to state the 
material of the call except for participant questions is the property of NATCO cannot be recorded 
or rebroadcast without NATCO’s expressed written permission. We will begin the call with the 
results highlights and then followed by an interactive Q&A session. So we hope you all received 
the financials and the press release that was sent out earlier. These are also available on our 
website. 
Briefly, The Natco has recorded consolidated total revenue of Rs. 2,043.8 crores for the year 
ended March 31st, 2022, as against Rs. 2,155.7 crores for the last year. The net profit for the 
period on a consolidated basis was Rs. 170 crores as against Rs. 442 crores last year. The 
reduction in the profit was primarily due to inventory value write-off and provision of 
receivables related to COVID products with inventory value write-off of approximately Rs. 232 
crores and provisions of Rs. 46 crores towards estimated credit loss. Export business performed 
well during the quarter driven by Lenalidomide sales and profits. 
For the fourth quarter, which ended 31st March 22, company recorded net revenue of Rs. 610.6 
crores on a consolidated basis as against Rs. 359.7 crores during Q4 of last year. There was a 
loss for the fourth quarter period on a consolidated basis of Rs. 50.5 crores again primarily due 
to the inventory value write-off and provision of estimated credit losses as against in the prior 
year of Rs. 53 crores for the same quarter. Company is confident of strong business growth 
during the upcoming year led by export business of Lenalidomide and growth in other business 
segments. The revenue split has already been shared, so now we will open up for Q&A session 
and take the questions. Thank you. 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Amey Chalke from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
I had two questions, first is on Revlimid, would it be possible for you to share how much months 
of sales have been recognized for Revlimid in Q2 and also after launching this product, what is 
your sense now on the price erosion side compared to the open market where there is no market 
share gap, if we compare with that the price erosion is on the higher side or it is on the lower 
side if then coming from that and also the last on the Revlimid, when we expect to launch the 
remaining two spends of Revlimid where we don’t have exclusivity? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think in terms of Revlimid pricing, I had a conversation with Teva on this, I think Teve doesn’t 
want to reveal the pricing strategy, so I will not give any comment on the pricing and the second 
question is on the amount of stock that we have sold, I think majority of the stock have not been 
sold, the exact percentage I am not able to recollect top of mind, but I think most of the stock 
will be sold in the next financial year. We have just started, it is only one month of launch, so I 
think I would say about 70% of the stock will be sold in the financial year 23, I think that is our 
estimation. 
Amey Chalka: 
And when do you expect to launch the remaining two strength? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The two strength will be I think my understanding is again, I stand to be corrected, I think my 
understanding is that Reddy's has First-to-File what is there in the public domain, so I think after 
Reddy's launch whenever they have. 
Amey Chalka: 
And last question on the India business, of the remaining four business which we have, which 
has been substantially alluded over last 1 or 2 years, what has been the key issue you have 
oncology treatments where we used to have product portfolio, is treatment shifted from those 
products line to the newer products lines or have you lost market share in these products? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think as you know, our focus, oncology obviously represents a significant part of our revenue 
and I think growth in oncology has not been coming because of our high base and price erosion 
that we have seen in our portfolio and again we are not spread out in multiple segments, I think 
we have spread out little bit in gastro and little bit in cardio. Those segments have done well 
which specialists, so we have done reasonably well with specialists and this quarter you have 
seen a higher decline partly because we have taken a fair reversible on some of the COVID 
products and the best that we made on COVID has not worked and I think if you look at the 
money that we have made over the last few years and look at the write-off, more or less I think 
on a net basis, it has not really made any money, I think it has been a disaster, but it is what it is, 
I think business bet that we have made and that has not work. The domestic itself my sense is I 
think if you remove out the reversals and all that stuff, I think it is about Rs. 400 crores business 
give or take, I think that is how the base business is at. It is stable, I will not say it is growing or 
degrowing, I think these are all one-time entry that we had to make. What do I see for the future, 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
I think our base business will grow and at this time I think our target is about 10 to 12% is what 
we want to grow in the next year. I think that is our expectation. The limitation that we have in 
domestic is obviously we don’t have coverage outside the core specialty areas. So recently we 
started a division to cover the general physician and all, but that will take sometimes the uptake 
to happen or to I think as I said we had to look at an acquisition. So looking at that is well, but I 
think we have to find something. At this time, we don’t have anything. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ahmed M. from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ahmed M.: 
My question was regarding the inventory write-off, also we would try to assume that whatever 
write-off we needed to take has been done in Q4 and there won't be anything remaining for next 
financial year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Ahmed, whatever write-off that is there, we have taken, I think we have taken for slow moving 
inventory and COVID primarily as the COVID being majority of it, but I think more or less we 
made an assessment of stock and we have done it. The only inventory, I will not use the word 
risk, but I think I have to use the word risk is on the agro inventory, so we have an agro inventory 
and supplier commitments of about Rs. 85 crores in that region, so as you know we have been 
sued on the process patent, I think that was completely unexpected, but we have to deal with it, 
so we believe that we are not infringing and so it is again the next date of hearings in July and 
the patent expires in August, the compound, so it is when we are looking to launch products. So 
if everything goes well with the court case and we get clarity on it, I think we can liquidate our 
stock, but also because the cross patent litigation, it actually interestingly presents a very 
interesting opportunity because I and too many people who are aggressively pursuing it and we 
win this case and get clarity on it, I think we will have an exclusive or the semi exclusive situation 
which actually will board well for our shareholders, but again we need to have clarity on where 
we are and I think that is a risk that you are running on the inventory over and above what is 
already stated to answer your question. 
Ahmed M.: 
It is question on the OPEX, so should there is some erosion which is visible, so are we building 
onto the market share or what is your, any qualitative comments on OPEX, how does it look? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Our capacity of market share is doing well; I don’t remember what the number is. I think we are 
doing 40-50% is what I recollect, but I am able to recollect top of my head, I don’t recollect, we 
have been stable and we are doing well, but overall as you know there has been, some of the 
market has moved to the orals, Dimethyl Fumarate and other orals that are there, so I think is a 
general reduction in the market, but overall, on the generic I think we are doing extremely well 
in the product. 
Ahmed M: 
Sir, last question in the Revlimid, so there are two components, one in the inventory we transfer 
from our balance sheet to Teva's balance sheet and secondly to the profit share that will be 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
approved to us, sir in the current quarter if the entire inventory which we are supposed to sell to 
Teva at cost or whatever pricing, is it accrued on our P&L? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, so basically we have already given them the stock in the December quarter, so that is 
already done, so what we have accrued in this quarter is only the profit share. 
Ahmed M: 
So is it possible to share the amount? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Teva doesn’t want us to share, I think the Teva is very particular that they won't us to discuss 
anything about the pricing strategy and the profit share amount. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just 2-3 questions, you said normalized sales in domestic business is around Rs. 400 crores, but 
the normalized sales in the rest of the business, how much would that be and related question is, 
we used to want a kind of quite healthy operating margin in the domestic business, say upwards 
of 20% to 25% how is that mode given the kind of price erosion competition which was seen in 
the domestic business in the last 1-2 years? So that is one, second is on the CTPR, the innovator 
has tied up with the Indian company for the contract manufacturing and (Inaudible) 12.59 and 
they are looking at this more of a $4 to $5 billion opportunity, so for us if there is kind of a 
profitable income how are we looking play this? Any update in our play you can give and third 
is, for the Revlimid part, if you can get earlier? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I will try to answer you, don’t ask me so many, I am losing track, so let me answer two questions 
at a time, so let me start with your CTPR question, what other people are doing and contract 
manufacturing and all, I think they are probably part of the global supply chain for the innovator 
and that is why they are getting upside. That is not my business. Our business is to challenge 
patents and to give affordable products. I think that is what we are looking at. The opportunity 
as we declared earlier is there, I think it is a very interesting opportunity because of the litigation 
and the patent line that is there, if you are able to clear the way I think it is a very interesting 
opportunity. I am very excited about the opportunity subject to how the court case goes; I think 
we can give clarity on how we are going to do with that part. That is answer to your first question. 
What was the very early question that you asked, if I could base business, or Revlimid, you 
asked about the base business, right, what did you ask? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Sir, on the base business, ex of domestic, what is the normalized run rate and in terms of the 
margin structure in the domestic business how would that…. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
My margins are always good. I mean if you look at our rep yield, we have almost 8 to 10 lakh 
yield per man, I think we look at, we have one of the best in the industry. This is after hiring, 
actually our yield is even much higher is at almost 15 to 17 lakhs because we have hired to me-

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
too division where we started covering that is the reason why the yield per man is reduced, so in 
terms of margins and all, I think it is very stable good business. The challenge with our Natco 
business has been that it has not grown and mean it is stuck and I think we are COVID which 
increased the domestic where we have touched nearly 500 this year, but if we remove the COVID 
products, I think it is around 400 or in that region. So that is the answer on the base business of 
domestic. Anything else you want to ask me? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Yes, the base business ex of domestic, what is the normalized run rate? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I don’t want to give away too much on Revlimid, I think I am trying to avoid that question, 
but I think we would look at the business this way. Our general PAT if there was no Revlimid, 
for example would have been about Rs. 50 to Rs. 60 crores and whatever we are getting addition 
on Revlimid is what we are getting and we have to remove, may be if you are doing some extra 
R&D then we can remove that out of the EBITDA, but that is how you should think of it. I think 
as core business that is about less than Rs. 300 crores I would say and then everything we get on 
that top is from there and remove if you lose some extra R&D or do some extra R&D spend 
because of the cash flow, that is how you want to think of that. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Last if I can squeeze in, if I can want Revlimid, if you can reiterate what is the profit share, is it 
like 50% or one third? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It is one third, as I think is 30% if I remember, yes 30% is what it is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Just on the Revlimid, why would it be the case that the inventory would not be moving very fast 
because it is REMS program is of innovator and he has been able to control the generic 
movement, is that the way to understand? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Is you question why didn’t sell more than what is sold, is that is the question if I am assuming? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes, we didn’t sell, the entire? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We didn’t sell, I think we are going to sell good portion in the Q1 of this year and there will be 
some portion in Q2 and Q3. It is just that it is launched and we have to set up the REMS because 
there are new products and we take a little bit of time and we only had one month of launch, so 
it just takes, they sold to some, but I think majority of it will be sold through in the next financial 
year. I am not concerned about it. I think we are very comfortable that we are able to liquidate 
the stock. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And in that case, let us say, if the second round of generic entry happen, will we have to take the 
shelf-stock adjustment in that case? 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Not that I am aware of, I think will sell through the stock for the other generics for coming. I am 
not worried about that, I don’t see a challenge on that and in fact when the second order generics 
come in, we will also get a higher share than what we have, so we will have a higher quantity, 
so we will also do well and I think it is a staggered entry for everyone, so I think this will hold 
on for some time. So I am very confident that this will be recurring and it will be stable revenue 
that we will get in the next few years. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And the rents part you said, Teva is setting up it on its own or we are using the innovator's REMS 
program? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we are using innovator's REMS but it is just setting up reimbursement and all, there is 
some logistical issues at the launch time, but I think we have done well. I am not worried about 
our selling stock. I think we are very comfortable we will be able to stock. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, two things, one is on Revlimid, you obviously get an annual allocation of your volumes, 
so is it fair to assume that for us the recognition is going to be evenly spaced out through the 
quarters for the year or there is some lumpiness in the way we recognize revenues through the 
year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I can't speak about future quarters I can only speak about what I feel will happen in few 
weeks, so I think we have recollected some portion, I think we will recognize a good portion in 
Q1 of 23 and then we will taper off a little bit in Q2 and Q3 and again Q4 I think we will get the 
new allocation, so I think the earnings will bump up in Q4, so that is what my estimation and 
again, we will see how it plays out and all and I think we will discuss with Teva and try to 
understand what will happen, but if you want to make an expectation, I think that is what I feel 
will happen, but we will see how it plays out. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And the new allocation happens in Feb of every year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It is the annual increase, every annual is my understanding, I think that is what our understanding 
is. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly, outside of Revlimid, what are your own focus areas for the business for the next 
2 years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I will look at the positive, I think all the subs are doing very well, I think Brazil is turned 
profitable, Canada is doing extremely well, we got very good market share in Canada on 
Revlimid. I think I would say the IMS numbers are not out, but I think what my sales people are 
saying, I think we got on the 40-50% market share in Canada, so we have done extremely well 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
in Canada, so all that is reflecting in the numbers and the domestic is stable and I think in terms 
of for us to do well in our sales business, I think there are 2-3 things need to happen, I think one 
is our domestic has to improve and I think we have to look at doing couple of strategic initiatives, 
two our agro clarity has to come which hopefully we will get the clarity in the next 2 months 
because August is the impending launch subject to the court clearance, so I think that is probably 
two immediate term things to look forward to, but overall I think our objective is to build up 
broad-based multi-country generic business. I think we are present right now on Brazil, Canada 
and India and US and US also we have a front end now, so these four markets will be core rivals 
of our earnings and I think the smaller countries we are present in Philippines and Singapore. So 
overall I think we are very excited and we have some very good filings this year I think just 
articulate what filings we have had. We have 3 FTFs this year. One of them is Semaglutide and 
other one is Acalabrutinib, both have multiple pilots, so that is on those two products and we 
have another filing, I think for Idealisib so there it looks like there we are only FTF, so I think 
we are looking good and I think our idea is that we are able to build a pipeline which can sustain 
over the next 7 to 10 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Veera: 
Just wanted to know what is this Rs. 46 crores of ECL losses that we have moved this year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think out of 46, I think we have general business credit loss, provision we have made and we 
had one particular receivable to one of the state governments that we did COVID supplies which 
have not come and is almost one year it was approaching, I think and then we made decision and 
we should make provision against that. We are hoping that we will be able to recover the money, 
but as prudent accounting, I think we have made a provision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Firstly, based on some of the comments that you mentioned on the Revlimid, so just wanted 
some clarification, so what you said that we transfer our quantity to Teva in December quarter 
and whatever what Teva has bought in Q4 is just the profit share and that would continue in Q1, 
Q2 and Q3 and then again in Q4 we will get another higher allocation based on whatever is there 
and then cycle would repeat over the year, is that the right understanding? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
That is correct, yes, absolutely. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
And for the Q1, you mentioned the comment that about 70-80% are still less to be sold and 
March we have sold is around 20-30%? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
About that I think that is fine, yes. 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So what has led to the primary just the profit share, got it, now based on this we will probably 
get a lot of cash flows on this Revlimid approximately over the years, so would it be a fair 
understanding that the last quarter this cash flows will be used to build the base business or we 
would try to capture some another bigger opportunities that you might have in mind? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
In near term, I think the way we are looking at this is we are gaining good amount of money and 
I think that way cash flows are semi-comfortable I think I am very happy where things are going. 
Right now, I think we are doing the low-hanging fruit, which is spending on R&D, so I think 
our expenses have increased slightly because with the buffer with the cashflow we are investing 
in more interesting R&D ideas, more bold ideas. See, you know this is going to be there for the 
next few years and I think we are something like, see there are the smaller ones which are like 5 
million, 10 million, type of opportunities and then you have the 100 million, 200 million type of 
opportunities. The idea here is that you build about I think few minutes ago I spoke about three 
first-to-files obviously are smaller opportunities, but we need to build one big one and I think 
going forward in the next 10 years, I think at least our visibility for 5 to 6 years where we have 
big jackpots we need to fill, at least I want pull off another 2-3 Revlimid if all goes well, so I 
think that is where we want to spend our money on in the near term and I think I will take from 
there. Regarding the acquisition, we are looking at it, but my sense is that, again I suggest myself 
to again look at what yields are available, we are looking at both domestic and export and I think 
we are very clear that we want to do one larger acquisition which will strengthen the base 
business. I think that is probably we are looking at and place into the strategic interest of the 
company. What that acquisition is, when we will do it, I don’t know, I think we don’t have 
clarity, but I think we have the money, so I think we will obviously do it and I think we have to 
find the right asset. We have time I think hopefully in few months…. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So basically, what we are saying is, the base business would be build primarily on the inorganic 
activation and not organically? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Organic we are doing what we can do in the organic. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
But on the smaller price whatever we are doing like in terms of (Inaudible) 26.30 but the larger, 
for example, we have acquired US frontend as well sometime back… 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
These are all most obvious contract; we do all work in the US and it makes sense to buy the 
frontend then we can plug in and launch our own products. The thing you need to understand 
overall generic business and I think if you look at most generic businesses are not growing. It is 
extremely competitive and the only way you can do something disruptive as you need to buy, 
otherwise you are not going to get growth and this is the elephant in a room, so my sense that 
we will find that. So to answer your question specifically on what you want to do with the cash, 
I will say two things, one is spend on R&D, two is look for an acquisition. 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sandeep from East Lane Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep: 
Rajeev, couple of questions, first is, if you could just talk broadly on the Revlimid market 
formation, there are 10 players, but each one has a staggered entry, so this opportunity should 
be with you till FY25-26, would that be a correct understanding and related to that is the range 
of outcomes because of the price discounting can be various outcomes, can the range of outcome 
of cash flow for you over these 3-3.5 years be very wide depending on the discounts, just broadly 
if you can just put the framework for us? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think that is my understanding Sandeep. I think everybody is coming in a staggered way and I 
think there should be a meaningful amount of money that we are going to make over the next 3-
4 years depending on how people enter that is my understanding that is absolutely correct and 
the erosion and all it is hard to speculate, I think it will be very premature to talk about how 
market will form over the new few years, I think we should have to see, but my sense is that I 
think we should do well in the next few years. That is all I can say at this time. 
Sandeep: 
The reason I asked is that if there is limited entry for everybody, what is the incentive to discount 
massively and kill the whole market? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we will have meaningful money, that is the best way I can answer that question. 
Sandeep: 
The second question is on Copaxone, what is this latest process that issue which has risen on 
Mylan and yourself, how damaging could it be or what is exactly going on? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think it is very premature to say anything at this time we believe it is a frivolous law suit and I 
think, anyway, it is the legal matter, so we will be unfair me to say anything or try to say I think 
we believe it is the frivolous case and I think as you know we have been in the market for more 
than 5-6 years and I think the patents are getting sued I think of 2009 or 2010, but as you are 
aware we have been making Glatiramer much before that and unlike (Inaudible) 29.29 Mylan 
was also much before that and we already saw it is all in public domain that is what I am saying 
I believe it frivolous buy I think we have to deal with what we have to deal with. 
Sandeep: 
And lastly if you could just comment on Afinitor, how big an opportunity can that be, already 
in the market or how to think about that opportunity for Natco? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Afinitor is doing very well for us Sandeep, I think I am very happy with how Afinitor is doing, 
so I think Afinitor is what is driving our export big on our base business. In our base business, I 
think Afinitor, probably the presence is almost 30% of our sale, so I think it is doing extremely 
well and we are very happy with how things, I think we have a generic in US, we have a generic 
in Brazil, we had a sole generic in Brazil which is very good situation and US also I think we 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
are doing well, we have reasonable market share. We are expecting approval in Canada on this 
product. So we have done very well on this product, so I think we are very happy about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just to circle back to the earlier participant's question, given that Glatiramer has been in the 
market for the time that it has been, what possible outcome would you believe that the plaintiff 
is looking at to come up with a suite at this point of time, it is just a little confused when this 
came up? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I am also confused, so I don’t want to speculate there. I think we will stick to what you have said 
earlier. I think we believe it is privilege and I think in any way we have to deal to it, so we will 
leave it. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Generally, I mean the way this business is formed, what I understand is the legal intricacies, the 
outcome of it is actually with the marketing partner and in a lot of ways, you are hedged, so 
would that be the right way to look at this as well? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
At this time it is premature to talk about, obviously Mylan will handle, we had to still handle 
legal aspect of it and I don’t want to speculate this time. I think I don’t want to speculate this 
time; things will progress and I think we will give you more clarity on where we are. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just coming onto Dash what kind of investments are you looking at to build this business or to 
carry it on from where you have picked it up from and typically it is a generic fund end now, so 
this business would generally not require any field force, so really what is the value that this 
front end gets because one would understand having a front end where you have to go out and 
meet prescribers and get prescriptions, but just wanted to understand the value of this and kind 
of investments that this would entail? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Sure, I think we have the para IV pipeline, so all the Para IV pipeline that Natco is making will 
be flowed through that, I think that is what we are trying to do, so that investment is ongoing 
and that investment is reflected in the Natco standalone balance sheet. Regarding that I think at 
this time we brought in and I think operationally we are losing money that is the major part we 
are losing money, so I think in the quarter, I think we lost this March quarter, we lost 4, 5, 6 
crores, so I think that belief that we are having on the pickup. The idea is that I think we are 
going to have some launches from our India pipeline that we are looking to launch. Hopefully, 
in the next 1-1.5 years, we will able to breakeven. See at a strategic level, I think US is going 
through a very hard time, nobody is making money in the US, so the idea now is that just to keep 
it, take this business from let us say we acquired business, 17-18 million business, take this 
business to about 30-35 million, keep it stable and wait for one of our jackpots to come and 
launch those jackpots through this entity, I think that is what we are looking at. Don’t take a 1 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
year, 2 years we own this business, I think we are taking at 7 to 8 years we own this business 
and lot of this Para IV we have and that is all from the provision in the next 6-7 years and here 
we have received 100% later onwards and I think that is the value proposition of the asset, but 
in the near term, it is not going to go dramatically I think we just want to set the house in order 
and make sure that we are not losing money and get Natco name out in the market and have 
reasonable basket, so we have the relationship with the customers and as you said, if that requires 
so much expenses in terms of marketing, it is a straight forward set up. You’re absolutely right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Three questions, one is, just to understand this profit sharing which we have booked, that could 
only be booked when there is extra thing which we have done, right? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
That is correct, absolutely correct, yes. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
So in this there is no product skill this quarter? This quarter revenue when the 465 there is no 
product which is completely only profit share? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And secondly, on Revlimid Canada, I think you have given a good idea and we have been in the 
market for now like almost 4-5 months, how are you looking at this opportunity in terms of 
sustainability and can it be materially different from what we had anticipated and continues to 
Revlimid, on Revlimid Australia we were looking at an opportunity and I think we had filed for 
a settlement there as well, but what I understand that settlement was turned down, so are you 
still looking at Revlimid Australia launch, how is the status there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We will start with Canada; I think Canada is our own front and we are doing extremely well and 
as I said we have very good market share and that is helping to contribute to our consol subs and 
it is one of the most profitable subsidiary we have. Regarding Australia, I think we are working 
with our partner Juno, so we don’t have direct presence in Australia, so they are handling the 
regulatory aspect of things. So we have approval for both Pomalidamide and Lenalidamide in 
Australia, so we are looking to launch. Regarding the settlement and all, I think it is too 
premature to say anything, we are working on it, I think we will clarify once we have clarity on 
this. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Just one thing Rejeev, this profit share like whatever calculations I put in my models I think this 
profit share looks too high, so if we consider a 30% share and what I get is like even the regular 
export business has grown sequentially, so would that be a right conclusion that sequentially 
adjusting for that Rs. 100 crores which we got in Q3 if I adjust and look at the numbers it looks 
like regular business of Afinitor, Copaxone and all has actually grown, would that be right? 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Those businesses have also grown, yes absolutely. I think at this state, again we don’t give too 
much strategy, I think you can make your own conclusions, like I can't answer the question 
directly the way you won't want, but I think the base business is dull about in that Rs. 50 to Rs. 
60 hard range and everything else on the top is what we are getting from here and I think we are 
recognizing revenue based on how things go, so I think that is how you want. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sameer Shah from ValueQuest. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Shah: 
Just one question, what composed this trade receivables as well as inventory, still it seems to be 
a little high? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think it is high and I think what we have decided is my personal view is this, I think we look 
at our inventory, I think lot of it was COVID and we had other nonmoving inventories, I think 
our point was just take the write-off and just go forward and I think there is no point carrying on 
hanging on to these things. So I think that is why we took a call of writing everything off and it 
was a very conservative view. Again, I am not saying that all the stock will be, it is not really 
zero, you can always write it back, but I just thought whether just to remove the hangover of the 
COVID inventory and then just go forward and I said we have ascertained, but this is the risk 
and we removed it and I think the other gentlemen asked me about what other risks we had and 
when we also articulate that we have risks, so going into the next year, I only wanted to carry 
the agro risks, I don’t want to carry anything else and the inventory. I think as far as to bring 
clarity for the investors, I think we thought just clean it up and just go forward. 
Sameer Shah: 
My question is this inventory, say last year was Rs. 800 crores, it is still Rs. 760 crores, 
receivables have gone up from 400 to 600, so in fact even after writing off, the absolute number 
is still very high on the balance sheet? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think basically two things, the cash flow has come through as you know some of the trade 
receivable, good portion of it has already come through, so there is no issue there. In terms of 
inventory and all, what we have done, ours is a very unique business, all the inventory that you 
see, I think remove the agro portion where you are not having much revenue, so the inventory is 
fairly normal and also if you look at our business, it is a very niche limited business and we are 
the only one who will say very clearly I can say I have no issues dealing with the future 12 
months, I have no issues in terms of inventory costs, I have no issue in terms of logistics, because 
we keep all our key products, we keep 8 to 12 months of inventory post COVID that we have 
done and I think we are able to service the demand on lot of our products very comfortably we 
have planned everything 8-12 months ahead, so the margin that we make is much higher, I think 
that is what we have done. Probably, I will be only going to give guidance saying that I am not 
worried about what is going to happen in next 12 months in terms of supply chain challenges or 
China COVID issues and all that. I think we have covered everything and I think that way also 
we have the profit of the year in all our products, I think we have always planned ahead and the 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
reason we do that always because of the return that we make because we don’t make 20%-30% 
return, I think when I hope whether we end up with 10%-15% return is again it is a market 
formation, but when we target, we target to jackpots and I think that is the reason why our 
inventory is always little high, but again we are also trying to be more prudent and try to bring 
down the inventory position, I think, so that we are more in line with the inventory, but definitely 
a little bit higher than what that data is. 
Sameer Shah: 
And in the next 12 months, what investments are planned, either people or CAPEX or anything, 
any kind of? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
CAPEX and all, not required, we have a very comfortable. We have enough capacity and we 
have lot of capacity for domestic, we have lot of capacity for regulated market, we have two 
plants for US, so that way there is no developed capacity. I think what we want to invest other 
side earlier was little bit in R&D just to enhance the pipeline because we are having extra cash 
and look on acquisitions, but otherwise nothing else. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Danesh Mistry from Investor First 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Danesh Mistry: 
I had just two questions, the first is that Rajeev you talked about some time ago that are we 
looking in the domestic business going at 10-12%^so is that essentially just, so do you feel that 
the pricing pressure is done in the domestic onco piece and now some of it will be also driven 
by our gastro and cardio business that is question number one? And question number two is that 
on the agrochem you mentioned that the roll off of the patent base in July, so I understand there 
is a court case, but if the patents rolling off from a very common man kind of perspective, do we 
still need to wait for a court order to go ahead and launch with our product? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I did answer your question on CTPR, I think certainly, just to give you a perspective, so basically 
what has happened is we got sued for the compound product, we have argued that the compound 
partner is not valid, we couldn’t win that decision, so essentially what the court said was that 
you can't launch the product still August of 2022, so that was what the decision was, but if you 
also understand CTPR has multiple patents and so among the multiple patent there is another 
particular patent which expires in 2025 and we have processed, innovator has been aware and 
our process patent has been in public domain all these years if I remember correct, I think our 
process patent has been in the public domain for last 3 years, it has been published. We find it 
very surprising that it is litigating us exactly two months before launch on the process patent, 
but obviously I think it (Inaudible) 44.51 later, I think again I don’t want to judge why he is 
doing it, but I think it is unfair, our process patent has been around all along. He is aware of the 
fact that we want to launch this product in 22, I think he has been aware of it for 3 years, I think 
we have been crying over it every day saying that we want to launch this product, so he is aware 
of it. So we will see I think and we also believe that our process patent is non-infringing, but 
again the court has to accept it, so let us wait, I think the next date of hearing is in July, let us 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
see how it plays out and I think once we get clarity in the court decision, I think we can look at 
it and as I said few minutes ago, it is still an opportunity, if you are able to clear the way I would 
believe we will be in the first wave, everybody assume that there will be multiple generics in 
August. Now, because of the amount of litigation that that FMC is doing, it is very clear that 
there will be only limited competition and we are probably one of the most forefront litigator in 
trying to clear the way. I think it is a very interesting opportunity. I think once we get clarity I 
think we would see that it will be a very interesting opportunity and not far away we will hear 
what is planned for the next 2 months and this is what we do. We look for jackpot opportunities 
and go after that and there will be uncertainty always, I will not, I never will shy away from 
saying that, but this is what we do, but when we deliver, we deliver big. I think that is how we 
look at. 
 Danesh Mistry: 
And the domestic one, the domestic piece? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The domestic piece I said 400, I am talking about the base domestic, it is a human formulation, 
I am not talking about agro, I think we are not mixing them up. Agro is driven by this particular 
product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajath B from iThought. Please go ahead. 
Rajath B: 
Sir, you mentioned that our base business is back at Rs. 50 to Rs. 60 crores, so if we look at our 
annual PBT this year adjusting for the write-off, we did somewhere around Rs. 500 crores, so I 
am little confused what is the base business profits here in that? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I already answered that question. 
Rajath B: 
I think I did not understand out of this Rs. 500 crores of PBT in this year, how much is the base 
business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I already answered your question, I said Rs. 50 to Rs. 60 is the best business for quarter, I think 
that is what we need to look at. 
Rajath B: 
Per quarter is what you are saying, understood and sir, second question is around Revlimid, have 
we been able to take the maximum permissible market share in the one month of sales that we 
did? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I have answered that answer too, I think we have started off, I think most of the stock will be 
sold in this financial year. 
Rajath B: 
So basically whatever volume limits that we have to operate on an annual basis, it can happen 
that in some of the quarter we can sell less volumes and in some of the quarters we can sell more, 
so that on an annual basis, it comes to that limit that we have? 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Absolutely correct. I think one of the gentlemen asked that I think good quantity will be sold be 
in Q1 and there will be some quantity in Q2 and Q3, again Q4 will be better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, on the few products this year, these are again partnered out or now this is in this case 
you have chosen to keep them on your own front end? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Of the three that I have said, so one was Semaglutide, Semaglutide we have partnered out and 
the other two, Acalabrutinib and _49.50__ we kept for ourselves. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly on the India business, so for now, our primary bulk of our sales are essentially 
coming from oncology, how are the other, has there been any positive movement on the cardiac, 
diabetes pieces here and how do you, what opportunity do you see in next year for this? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we are doing well Nitin, I think we had a very good brand of Apixaban, so I think we 
have done well, Apixaban is doing extremely well, I think we have a run rate of about Rs. 2.5-
Rs. 3 crores of quarter on the secondary, so the brand has done well, this is probably one of the 
bigger achievements, so this is the generic version of Eliquis, so it has been one, so we have 
some new ideas. I think we are launching some more products in the next (Inaudible) 50.40. I 
believe it will be stable good business, but again I also said that we need to expand our portfolio, 
I think we don’t have that benefit of doing a large multi-portfolio, diversified portfolio like other 
bigger players, but I will be working on it. I think as I said, we have to look at on acquisition 
and also organically look at things to grow, but we are positive that this business should do well. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And last thing on the agrochemical business, after CTPR, is there another, do you have filing 
portfolio there in the business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, we have very interesting products, I think we will file them in the next 12 months, they are 
all very interesting, but CTPR is always the biggest point, but they are all very smart interesting 
filings. Some of them are interesting technologies and some of them are interesting partner 
challenges. We will articulate as and when we find. I don’t want to reach the pipeline, but 
definitely you will hear about it in the next 12 months. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And this would be what, again I start with an India focused play or you are looking at doing 
overseas businesses also on that recommended piece? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I would now be focusing on India; I think that is where the real opportunity, I think we 
are taking the B2C approach, we are going to consume them directly and I think that is where 
the real value is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kartik Mehta. Please go ahead. 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Kartik Mehta: 
I just had two questions here, one is Revlimid in the US, so in the event that COVID wave does 
not there, is there any outlook on your existing product for the product that you will get approved 
this year? Second question is, is there any element of higher or nonrecurring element in the other 
expenses after the inventory also because on a Y-o-Y, it has almost doubled? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes sure, I think I have answered that question, I have started the expenses, I think what we have 
done is there is 100 has become 200 and I think about 40 is the ECL provision, but 50-60 is 
additional R&D that we have done, so I think with the surplus that they are having, we are 
spending on R&D and I think that is the reason why you see it and I think depending on which 
project you are doing, you are going to see a little bit of extra R&D expense in the normal that 
we are doing because of the surplus that we have and first question that we have is what is we 
have this year, I think we have few other launches, we have another smaller products for which 
we are going to launch soon. We will announce shortly, so we have another big launch coming 
up. These are also going to have. 
Kartik Mehta: 
You are talking about FY23 or is it? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
In this financial year, that is correct. 
Kartik Mehta: 
And just on the R&D, so what should we look at normalized R&D in terms of, while there is an 
accelerated effort as you get more revenues from Revlimid, but as a ballpark number, will it be 
x4 what you did here or because that number on a quarter-on-quarter basis would be in a way 
and outcome in the way in which you feel that you want to accelerate any of the existing process, 
can you help us on that? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think there will be an increase, how much that increase and all and which quarter it will reflect, 
how and all it depends on when the expenditure will kick in. There will definitely be an increase. 
If you ask me how much increases, I don’t have an answer right now Karthik, I think let me 
come prepared with an answer, but how much more and all let me do, because you are asking 
me I am not prepared for that answer, so I come prepared next time and answer that question. 
Kartik Mehta: 
Broadly, will that expense be into product filings or will it be, is it a mix of product filing and 
litigation or is it for India? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Next year, expenses will be characterized in three categories Kartik, it will be one in bio-clinical 
studies or clinical studies, two in what you call clinical studies and second thing is litigation 
expenses and three is raw material expenses, because that is of the exhibit batch write-off. 
Essentially, the whole three is what drives the R&D, so exhibit batch write-off will be reflected 
in consumption, legal and what you call clinical and bio clinical expenses and R&D expense 
will be reflected in other expenses, I think that is how it works. 
Kartik Mehta: 
Lastly, this will be for products which will come at least after 3-4 years, right, is it fair to assume? 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
As I said know earlier, I think you need to build the next pipeline, in addition to Ibruvia and 
Revlimid and Copaxone maybe in other three four… but unless you spend meaningful amount 
of money you will not get and you won't guess by doing 5 crores, 10 crores, you have to spend 
sometimes, like Semaglutide we had to spend more than 100 to get an outcome on that, but the 
thing is but again there we played a little conservatively by out-licensing that product, but the 
real good ones, we do spend big money, I think it doesn’t come cheap, but again big money has 
also been big returns as well, not all the time, sometimes, but unless it you gamble and spend 
that sort of money, you are not going to get anything meaningful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Ravi Purway. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purway: 
Most of the questions have been answered, just one doubt that I have Rajeev, I think you had 
mentioned about base business profits be Rs. 50-Rs. 60 crores, are you referring to base business 
both India as well as the overseas base business not including Revlimid? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I am excluding, base business, I am including the subsidiaries and India. 
Ravi Purway: 
Subsidiary meaning, both overseas subsidiaries as well as India, both domestic as well as India 
export, right? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Exactly. 
Ravi Purway: 
I think you have mentioned in the call that lot of your new products have been very successful 
and you are quite happy with their performance like Afinitor and all, so if I look at your 
performance, let us say, 3 years back or 4 years back, so is there a fair kind of understanding 
large part of the profits of the products which are still kind of continuing to contribute on 
revenues be it Tamiflu, Copaxone, or domestic onco, the profit margin that these business have 
dramatically reduced over the last 2 years, in the sense during this season the profit margins have 
been half in this businesses for us and they kind of sense of commoditized to a large extent say 
Afinitor or let us say Revlimid and Revlimid Canada which is kind rephrasing that lost profit in 
a sense? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We need to understand how generics business works, I think if you look at the export generic 
business, everything that we will do will keep reducing every year by 10, 15, 20%, so let us say 
what you made in 2017, 2018, if you were to look at the numbers today, there will be a 50% 
collapse in that, essentially it is a tread mill, so you need to keep coming and launching new 
products and replacing what you are losing on your base business. That is the nature of these. 
There is no other way of looking at this and I think you just had to keep coming out with a new 
idea. I think if you look at the last 6-7 years, we all had one special idea which always took the 
earnings and Tamiflu took care of earnings for almost 3-4 years, Copaxone has been consistent 
and continues to be consistent that we had to just see which did extremely well for few years, so 
you need to keep coming up something new every year and I think luckily we always come up 

 
Natco Pharma Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
with something every year which keeps the earnings up and that is how we have to look at this 
business. We take our track record for last 7-8 years we are able to deliver something or the other 
which allows us to keep our EBITDA at a reasonable level and that is how this business is. We 
just had every year we have to keep delivering something, something good happens, we take 
care of earnings for 2-3 years, again you need to come up with the next big idea and I think you 
look at it this way like earlier our subs were zero now subs represent almost 80 to 100% revenue 
for quarter, we had actually replaced Rs. 400 crores of sale like we have lost in our base business 
with subs up but not at the same level of profitability because the profitability earlier was on 
lower expense base that we have had, expenses have gone up and portfolio is far more better 
than what it is, I mean you just had to keep coming up something new and then hope that it 
works. 
Ravi Purway: 
Do you see domestic business is also going through similar path that this time around and the 
base profitability of the domestic business kind of got cutting half in the last 2 years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think our portfolio is very unique. It have lot of profitability and generally in the industry, 
things have been more stable, I think because of the nature of our concentrated portfolio we have 
launched, but overall it has been a fairly stable earnings again. Domestic is always stable, I think 
there is no doubt in that but just because we won't have a large portfolio and not seeing the 
impact of that on our balance sheet. Still domestic represents only 25% of our sales, so it is not 
like some of our peers, large share and more of their EBITDA compared to my EBITDA. 
Challenge of the domestic building it is very difficult, but once you build it, it is a reasonable 
annuity, but the overall if you see the base portfolio doesn’t grow dramatically, you need to 
understand when somebody says it grows around 10% or 15%, half of it comes on a base 
portfolio growth and half of it will come from new launches. Once we are able to do new with 
launches, but we are not able to do and get a growth from the base business, because our base is 
very small, I think that is the difference between, let us say, ours than everyone else. How do 
you fix it, I mean you have to buy something else, but again when you are trying to buy a 
business, it grows only at 5-6% how much it will need to pay, as a question that we always trying 
to answer and I think hopefully we are able to find an answer to that question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This was the last question. Over to the management for their closing comments. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Thank you all again. The questions related to this call will be available after we get consolidate 
all the aspects. Feel free to reach out to us anything specific to the call. Thank you all. Have a 
good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
