 
 
 
 
Regd. Office & Works: Plot No. 428/2, Phase I, Industrial Area, Siltara, Raipur – 493111, Chhattisgarh 
Corporate Office: Hira Arcade, Near Bus Stand, Pandri, Raipur - 492004, Chhattisgarh 
Web Site: www.godawaripowerispat.com, Email Id: yarra.rao@hiragroup.com 
CIN: L27106CT1999PLC013756 Contact No.: 0771-4082000 Fax: 0771-4057601 
 
 
 
 
REF: GPIL/NSE&BSE/2022/4734 
 
 
 
 
 
           Date: 03.06.2022 
 
To, 
 
1. The Listing Department, 
 
 
       2. The Corporate Relation Department, 
    The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
 
The BSE Limited, Mumbai, 
    Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building, 
    Bandra (E), MUMBAI – 400051 
 
 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI – 400 001 
  
    NSE Symbol: GPIL  
 
 
 
BSE Security Code: 532734 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Conference Call held on 30th May, 2022. 
 
This has reference to conference call held on 30th May, 2022 for Analyst/Institutional Investors/Fund 
House/Investors etc., please find attached herewith the Transcript of Conference Call. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the company viz., 
www.godawaripowerispat.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, GODAWARI POWER AND ISPAT LIMITED 
 
 
 
Y.C. RAO 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl : As Above 
 
Yarra 
Chandra Rao
Digitally signed by Yarra Chandra Rao 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=492007, 
st=Chhattisgarh, 
2.5.4.20=a6c7f115836b640936c2723d6b221053bd
5209f81a2d23d9d19e5659cbfccecd, 
pseudonym=C94C953B76495582E6525032302B3B
FA9C8A8B6C, 
serialNumber=9370AFCE8F71B28F5B5DEEE1ACDA
0C81F2F93D91967B0645C7B97E9B1DDF4A87, 
cn=Yarra Chandra Rao 
Date: 2022.06.03 15:19:37 +05'30'

1 
 
“GPIL Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. SANA KAPOOR – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B L AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GODAWARI POWER & ISPAT LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK AGRAWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GODAWARI POWER & ISPAT LIMITED 
MR. SIDDHARTH AGRAWAL - EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – GODAWARI POWER & ISPAT LIMITED 
MR. DINESH GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GODAWARI POWER & ISPAT LIMITED 

 
2 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godawari Power and Ispat Limited Q4 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Sana Kapoor from GO India Advisors. Thank you and over to you Madam. 
 
Sana Kapoor: 
Thank you Peter. Good morning everybody and welcome to Godawari Power and Ispat 
Limited Earnings Call to discuss the Q4 FY2022 results. We have on the call Mr. B L 
Agrawal, Managing Director, Mr. Abhishek Agrawal, Executive Director, Mr. Siddharth 
Agrawal, Executive Director, and Mr. Dinesh Gandhi, Executive Director. We must remind 
you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward looking statements and 
must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. May I now 
request Mr. Dinesh Gandhi to takes us through the company’s business outlook and 
financial highlights subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you Sir. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you Sana. Good morning ladies and gentleman and thank you for joining us on the 
earning call today for the Q4 and FY2022. I trust you have had a look at the earning 
presentation uploaded on the exchanges and the company website. I will briefly discuss the 
results and other business developments and then we will open the house for Q&A. 
 
As you are all aware FY2022 was a landmark year in the history of GPIL. We have 
achieved many strategic milestones during the year. Just to name GPIL had a record 
breaking financial performance substantially higher and highest ever revenue EBITDA and 
PAT. The consolidated revenue increased to Rs.5399 Crores. EBITDA had increased to 
Rs.1864 Crores which is 36% and 64% higher respectively. The consolidated PAT more 
than doubled to Rs.1403 Crores from Rs.627 Crores an increase of 136% Y-o-Y. Even on 
quarterly basis, PAT from continuing operations attributable to the owners of the company 
increased by 24%. The company has achieved net debt free status on standalone balance 
sheet in Q1 FY2022 on a consolidated basis in Q4 FY2022. The company is net cash 
positive as of March 31, 2022. Consequently the pledge on promoter shareholding was fully 
extinguished and reduced to zero in April 2022 from the level of 32% at the end of the last 
financial year. The company has divested the entire 100% shareholding in non core 
business of solar and thermal power housed in Godawari Green Energy and earned a net 
profit of Rs.98 Crores on investment which is reflected as an exceptional item in our results. 
The company has started manufacturing high grade pellet during the year which commands 
the higher price in market by about Rs.1500 a tonne over the commercial grade of the 
pellet. The company has started supplying pellet to large steel companies in domestic 

 
3 
 
 
market as well as started exports of the same. The company has taken step forward to 
consolidate the operations related to iron and steel business in the group and the same is 
being consolidated under GPIL and accordingly increase the stake to 76% in HFAL. Going 
forward the company plans to consolidate remaining investment in Hira Ferro and Alok 
Ferro. Further moving on the consolidation the board has approved the acquisition of 25 
megawatt thermal power plant of Jagdamba power on slump sale basis lump sum 
consideration of Rs.70 Crores. The transaction is expected to be completed by June end. 
This transaction is value accretive as GPIL needs the power and the cost of power on a 
longer term basis, which will be much competitive as compared to the grid power. The 25 
megawatt power project is also critical for value addition business otherwise we cannot 
move the volume on the grid power alone. Finally the board has declared the final dividend 
of 140% on expanded share capital consisting of split of equity share and issue of bonus 
share till the year in the ratio of 1:1. 
 
Coming on the operational performance, I am happy to report that GPIL has achieved 
highest production volume in iron ore mining, iron ore pellet and Ferro alloys business. All 
of them are of 36%, 6% and 14% respectively on Y-o-Y basis. The production volumes of 
the value added product like sponge iron and pellets in Q4 was lower on account of 
production quantity reaching the full EC limit and therefore we have to suspend the 
production of sponge iron, which resulted in lower wastage recovery power generation and 
consequently the lower production of the steel billets. On a Y-o-Y basis, the sales of iron 
ore pellet and sponge iron were up 3% and 21% respectively. The sale of billet and HD wire 
reduced by 33% and 64%. The overall volume of billet and wire was on account of 
strategic shift of the higher volume of sales of the sponge iron and wire roll on account of 
better profitability as compared to the value addition margin. Realizations if compared 
annually on all products have shown great performance due to better demand conditions in 
domestic and global markets. The pellet realizations was much higher in the first half of the 
year and the value added business had a better realization in the second half. As compared 
to FY2021 the average realization of iron led or in the sponge iron increased 50%, 44% and 
54% respectively. Even on quarterly basis Q4 our iron ore pellet realization and sponge iron 
realization increased by 10% and 8% quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
I will now briefly touch upon the growth outlook and the initiatives taken by the company 
in this regard. As you aware, we are focusing on reducing carbon footprint by setting up 
three captive solar power projects with the capacity of 155 megawatt. These projects are not 
only environment friendly but also expected to save substantial cost for the company by 
replacing the grid power. The projects are progressing well. With regards to the 70 
megawatt Rajnandgaon project of GPIL is fully ready and awaiting synchronization with 
the grid and expect to start generation very soon may be in a couple of days. The other two 
projects are expected to be commissioned by end of Q3 FY2022. Apart from this the 
company already generates 42 megawatt captive power from wastage recovery, for 20 

 
4 
 
 
megawatt biomass power in GPIL and 8 megawatt biomass power in HFAL. We will 
continue to focus on our competitive advantage. Our earlier proposal of setting up HR and 
CR mill has dropped in view of substantially higher capital investment originally envisaged 
by the company. Our focus will now be on intermediate products like pellet, pig iron and 
billets. We are working on the final product details and will be announced in due course 
with capital investment required. The company is aiming to set up one million tonnes 
Greenfield pig iron plant. There is a good demand of pellet in our local markets. The 
company is also planning to setup a lower width steel mill at its exiting location and 
therefore the company has kept on hold the expansion capacity in the steel billet. The final 
details about the change in plan are being worked out and will be announced with Q1 
results. Our iron ore mines have a long life of 35 years. I am happy to report that the 
reserves in our iron ore mining has substantially increased consequent upon the additional 
trialing taken by the company during the year and now we have established that the reserves 
are to the extent of 165 million tonnes for the mine as compared to earlier estimate of 35 
million to 40 million tonnes. We are now moving ahead with increasing the EC limit for our 
iron ore mining capacity from 3 million tonne to 5 million tonne and eventually we will 
increase it to 9 million tonne depending upon the future growth plans of the company. The 
capex guidance for FY2023 is around Rs.500 Crores. As we have mentioned our capex will 
be primarily funded through the internal accruals. The details of the capex are given in our 
presentation. With regards to the guidance, on the production volume in FY2023, we expect 
to produce about 2.7 to 2.9 million tonne of iron ore and about 2.4 million tonne of pellets 
in the FY2023. The company is now 100% captive in meeting its iron requirement. We will 
maintain focus on high grade pellet in intermediate products. The company is better placed 
compared to the other players in view of the captive iron ore resources which leads to cost 
saving and high grade pellets in which we realize higher prices. 
 
Coming on the market outlook, on the international side, the iron ore market is in slightly 
deficit in Q4 FY2022 and production disruption. Russia and Ukraine war disrupted the 
supply of iron ore supply of steel and raw material thereby increasing the demand of iron 
ore in Europe and Asia. Iron ore prices in Q4 were range bound and expected to stay in the 
range of 120 in the rest of the year. The demand and consumption of the steel and other 
commodities in China is subdued due to havoc created by the COVID and the lockdown. 
Expectations in the Chinese market will recover if the lockdowns are expected to ease and 
the government will provide required stimulus. I have just seen a media report that Chinese 
government has announced a stimulus package of 300 billion Yuan although the reports are 
not yet confirmed but this is what is floating in the social media. Coming on the domestic 
iron ore, as you are all aware the government has recently levied an export duty on iron ore. 
Iron ore fines from 0%/ 30% to 50% and pellet which was having nil export duty has been 
subject to now export duty of 45%. Finished steel products and semi finished and finished 
steel products, the export duty is leveled at 15%. This is likely to definitely put pressure on 
the domestic iron ore and the pellet prices and also the finished steel prices. The prices are 

 
5 
 
 
expected to be close to the export prices based on the international demand supply. NMDC 
has already reduced the iron ore prices by Rs.750 a tonne a few days ago. Going forward 
the price dynamics of iron ore and pellet will depend on the impact of export duty and the 
demand and supply scenario in both domestic and international prices. Some support will 
come from the increased cost introduction of the auction of iron ore mine under even 
circumstances. The markets are expected to be normalized over the next couple of days. We 
remain conscious of the situation in watching the emerging market conditions, which will 
drive the profitability of the company going forward. Thank you and now we can open the 
floor for question and answers. Over to you. 
 
Moderate: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jatin D from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
 
Jatin D: 
Good morning Sir and thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand the overall 
view of the company on this export price because you are one of the larger exporter of 
pellets and with this duty on export price how do you see to pricing moving in the domestic 
market and the impact on the overall profit of the company? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
It is very difficult to quantify on the profitability of the company at this stage but definitely 
this 45% duty wherein India has the export of surplus of the iron ore as well as the iron ore 
pellet both. India was exporting close to about 20 million tonne of iron ore and 15 to 20 
million tonne of iron ore pellet in the global markets. Now this is definitely going to put in 
the pressure. As I said in my opening remarks we are watching the situation but we expect 
the prices for a higher grade pellet we should command better price of Rs.1500 a tonne and 
not only in export we have reduced the export in the second half of the last financial year 
and we have started supply the high grade pellet even to the large steel manufacturing 
companies in India and partially pellet we have captive consumption and partially we sell it 
in the local market but the pricing trend will be able to come to know only in the next few 
days because everybody is shocked with the kind of decision which has been taken and 
trying to access the situation. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Just to add what Dinesh just said with the coking coal prices and steel being on very high 
side so the high grade pellets you produce of 65 with alumina content of 1% so we have 
been able to tap the domestic market where Tata Steel, JSPL, and all these big buyers who 
operate the big blast furnace have been using our high grade pellets for the last few months. 
Tata Steel has been buying from us every month so we are confident with bigger chunk of 
production being on the high gate side we should be able to utilize some level of price drop 
because of export ban rather duty on export side. 

 
6 
 
 
Jatin D: 
Sir in case of GPIL so we would be having some contract which would have been lined up 
to be executed in this quarter so have we executed fully or we will be taking a hit on the 
current quarters volume as well in the export market? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No as we have always mentioned a book order of almost four to six weeks so this quarter 
there will not be any impact because we have already supplying. Our maximum volume is 
going to domestic market so this quarter there will not be much impact of the export 
market. There was one shipment. We were supposed to go in the end of June so we are 
talking to the buyer to find a solution so that you long term perspective the relation does not 
get spoilt and that particular volume will be substituted by supplying your domestic market 
so this quarter we do not see very big impact happening on the pellet side and the impact on 
the financial side. 
 
Jatin D: 
Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Motishaw with Reliance Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Good morning Sir. Congratulations and a great performance in FY2022 and thank you for 
the detailed presentation. Sir could you quantify the export percentage in 4Q and FY2022 of 
volume or something as a percentage of total sales? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
FY2022 will be closer to 30% to 35% and Q4 Abhishek you have ready the quantity 
available export how many consignments. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
We have done one shipment in every month since we are supplying a domestic market, so 
we reduced volume in the export side and we were doing one shipment of 55 every month. 
So, the export volume has considerably gone down compared to previous quarter. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Okay, got it. Sir, so how much is the realization gap between domestic and exports? 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, we were supplying at the same level which were supplying for export for our high 
grade pellet. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Okay, so there is no gap as such? 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
There was no gap as such because we were selling the product domestically and export at 
the same level, so the export market was going up, so domestic prices were automatically 
going up, the export was going down, so substantially the domestic prices went down, so 
both are in tandem. 
 

 
7 
 
 
 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Okay, understood and Sir you have guided us 2.4 million tonnes for FY2023, so are you 
confident that I mean without exports would you achieve this and when do you expect this 
export duty to be in place? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I wish we had an answer for this whether duty is going to be reversed but we are hopeful 
that this is a short-term measure to control the prices because everybody knows the 
inflation is very high, the infra projects were on a standstill because of the prices, same 
steel sold at 7000 plus, so this was the measure taken by the Indian Government to 
probably control the inflation, so hopefully this is a short-term measure, not a long-term, 
we have to wait and watch and in terms of the production volume been sold, we are 
confident we will be able to find new buyers to replace the export volumes only because 
we had this high grade market where coking coal being on a higher side is going to support 
us. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Okay, understood. Sir, are you in dialogue with the government or something for this or 
how is it? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
See of course we have a pellet association at India level, so we had started a dialogue, it is 
always better do talk with numbers and data so we have given certain numbers and data to 
the government and hopefully things should get resolved soon. Unsure to say anything, but 
we have started a dialogue with the Finance Minister and Commerce Minister at 
association level of course not on an individual level. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Alright, okay. What would be the current spot versus total average current spot price of our 
high grade pellets? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Current spot price of high grade pellets price is about Rs.11500 going forward. The earlier 
price was about Rs.12000 – Rs.12500 so a reduction of probably Rs.1000 we are expecting 
looking at the current market scenario. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Sir, I am sorry, I did not get you, you are saying 11500 currently? 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes, the orders we are executing the high grade orders are 12000 plus levels and since we 
have booked till almost end of June, we have time to correct the amount as required going 
forward. At the moment we are very comfortable. 
 
Kunal Motishaw: 
Okay, thank you. I will come back again if I have questions. 
 
 

 
8 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prashanth KP Kota from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Prashanth Kota: 
Good morning and congrats for the good year FY2022, what we are always hearing should 
not happen, has happened, I think how the steel sector operates because it is in the same 
value chain, we will do exports at some price, it is pricing based on international market 
but when it comes to domestic market, all the ferros, non ferros entire metals state follow 
import parity price similarly even now if there is a duty, let the duty be there on exports, 
we will reduce volume on exports, but domestic volumes see collectively work along with 
the iron ore industry etc., the prices can be held up well, where I am coming from I will tell 
you, if pellet price has come down, iron ore lumps will come down, if iron ore lumps 
comes down, price will come down again if price will come down, pellets will come down, 
so it is a vicious spiral somewhere someone who also lock it and if he take the first more in 
terms of reducing price, so as pellet industry then iron ore will follow then lumps will 
follow, pellets will follow, the fines will follow, so somewhere somebody have to 
completely lock this, I want to know your thoughts and how to think about? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, unfortunately I do not agree with your thought process because everything commodity 
means demand and supply, so first everybody knows there is pellet surplus in India, so 
eventually there will be price fall but the only way has to be done is when the prices has to 
go up, it takes a second for the seller but when the price has to go down, it will takes 
almost a day, so the difference the time gap which is required for the prices to correct takes 
some time, so eventually all the pellet buyers, of fines will stop making the fines, so mines 
will come under pressure then they will revise their prices, so it is a cat and mouse game, it 
is all about being patience, things will not happen overnight, so going forward we have to 
wait and see how much prices go down, how much pine price go down, so it is very 
complicated but the patience is the only thing I can say right now. It is too early to say 
anything right now. 
 
Prashanth Kota: 
Got your point. Just input from the steel, steel always trade at import price in the domestic 
market, so some efforts from our side also, if we are not there, what is the other alternative 
even iron ore if Indian miners do not supply, they have to import then what is the import 
tariff, so somewhere..? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Eventually prices will correct definitely, this is about matter of time, nobody would like to 
for example miners, they would never want to do mining and do not sell in the market, 
right, even they are into the merchant mining, so eventually they will sell, they will scale 
the prices but everything will be driven by demand in supply and things will take time for a 
certain level of correction or certain level of stabilization, this was announced last week 
only, this is the second week, so let be patience and see how market corrects itself. 
 

 
9 
 
 
 
 
Prashanth Kota: 
Understood Sir. Thank you for your time and wish you all the best. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vikas Singh with Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Good morning, Sir, while the prices would obviously take some time to readjust to the new 
reality, I just wanted to understand in last one week, how has the prices for our product 
segment has changed basically? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
See, there are no more major transactions in the pellet as of now in the local market, 
everybody is busy and waiting and watching, so we are also supplying whatever ordered 
quantities are there, so the business continues as it is and everybody is in wait and watch 
mode, steel the prices have gone down to some extent I think sponge iron prices have gone 
down to about 32,000, billets have come to the level of 45,000, so prices have started 
falling in the finished market at some point of time, the prices will come down in the pellet 
as well but we have to wait and watch. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood Sir and my second question pertains to our Q4 volumes have been lower 
because of the mill was under shutdown, so have you been able to complete the 
maintenance and now it is up and running up full utilization or still 1Q would also be 
impacted to certain extent? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No, I will tell you, in fact Q4 our production volume in sponge iron and billet as I said in 
my opening remarks were lower because of we reaching the EC limit, production capacity 
for sponge iron is 500,000 tons and we reached that limit so we cannot produce more than 
that and our application for enhancement in the capacity, environmental approval is still 
pending with the State Government, so we had no choice but to shut down and if I 
shutdown the sponge iron then the power generation will be lower at recovery and I cannot 
produce the billet at low price and sell it because it will not be economically viable and 
buying a sponge iron from the market, so we discontinued the production in steel billets as 
well and we took this opportunity for the maintenance of the plant, so maintenance were 
completed and now plants have started functioning as normal. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood, Sir what is the export prices of high-grade pellet, if you can tell us? 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
See the last order we did was roughly about Rs.12500 ex plant realization because we were 
suppose to deliver in June. 
 

 
10 
 
 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Okay and whatever the orders we had, we do not have to pay duty on that, right so that is 
the basic understanding or there is still some confusion? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, there is no confusion, unfortunately whatever orders are pending for exports, you have 
to pay the duty, there is no recession by the government, so if we happen to export our 
pending order which is supposed to be in June then we have to absorb 45% duty and sell 
the shipment, so that is why I said we are talking to the buyer we have a long term 
relationship with the buyer, we have been doing business with them almost three years 
now, so even they understand the situation, so we are trying to find a solution where both 
are happy. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood and Sir this Jagdamba Power purchase we are paying that money for 66% of 
the pending stake, right? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No Vikas, we are buying the plant on slump sale basis, so we will pay 70 Crores to the 
Jagdamba Power and going forward we will either tender the share in the buyback to be 
announced by Jagdamba whatever shares we have and let me tell you and clarify Jagdamba 
had given us this 26% shareholding at a price of Rs.10 per share in 2013 when we wanted 
to supply under the captive route, so we are trying to find out a mechanism for that to 
tender the share to them. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
So, are we saying that our effective price at the end of the day because we have to tend a 
certain sales would be less than 70 Crores, is that correct? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Slightly less than because we had not paid the fair value at the time of taking this 26% 
shareholding at Rs.10 per share rate? 
 
Vikas Singh: 
We would be tendering also at a very low price? 
 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, definitely I am the tender because this is an arrangement mutually beneficial 
arrangement was there, we did not wanted to invest money in 2013-2014 when the, you 
know market conditions were there at that point of time. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood and Sir just one last question, in terms of our high grade pellet versus normal 
grade pellet, if we had to shift this entire quantity to the domestic market, just wanted to 
understand is the propensity in the domestic market is more towards the cost and they 
would take a lower grade pellet and then we have to steep our production or it is a vice-a- 
versa that high grade pellet would continue to dominate the market and we would be just 
slightly better of them rest of the players in the pellet price in the market, just wanted ….? 
 

 
11 
 
 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I would go with the situation two, so firstly the domestic market of pellet which is based 
out of 63 Fe the commercial market which is driven by demand and supply, high grade 
pellet because we are the only company in India who is making high grade pellet, so the 
target customers are totally different which are biggest steel mills like Tata, JSP and all 
these guys and they prefer, they give priority because of the coking coal prices because of 
the better quality, the coke coal consumption in the blast furnace goes down so it given 
them added advantage in steel production in terms of the cost as well as the production 
level, so both the market is totally different and we will continue to produce at a desired 
level, will not reducing any kind of production, that is for sure. We are confident we can 
sell whatever we produce. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood Sir. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question and all the best for future. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera with SVAN Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Good morning. Congrats for a good set of numbers. Regarding this high-grade pellet, could 
you just give some break up is it that the last year the entire production and sale were high 
grade pellet or was there some breakup? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
To be honest it is difficult to give you an exact number but I can say with the current 
production volume, about 60%-65% is in the high grade pellets and about 30%-35% is low 
grade pellet, so 65% pellet are totally sold out in the domestic market, for the high grade 
pellet part of it is consuming in steel making and part of it remaining is showing machine 
market being export now it is going to be totally domestic till the duty material is around. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, and for our captive consumption we have flexibility on both high grade and fine 
grade pellet, so…? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
We have set within both depending on the current seen market in the prices which is 
changing the combination, ultimately it is about I think it should be on the higher side. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, and you mentioned that from what I could gather that you get around Rs.1500 per 
tonne premium and you sell high grade pellets, correct? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, that was the earlier case, so when we started doing that but now since we have a brand 
in the domestic as well as export market now we are getting close to Rs.2000 to Rs.2500 a 
tonne. 
 

 
12  
 
 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And in case your target for the next year, in case you want to produce the entire quantity as 
high-grade pellets, is that possible for us? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
 Yes, going forward that is possible, for that we need to ramp up a mining production for 
which we had taken certain measures, so this year it is going to happen but end of this 
financial year when the mining production starts ramped up, we can shift towards 100% 
high grade but not at the moment, it will take time. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, and what is the difference in cost of production between the normal grade as well as 
high grade pellet? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Zero, absolutely zero. 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
So that incremental to Rs.2500 you are getting gets added to the EBIT? 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Exactly, yes. 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay, just one more thing that you mentioned that the high-grade pellets are getting 
premium and first will be preferred by the buyer because of the high coking coal rate, now 
going forward assuming for whatever reason the coking coal prices were to correct how 
would this impact the scenario for the high-grade pellets? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I think it is a very superficial thing at the moment because I do not think the reason where 
you know the thermal coal prices and the coking coal prices are going to come down, if 
that there will be correction of course, it may go 600 it will come back to 400 again but 
what I know in international market is coking coal prices are here to stay for at least some 
more time, it will not happen overnight for sure and similarly the case with the thermal 
coal as well. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure, but just if I am understanding this premium that we get of Rs.2000 to Rs.2500, can 
that come down suppose for whatever reason, I understand you said the outlook is very 
strong and that is what we are also expecting…? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
If coking coal goes from probably 400 to 200 then definitely the premium will come down, 
that is direct relation with the coking coal so if the coking coal price goes down then the 
premium should go down. 
 

 
13 
 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure and now that the company has become debt free, is there any thought process to 
improve the overall payout ratio either by buyback or via dividend so I think we are giving 
10% to 12% last two years but now you have become completely debt free, do you think it 
make sense that we should look now at much higher percentage say 22% to 30% of the 
cash flows to be paid out to shareholders, any thoughts on that? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Sachin, this will be determined going forward based on what kind of profitability is there 
in the current financial year, number one; number two, our capex plan is to how much is 
the capex plan we already have about 500 Crores kind of capex in hand, we have some 
cash reserves as well, so that will get completed and then based on that we will reduce and 
if there is a surplus case we would be happy to distribute it to the shareholders. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
No Sir, the point is that earlier we had lot debt and it was very much understandable that 
we kept payout ratio little low, regarding capex, it is very capital intensive industry, so it is 
in our hand, we can do final course of capex also and there will be process which we can 
look at 2000 to 3000 every year also? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No, we have to make a balance between the growth and the distribution, that is how it 
should be. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
My request is that we should look at… 
 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No, I understand, I totally agree with you that payout should increase if the profitability 
increases but if you see FY2021, I think we had a debt and utilized 100% of the money for 
debt repayment, we did not do even much capex now capex is something for 
debottlenecking even solar etc., which is critical in cost saving, we have taken up in the last 
year and in Q1 we became the debt free in the standalone prices, of course with the 
disinvestment of solar project, we have become now net cash positive as well as debt free 
on a consolidated basis, so definitely I agree with you the payout should increase and then 
we will definitely aim to increase the payout going forward and that will definitely depend 
on whatever is the investment we had and the surplus will definitely get distributed. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
I would also request that we should consider buy back consider the correction in stock 
price and the type of cash flows you are looking even at the post the correction in the pellet 
prices I think both should seriously evaluate a buy back. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Definitely, the point is taken, we will definitely take it forward in our board and as per 
accept the situation led the market pull down first because of this entire and therefore I am 
not able to comment anything at this point of time. 
 

 
14 
 
 
 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. Thank you. I have more questions; I will come back in the queue. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha with Augmenta 
Research Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Given that you said that currently over the last two quarters, 
we have not imported pellet, so I just wanted to know what was the peak export number in 
pellet in any previous year if you could help me with that? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Abhishek you go ahead. 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, he is saying about the price, not the volume. So, the peak price… sorry? 
 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
I am talking about the volume like what percentage of the pellets is exported being the 
peak period? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Okay, when corona has just come in, so the steel production in India was quite down and 
the convention and domestic construction in India was down, so we were expecting 
exporting about 1 lakh- two shipment every month over one lakh a month. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Okay, so currently it is zero, right? 
 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
It was down to 50%. We were doing one shipment a month and going forward it will be 
completely zero till the duty matter is resolved. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
And given that like is the export opportunity for billets like is there an export market for 
billets given that there is no export done in billets? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes so we have exported some billets in the last couple of years and we are always in touch 
with our esteemed buyers so there is an opportunity for exports and if we think that 
realization in international is better than domestic market we will export. We have done that 
before as well and we will continue to do so. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Like out of the total billets like full volume is exported or it depends on the markets? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
The volumes are very, very limited because we had a very good international domestic 
market. The reason being since the pellets are high Fe, the phosphorus contained in quite 
low so we get a signal premium in the domestic market because of quality so for steel 
making you use the same pellet and the same billet that is sold in the market so we have a 

 
15 
 
 
very good market for that so as such we have no issues in terms of our sales in the domestic 
market. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Okay thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Statheros Capital LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Congratulations on a good show. I had some book keeping questions? I understand that the 
realization for the ardent steel is fairly less for pellet if you could just throw some light on 
the same? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I think the realization is not quite low so we have been in the Odisha market where we are 
making the steel pellets which is the benchmark in India and as I said earlier everything is 
the demand and supply and we understand sometimes there is a transitional phase where the 
market for us on the finished side but the fines does not correct at the same time so there is 
always a transition period. Probably that is the reason why probably hardened pellet is little 
on the lower side compared to previous quarters otherwise there is no other reason. It is a 
market correction nothing else. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay and then we have shut down three power projects the solar power projects what will 
be the entire cost of the same and if you could just quantify the cost savings? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Rs.3.5 Crores per megawatt. I think complete detail is available in our investor presentation 
how much we have invested, how much is the total cost and what is the balance to be 
invested in the current year. 
 
Raj Shah: 
And it will be operational by the entire project? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
One project 70 megawatt is expected very soon I would say. It is just awaiting the 
synchronization with grid and the rest two are under construction so by Q3 end it will get 
commissioned. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Sir last thing I would concur with what you said on the buyback with the sudden drop in the 
share price it really helped the minority shareholder as well? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Sure definitely. We have noted that point and we will take it forward. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Siddharth Agrawal from Prudent Value 

 
16 
 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
 
Siddharth Agrawal:       Good afternoon Sir. Sir my first question is regarding our iron ore so the reserves have gone 
up to almost 165 million tonnes now so would you just let us know is there any expected 
increase in cost of extraction from this reserve. It depends on how these reserves are again 
located so in this quarter our cost of production was roughly Rs.2800 so how do you expect 
this to pan out for the new reserve that we have identified? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I go your point. Rather with the increase in the volume in the mining the cost should 
proportionately because of the operating leverage cost should go down. The cost is also at 
elevated level because with the royalty on India, IBM price and because of whatever 
announcement in terms of export the government has done which will reduce the iron ore 
prices and therefore IBM prices will fall so that will also result into some fall in the royalty 
payment which we are paying on our iron ore mining and of course some reduction has 
been given in the petrol and diesel prices which should have some minor impact on our 
transportation cost as well. 
 
Siddharth Agrawal:       Okay and Sir could you also speak a little bit about what is our cost of led production today 
per tonne and how are we placed vis-à-vis our competitors? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So since we have the iron ore coming from a mine so there are two costs. One cost is the 
iron ore cost which is quite low compared to our peers because of our captive iron ore 
mining. On the operating cost side currently our cost is about Rs.1500 a tonne. The total 
cost from iron ore plus Rs.1600 Crores. 
 
Siddharth Agrawal:    So from iron ore mining till you can get pellet production ours is similar about Rs.5500 per 
tonne? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So Rs.6000 Crores you can say on the higher side. It will go down because as Dinesh just 
said so the royalty portion which are going on in the future there is a reduction in the diesel 
prices so both that will be intact to an certain extent so going forward the cost will come 
down. 
 
Siddharth Agrawal: 
Great thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saravanan Balakrishnan from Sarva 
Captial. Please go ahead. 
 
Saravanan Balakrishnan:Thank you for giving me the opportunity. I just wanted to understand about the new steel 
capacity capex that has been going of 2 million tonnes? Could you give an elaborate answer 
on that like in terms of like when do we expect to sort light taking the current scenario and 
the second one is preferably on the one query that the earlier participant also asked like in 

 
17 
 
 
terms of category pay outs like any reason like we will expect to sort of again improve on 
that like sort of again 30% to 33% of PAT? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Abhishek you will take this. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
On a dividend payout Dinesh already mentioned we need to strike a balance between the 
free cash plus the capex and industry will also grow so your point is well taken and we will 
definitely discuss among our peers and amongst the management and the board and we will 
take a call accordingly. From the steel side the future expansion has been kept on hold for 
two primary reasons. One is we are waiting for the sponge iron EC to get clearance because 
a lot depends on the sponge iron EC because if you expand the capacity and we do not get 
the permission for sponge iron then we will not have the raw material to feed to the steel 
making capacity so there will be a big bottle neck. We are hopeful that we will get a consent 
of sponge iron in this financial year so once that is cleared we will move ahead with our 
steel expansion and the second one was we have taken a buying project where we have also 
mentioned it in our presentation. We are replacing the whole mine with a new efficient one 
of 40 megawatt which will give us additional power of about 10% to 12% with the same 
steel generation so when these two things are clear then we will go ahead with the 
expansion of steel because without these two we will not be able to feed the furnaces to 
produce more steel. 
 
Saravanan Balakrishnan: So what is the IRR and cost of capital for the steel expansion? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
The iron ore is now with the entire scenario is changing what Abhishek is talking about 
whatever is the debottlenecking capex which we are doing it in the existing plant so far and 
I think you the question was with regard to the investment in the Greenfield project. We 
want to do when we start with the investment but for that we have filed an environmental 
approval. We are still awaiting the approval for the land acquisition from the government 
and once these two things are decided and then we will do a viability work out based on the 
prevailing scenario. Till then that large project is kind of old. FY2023 there is no 
investment is going to go in that project except some money is required for the land 
acquisition and the project will be reviewed in due course of time. 
 
Saravanan Balakrishnan: Got it so one last question Sir so like once the new plant goes live so what will be the 
average time it will take for the new capacity to go about 80% to 83% utilization? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Of the existing plant. 
 
Saravanan Balakrishnan: No the new plant? 

 
18 
 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
The new plant is we will give you more details when we are closer to the investment 
schedule. As of now it is in approval stage, etc., etc., so we will give you the guidance on 
that but in FY2023 except land acquisition if it is approved then that will be there. No more 
capex on the new Greenfield investment in FY2023. 
 
Saravanan Balakrishnan: Alright thank you so much Sir and good luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj Nahar from Mili Consultant. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Viraj Nahar: 
Thank you very much and congratulations on excellent results. One particular point that 
you mentioned about the coking coal we will come down because of use of high grade and 
efficiency of the blast furnace will also go up so the parentage of iron in your pellet is 
already higher by 2% to 4% compared to the normal grade so does it mean that you get 
roughly about Rs.2000 per tonne advantage on getting the higher yield and the 5% cooking 
coal cost come down that is what SAIL and other people have been talking about it so there 
is huge advantage of using the high grade pallet so can you throw more light on that cost 
saving on that part and how much can it be sustainable on a longer terms basis, the extra 
realization we are getting. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes government of India has reduced the import duty on cooking coal by 5%. For example 
if cooking coal prices are hovering around $500 by $25 their import cost will go down 
which is about you can say about Rs.2000 a ton which is little contribution on cost savings 
for the import players like the bigger steel mills. On our side we get a better realization 
because the import in system is less which is basically silicon and with lower alumina the 
coke rate in the blast furnace goes down so whatever discussion we had in out interim 
discussion the numbers we have got with our pellet they are saving about Rs.4000 a ton in 
the blast furnace in terms of the input cost which is primarily the reason of cooking coal 
going down and the slag volume also goes down so these two prices they are saving about 
Rs.4000 a ton so that is why they are able to pass on a margin of say $30 to us so it is 
beneficial to both the parties. 
 
Viraj Nahar: 
Okay Sir thank you. One more question is we are buying coal from Coal India or are we 
buying on the auction and what is the impact actually now if you are buying from the 
auction because prices have gone up very high in the auction also. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Unfortunately because of the Russian war I think globally there had been impact on a huge 
size and we are impacted in India as well so we have linkages from Coal India. There has 
been a slight delay in terms of the delivery but they are trying to cover up the gap to certain 
extent and for sponge iron as you said earlier we are totally using the imported thermal coal. 
We do not buy from the open market and for the coal India linkages it is mainly going to 

 
19 
 
 
our power plant so the impact on the domestic supply is not very high when it comes with 
us. 
 
Viraj Nahar: 
Regarding the bio fuel based power plant. There also the cost has gone up for purchasing 
the bio fuel in your area. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
See bio fuel is mostly a seasonal commodity. Post Diwali the average prices till now would 
be around Rs.3000 which is quite reasonable compared to the coal prices which are in the 
market right now and there is sufficient supply of bio fuel in the market that is one thing we 
are doing to stabilize compared to the coal. 
 
Viraj Nahar: 
Okay Sir. Thank you all the best Sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vikash Singh with Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you for giving me opportunity again. Sir just wanted to know with Jagdamba Power 
merger with ourself do we invoice any cost savings also or it would not be coming. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Because you know the power which we are getting from Jagdamba currently is cost plus 
certain margin to Jagdamba so whatever is cost we will continue to get incurred but if I 
compare this with my grid prices then it is two and half rupee cheaper price on a production 
volume of about 15 Crores unit annually. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
And then Vikas Ji the Indian Government rules states that if it is an ITP so then you would 
not get a credit of GST or the input correct but when you merge with Godawari, Godawari, 
being the manufacturing so we will save on 5% GST on the input coal side and 18% GST 
side so there will be additional 6 to 6.5% savings on the operating side well because of the 
merger with Godawari. To save as to about 35 paise on annualized basis per unit. 
 
Vikash Singh: 
And Sir one last question our blending coal cost how it is moving in 1Q over 4Q what kind 
of the cost inflation we can expect. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
You are talking about Q1 versus Q4. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Q1 FY2023 Vikas right. 
 
Vikash Singh: 
Yes Sir. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
See going forward we do not see substantial difference in terms of pricing because we had 
hedged our cargos at a very reasonable level so my Q4 cost average cost of thermal coal and 

 
20 
 
 
Q1 there will be difference or probably 10 to 15% maximum so we are not very much 
impacted by this coal prices. 
 
Vikash Singh: 
But then your cargo would have hedged up to certain point right beyond that if coal cost 
remains higher than that cost would hit us because we use imported coal for sponge. This 
higher cost when it is going to hit us. This higher cost of our production. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
At the moment we are very covered till next three months which is June, July August so 
September we still are uncovered but I think September is too far away to think right now. 
When the market is very volatile the prices are going up almost by 20% to 25% on week on 
week basis so for the next three months we are very well covered which I think is a good 
decent level, so Q2 will not have a very substantial impact on the coal prices. 
 
Vikash Singh: 
Understood. Thank you for taking my questions again. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jathin with Invest Savvy. Please go ahead. 
 
Jathin: 
Congratulations for a good set of number. Sir my first question is that if you can share some 
revenue breakup of domestic and export in general percent wise. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Dinesh Ji he wants to know the revenue of export versus the domestic supply. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
I do not have frankly the numbers readily available but export close to about 600,000 tons 
of pellet at an average price of Rs. 12,000 a ton. 
 
Jathin: 
Sir you do not have percentage wise break up right now. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Right now we do not have the percentage. I can tell you after or you can get in touch with 
our investor relations. We will provide the data and she will give it to you. 
 
Jathin: 
Sir my second question in Q4 there is some exceptional gain of 134. Sir can you throw 
some more light on that. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
It is 98 Crores not 134 Crores. That as I said in my opening remarks and earlier announced 
we have gained this amount on the sale of our stake in 50 megawatt solar power IPP that is 
Godawari Green energy. We have divested 100% stake in the company. 
 
Jathin: 
Thank you Sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shamanth Bhardwaj an investor. Please go ahead. 

 
21 
 
 
Shamanth Bhardwaj: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to ask there is around 270 Crores of 
loan on the balance sheet who is it given to and is it related party transaction. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No it is not related party transaction. Some short term advances have been to certain party 
and this is on demand. 
 
Shamanth Bhardwaj: 
Is it secured. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Secured in the sense it is unsecured but we have high confidence on the party. 
 
Shamanth Bhardwaj: While calculating working capital changes you have included other noncurrent assets and 
liabilities why is that. In the cash flow statement while calculating working capital changes 
you have included other non current assets and liabilities. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Frankly I have to recheck and then can you tell me or can I separately give  you the 
clarification on this. You know Sana will get in touch with you. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to lack of time we will end the question and answer session and I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Gandhi for closing comments. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Once again thank you very much on behalf of the management of Godawari Power for 
joining the Q4 FY2022 earnings call. We will continue to be happy to answer all your 
queries. You can get in touch with us our investor relations agency for further clarification 
if any you need on the result or the operations of the company. Thank you and thank you 
all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
