June 3, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot C 1 - G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
Dear Sirs 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543419 
Sub: Transcript of Investor/ Analyst Meeting- May 30, 2022 
"1. Shriram 
lfi ,rouertles 
Homes that live in you 
Further to our intimation of conference call with Investors/ Analyst, we enclose the transcript of the 
conference call held on May 30, 2022. 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you. 
Regards 
For SH RI RAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
D. SRINIVASAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS 5550 
Shriram Properties Limited 
"Shriram House", No.31, Old No.192, 2nd Main Road, T Chowdaiah Road, Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru - 560080 
T +91-80-40229999 I F +91-80-41236222 I Web: www.shriramproperties.com 
Registered Office: Lakshmi Neela Rite Choice Chamber, New No.9, Bazullah Road, T. Nagar Chennai - 600 017 
GST No: 29AAFCS5801D1ZI CIN No: L72200TN2000PLC044560 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited 
Q4 FY 22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
                  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
  MR. MURALI M., CMD - SHRIRAM PROPERTIES 
LIMITED                                              
                                             MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN J. - ED AND CFO - SHRIRAM 
PROPERTIES LIMITED                                                                                    
MR. K.R RAMESH, ED, OPERATIONS - SHRIRAM 
PROPERTIES LIMITED                                              
MODERATOR:                MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY - ICICI SECURITIES                  
 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Shriram Properties Limited Q4 
FY’22 Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities I'd like to welcome everyone 
with the Shriram Properties Limited Q4 FY’22 results call. Today from the 
management we have with us, Mr. Murali M., CMD; Mr. Gopalakrishnan J., ED and 
CFO; and Mr. K.R Ramesh, ED, Operations. First, I’d like to congratulate the 
management on a very good year overall, and I'd like to hand it over to them now for 
their opening remarks and the way forward for the company. Over to you, sirs. 
M. Murali: 
Good evening, friends. This is Murali here. Thank you for all your support. As 
stated, we have made a fantastic turnaround year FY’22. We just declared the results 
and sure everyone would have seen the numbers. We finished the year with 3.76 
million square feet of sales volume and sales value close to INR1,500 crore and the 
collections are about INR 1,263 crore and the construction has also been at an all-
time high with INR 643 crore . Also, we ended the year with INR17.7 crore PAT and 
ended the fourth quarter with INR64 crore PAT. So, it has been a great year for us.  
As I interacted with many of you during the IPO, whatever the guidance we have 
given, we have been able to deliver and in some of the areas we have even surpassed 
the guidance. Things are looking pretty good for us. And we are enjoying this new 
journey of being a listed company, which gives us lot of strength and courage after 
having achieved our own targets, our own guidance. It gives us a lot of strength, 
confidence, and courage to take this company to the next level. 
The year ahead, FY23 is looking very, very positive for us. First two months 
indicated a decent performance. I expect, there are quite a lot of good things that 
happened in the year FY22. We have done highest sales volume, construction output, 
collection output, which together resulted into good positivity. Not only that, in the 
last three years, we have sold over 10 million square foot. Based on that, ovet the 
next 3 years, close to 70% of the project revenues should come from projects which 
have already been sold till FY22. And 60% of the DM revenues should come from 
the projects already launched till FY22. Fundamentally, it’s just not good FY22 
results we have been able to deliver, there is a clear visibility of earnings for the next 
3 years. 
Not only that, FY23 is going to be a great cash flow generating year for us. We are 
likely to generate good amount of cash flows as we speak from couple of projects 
which we’ve been highlighting to you. So that's very much visible now. So, all that 
will lead to significant debt reduction. As you all know, we have one of the lowest 
debt-to-equity ratio in the sector, which is about 0.3, and that is likely to come down 
close to zero from the current projects today in the next 12 to 18 months’ time. 
So there is a clear visibility. The ongoing project cash flows will help us in becoming 
debt free of all the current projects today in the next 18-month time. Further, we will 
generate good amount of cash flows which will be available for growth. So we are 
looking forward to a great journey. And FY’23 we had set a target for ourselves to 
do sales volume of about 4.5 million square feet and PAT number will be at least 
more than triple or four times of the number what we achieved in FY22. So that's 
where we are now. 
I will hand over to Gopal and I'm available for any question and answer later. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Thank you, Murali. Thank you, Adhi, for hosting this call. I believe there's some 
disturbance in between. I hope I'm audible. Adi, am I audible? 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, yes, sir. You can please go ahead. Yes. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
We have uploaded the presentation on BSE site and being an audio call I'm going to 
refer the page numbers of this presentation and continue my brief conversation 
around the financial performance and the outlook that we have for the company. And 
then I'll try to complete that in about 20 minutes and then I'll stop for Q&A session 
as appropriate. I hope all of you have had access to the presentation. 
Slide 1 of the presentation talks about the macro-outlook for the sector as well as the 
landscape at which we operated in the last fiscal. Most of you are familiar with the 
industry landscape. It would suffice to say that the markets have been conducive and 
favorable for all large, branded players. Housing market remains strong, quarterly 
sales have been highest since 2015, launches continued and everyone had successful 
launches. Many large players had launches. More importantly, launches outpaced 
pre-COVID levels despite the fears of third wave. More encouragingly for us, the 
market showed that the mid-market and the affordable housing have been better 
performers relatively, and that's an encouragement for us. Market was also 
conducive enough to improve pricing. And that has been a good support in terms of 
overcoming the cost impact that we have seen in the market. 
But if I look forward, positivity of the sector looks very encouraging and it should 
continue to result in a favorable demand outlook for the next couple of years. 
Improving job security and robust hiring from some of the key sectors in our core 
markets like IT, ITeS, financial services should auger well from a demand 
perspective. Affordability remains at a multi-decade high, notwithstanding a small 
increase in bank rate or a resultant increase in home loan interest rates. Consolidation 
is continuing and therefore large, branded player like ourself should continue to have 
a strong operating platform or strong canvas on which we can continue to grow and 
face a more robust and more positive outlook going forward. 
Turning operating highlights. Slide 4 gives you a snapshot of key operating metrics. 
Our sales volumes, as Murali mentioned in his opening remarks, grew by 25% year-
on-year to 3.76 million square feet for full year FY22. Quarterly numbers were 
equally encouraging at 1.2 million square feet for Q4. Consequently, sales value has 
grown by 19% year-on-year to INR1,482 crore. Our collections were at a new high 
as well, up 42%. From a low base of the previous year where we suffered due to 
labor migration issues, construction spend has grown more than 1.5 times to INR643 
crore. Same is explained more in detail in Slide 5. 
It suffices to say that our performance was at an all-time high on most of these KPIs 
or the key parameters that we look at in this business.  
Our full year sales was highest ever, as I said, 3.76 million square feet. Our gross as 
well as net collections as highlighted in slide 5 has been at the record high as well. 
Our average monthly collection consistently reminded above INR100 crore per 
month through the entire journey of Q2, Q3 and Q4. Our construction spend, as I 
said, was a record high as well, INR643 crore we spent compared to INR250 crore 
that we spent in the previous fiscal. 
Our labor strength currently is around at 5,000 people on the ground compared to 
4,200 we had in the pre-COVID environment, which clearly shows the focus on 
execution has gained momentum and is continuing for the last several quarters now, 
overcoming all the COVID-led impact that we had in the previous fiscal.  
As you all know, DM has been a thrust area for us. And DM projects have stabilized. 
I'll explain that in a subsequent slide, but from a key performance metric perspective, 
DM accounted for 28% of overall sales volume during this year. That's a very 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
encouraging number for us. Such strong performance, both from the market 
perspective and execution perspective was supported by a very successful launches 
that we had. For the full year we had about 12 launches. And as you know, we have 
talked about, consistently about a metric called sales-at-launch. Our sales-at-launch 
has been fairly robust and encouraging for the entire year. 
In Slide 6, you can see all launches we had during the year. On average we had about 
38% of our launched project inventories have been sold. And that's a very 
encouraging number for us as we have been aspiring to stabilize between 35% and 
40% consciously over the last couple of years. And despite the third wave concerns , 
we have been able to achieve a 38% sales-at-launch, which is encouraging , and 
gives us a comfort on our ability to identify right product mix and a project mix for 
micro-markets as well as efficiency of our sales machine. 
Interestingly, slide 7, our pricing trends have been very positive. In the month of 
September , we wanted to actually move-up looking at the market conditions and  
favorable demand situation. And we have actually been able to achieve an average 
price hike of almost 8% by March ‘22, compared to the levels that we were selling in 
September’21. So second half is where most of the price hikes have happened. 
And the chart on Slide 7 shows the price difference between September ‘21 and 
March ‘22 for some of our large volume contributing projects. As you could see, 
price improvements have been in the range of 4% to 20% . On an average, it has a 
resulted in an 8% increase in price during second half. The chart below on Page 7 
talks about average realization for the whole year FY’22 versus ’21, nearly flat from 
an apartments perspective that primarily shows how the prices have been moving 
during first half. And plots is obviously a combination of which projects we launch 
which will determine the average price realization in plots. But suffice to say, second 
half has been an encouraging for us and we believe we should be able to continue 
that momentum during current year that should help in overcoming the inflationary 
impact that we are seeing in some of the construction materials. I'll talk about it in 
the subsequent part of the presentation but suffice to say our large part of the 
inflationary impact can be easily offset by rising average realization. 
As at the year-end, as shown in Slide 8,we had about 51 projects, roughly about 51 
million square feet of development potential. Two things, which is very important 
here, from the time we filed RHP we have actually gone up almost 10% net addition 
to the portfolio. We added almost 13 million square feet. We cleaned up some of our 
projects where it was taking longer time to get approvals and get the processing done 
compared to initial expectation. So, we moved some of those projects. Despite that 
the net edition has been to the extent of 10% in our overall portfolio. Well spread 
between ongoing and upcoming projects, 27 million out of 51 million is ongoing, out 
of which 25 million has been launched and almost 18 million feet has been sold. So 
we have a very low unsold inventory from ongoing projects. We have zero or near 
zero inventory in completed projects. So these are positive side of our business 
model. Basically the thrust on mid-market, affordable housing has helped us in 
ensuring good velocity and therefore zero inventory in completed projects. And we 
have about 75% of our launched ongoing projects have been sold. So that basically 
the most of our ongoing projects are derisked in that sense. 
Moving to financial performance on Slide 10, high level messages are that, we are 
encouraged by the turnaround we achieved in FY22 . As you recall, Q3 is when we 
started witnessing the turnaround, and Q4 trend has been pretty encouraging. 
Overall, for the year, we turned around into positive net earnings in line with the 
guidance issued to investors during the IPO roadshows. Improving margins and 
earnings is another message that we had left with investors during the roadshows. 
We were very confident that improving operating leverage and rising share of DM 
income should help us turnaround in terms of overall profitability and move closer to 
or above the industry average profitability and return.  

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
We believe we have reached there or at least on the right path to stabilizing our 
ROCE at a much higher level. From a low base, number that we used to have in the 
past, our ROCE has also improved consistently over the last three years and stands at 
11% for FY22. And this basically gives us a confidence that we are on path to the 
targeted level of mid-teen ROCE in the next two to three years. We are very 
confident that we'll reach there, supported by strong pipeline, launch momentum and 
the execution growth, which we are witnessing. I'll explain some of this in 
subsequent slides.  
Debt reduction has been another big outcome for us during the Q4 FY’22. Post IPO, 
we used most of our IPO proceeds for repayment, voluntary prepayment of our 
existing loans. And also we have continued focus on refinancing of some of our loan 
portfolio from NBFC thrust to a banking thrust. Combination of all of this has helped 
us achieve a 24% quarter-on-quarter drop in finance costs from Q3 to Q4. And we 
also have seen an encouraging fall in debt to equity and we believe the trend is 
certainly a beginning of a new trend. We are working towards bringing down our 
cost funds as well as overall deposition even further going forward in FY’23 
onwards. 
Slide 11 talks about some of the quarterly highlights. Slide 12 talks about the the 
drivers of the quarterly financials. Between the two of the slides I would like to draw 
your attention to the fact that, our overall aggregate revenue has grown well during 
Q4, primarily because we have started income recognizing in some of our newer 
projects like Grand-1 in Kolkata, where we have received OC and started 
recognizing revenue on completing and handing over the project and therefore 
eligible for revenue recognition. Income recognition gained the momentum also in 
some of our projects in Bangalore, like Shriram Earth (Whitefield), as well as 
Chirping Woods and Panorama Hills, another project in Vizag where the completion 
and handover gained momentum. Combination of these four projects, we have been 
able to improve our revenue recognition capability during Q4 big way, and also 
transfer of development rights or the co-development agreements on two of the 
projects, one in Bangalore and one in Chennai with our partners. 
Third driver has been our remarkable growth in DM fee. Our DM fee income grew 
by almost 40% quarter-on-quarter. Some part of the large final set of earnings from 
our gateway project in where we are supposed to receive DM fee from Xander that 
got settled as well. As of now we have nine DM projects up and running compared 
to much smaller numbers in the past three years and combination of these have 
helped us achieve higher DM fee.  
Our revenues would've been much stronger, but for delays in couple of projects. We 
had income recognition delay in Grand-1, which originally was supposed to start in 
January. We unfortunately got that process started only by mid-March, and therefore, 
we could only commence the recognition in Mar’22. Also, a project in Bangalore 
called Shriram Southern Crest where the OC is delayed from Q4 to H1’23. These 
two projects would have added much stronger revenue growth for us. Unfortunately, 
both these impacted, but despite that our Q4 has been reasonably strong. I talked 
about the interest costs already.  
And so I'd like to now to actually summarize this quarterly into annual performance.  
If I look at Slide 13 and 14, full year revenues grew by about 3% or so, despite 
postponed revenues, as I said, from Southern Crest and Grand-1 that came only 
toward the end of the fiscal. Six projects contributed to 84% of revenues, Panorama 
Hills in Vizag, Shriram Earth Whitefield, Shriram One City in Chennai, Luxor, and 
Chirping Woods both are Bangalore-based projects of Shriram. Revenue recognition 
from these projects accounted for 84% of revenue. And Grand-1 is a new addition 
would had a very small impact because we started handing over only toward second 
half of March. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
We witnessed high gross margins, also high EBITDA margins. We believe our 
sustainable EBITDA margin would be about mid-20s. Current year’s high margins 
as you would see from Slide 13 is a reflection of revenue recognition from some of 
our plotted development projects that are more profitable because these land banks 
have been with us as a project investment for the last couple of years. Shriram Earth 
Whitefield is a plotted development where we have held this land for some years, 
and they were sold and income recognized this year on completion and handover of 
these plots. And therefore they bring high margin. Similar is the case in plotted 
development in Chennai, which is also our own land held in the past. Also income 
recognition from development rights of two projects have also helped. 
As I talked earlier,  DM revenue growth is another key contributor to the overall 
financial performance. Now, we are able to stabilize the DM fee in the INR100 crore 
per year mark. Xander would be the last year of income recognition this FY’22. But 
FY’23 onwards, based on 11 DM projects already on ground. We have 20 DM 
projects signed up, I will explain that in the next slide, but out of 20, 11 are 
launched. DM fee from these 11 projects should help us stabilize the DM fee in the 
INR100 crore annual income going forward at least over the next couple of years. 
And against the strong revenue growth that you see over the years, we have seen 
mixed trends. FY’22 has been a meaningful revenue. Operating expenses have, 
despite the higher employee expense on Y-o-Y primarily because we're comparing 
on a pre-COVID versus post COVID reduction base, the lower base from a COVID 
reduction. But otherwise if you look employee on a pre-COVID level, it is still 13% 
below FY’20 levels. Lower base of ’21 was, as I said, is due to COVID-led pay cuts 
and headcount reduction. 
Overall, operating expenses grew relatively lower and that actually has helped in 
taking EBITDA at around INR181 crore. This is despite the postponement of 
revenue recognition in two projects, and therefore, it is more encouraging for us 
internally. EBITDA margin 35%, but as I said, this is partly reflects the nature of 
projects that came in for income recognition during the second half of this year. We 
spoke about this in Q3 as well. So Shriram Earth Whitefield was there in Q3 as well 
as in Q4. And so overall improving operating leverage, rising share of DM income 
have been the contributors to the superior profitability. We believe we should be able 
to stabilize profitability in the mid-20s even in the future. And together with 
increased impact of lower finance costs, we should have a much stronger growth in 
PBT and PAT is the coming years. I'll explain that in subsequent slides. 
Interest cost, as I explained in the quarterly slide, savings is less prominent on full 
year basis, primarily because the whole impact came in Q4. That's why on a 
sequential basis Q4 witnessed 24% drop in interest burden to INR19 crore and other 
finance costs were flat at about INR1.6 crore. The unwinding effect, so that impact 
gets muted little bit when I look at full year number INR96 crore of interest costs 
compared to INR102 crore that we had in the previous year. The non-cash charge is 
related to unwinding effect of the Bengal royalty payment that are due is shown in 
our balance sheet as a liability, but the balance sheet reflects the NPV value of these 
liabilities that are due to be paid to the government. And therefore as the passage of 
time, we need to adjust for the time value of money. And therefore this unwinding 
cost of about INR20 crore as a non-cash charge will come into the P&L. We believe 
that will continue at least for the next two years in our P&L till we reach a closure on 
this 4% royalty payment due or otherwise. 
Share of JV income remains negative. I must clarify, our share of current costs are 
picked up. We have four joint venture projects and three out of these projects are not 
yet ready for income recognition. And therefore, the current cost are getting picked. 
One of the project will come in for a more prominent revenue recognition in the 
coming year and the other three projects will take some more time, at least two 
projects will take some more time. They'll take 18 to 24 months. So until that time, 
the next effect of current costs are holding it negative. And that's fundamentally the 
story behind why JV income remains negative. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Overall, we have been able to turnaround supported by strong Q4. Our nine-month 
PAT negative was INR46 crore. I hope you recall that we did show our expectation  
that Q4 will be a strong quarter. And therefore, we were confident of turning around. 
For the full year, we have reported positive net earnings of about INR17.7 crore that 
translates to ROCE of about 11% for us. We believe there is still a further upside in 
ROCE over the next couple of years. We are fairly confident of stabilizing our return 
in the mid-teens over the next 12 to 18 months’ time. 
Slide 15 talks about our cash flows. All of you are fully familiar with this. This is an 
operating cash flow statement. And overall it just suffices to say that the Q4 has been 
fairly robust as well as the full year. We thus ended the year with the cash from 
operations of about INR85 crore. Most of our negative cash flow for financing came 
in from the voluntary prepayment of loans. As you would see, we have repaid 
INR334 crore. A small portion of loan drawals is because as you know we have 
project loans for each of the projects separately. So each project has an FCV and 
they have their own financing arrangement or financial closure. And therefore, on 
one side we may be drawing in from some projects and some other projects we 
would be repaying their scheduled loans. INR200 crore out of INR334 crore is a 
voluntary repayment. Rest is actually scheduled repayments. So, on a net basis there 
is INR 32 crore outflow towards financing costs, financing cash flows. Despite the 
negative cash flow from financing activities, which is a good message, we still have 
a free cash flow operation of about INR53 crore and ended the year with liquidity -- 
cash and cash value equivalents of about INR140 crore. 
Slide 16 talks about the balance sheet number. But more important Slide 17 is a more 
encouraging message where you would see the extent of reduction in debt as well as 
the current debt to equity ratio that we have. We have dropped our overall gross debt 
by about 27%. Net debt is lower even strongly. We ended the year with the net debt 
of about INR341 crore at a consolidated SPL level. That puts us at a consolidated net 
debt to equity at about 0.3 is to 1 which positions us as one of the relatively lower 
net debt company in the sector as Murali pointed out at the beginning of this 
conversation. 
Shifting gears and moving to our overall thought process for FY’23 and beyond and 
where we see the increased confidence on delivering positive earnings and sustaining 
growth momentum. Next three, four slides I'll wrap up by saying, what do we see as 
our strategy and as our outlook for ‘23 and beyond, and what would be our strategy 
within this context. We believe based on what we have achieved, notwithstanding so 
many macro headwind factors through the NBFC crisis to COVID to post-COVID 
environment, our delivery of results clearly gives us a confidence that the machine is 
working well. The operating platform is now stable and well oiled. And therefore, 
we should be able to sustain growth momentum. And towards that end, our strong 
project pipeline will also help. 
Operating leverage is kicking in already on the back of improving scale and 
improving efficiency. We believe the impact will be more prominent in the coming 
years. FY’23, therefore, to us is a very promising year. So, in turn, long-term 
fundamentals not only for the SPL, but also as we see as a positive outlook for the 
sector, we believe we should be able to benefit from this positive operating 
environment and our strong pipeline and the platform and deliver strong growth. 
What we are looking for over the next couple of years is very simple, sustained 
growth momentum target 20% plus kind of CAGR in our sales volume over the next 
two to three years, continue to emphasis on DM, sustain profitability in the mid-20s, 
ensure positive net earnings consistently, improve ROCE to a mid-teens levels and 
while doing all of this unlock value potential from Kolkata as well. As part of our 
growth strategy, we are looking at making a cautious entry into another southern 
market in Hyderabad. 
Within that overall strategy framework, if I draw your attention to Page 20, long 
term strategy has remained unchanged, remain focused on mid-market, affordable, 
remain focused on south, focus on DM model and while building scale and enhance 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
capability continue to leverage our relationship for achieving cheaper financing. 
Unlock value from Kolkata will be an added strategy to this. Within that framework, 
what we are confident is we believe we should be able to sustain growth momentum 
in the 20-plus percent growth and looking more closely on FY’23, we are looking to 
deliver about 4.5 million square feet in FY’23 as a sales volume. 
Not just the volume front, we also have a very strong or encouraging visibility on 
earnings side. Without getting into specific numbers, I would like to highlight the 
drivers of where we see our conference coming from. We have, based on our 
projected earnings which shows very strong growth as Murali alluded to. 62% of our 
projected revenue will come from four projects listed on Slide number 21. All of 
these projects are fairly at an advanced stage in terms of completion and handover. 
As I said, Grand-1 we already received and delivery has also started, though, will 
gain more prominence in FY’23.Another project in Bangalore called Southern Crest 
where OC is awaited and those handover will enable us to recognize on this project, 
which is fairly large important project for us. Summit is a legacy project for us. 
That's also nearing -- the final phase of this project is nearing completion are 
awaiting OC now. And Park 63 is a project between Shriram and Mitsubishi 
Corporation based in Chennai. All these projects are therefore at a good stage in 
terms of control over the completion process and handover process. And they will 
account for 62% of our FY’23 revenues. Therefore, we have a good confidence on 
where the income recognition will come from.  
We're looking to monetize a land bank in Chennai which is an approved for mall 
construction. We might find a strategic partner to develop this mall, and that if I add 
a likely closure of this mall transaction, Shriram does not intend to do on its own. So, 
this prioritization will help us, should ensure 83% of our targeted revenue is getting 
locked. I'm not bringing in any Bengal FSI into this current expectation. Despite 
impact of potential Bengal FSI sale, we should still be able to have a very strong 
revenue outlook for this year. DM revenues will add further the strength to. As I 
said, we have 20 projects in our portfolio now. 11 of them are already up and 
running. The projects that have been launched already will account for 60% of our 
projected DM income. And we expect DM to account for almost one-third of our 
volumes going forward. So all of these factor should help us provide us a good 
visibility. 
Looking a little longer term, three years earnings outlook, we believe 70% of our 
aggregate revenues accumulative for next three years will come from volumes sold 
already as of March 31, 2022 and 60% of aggregate DM fee will come from projects 
launched already. So combination of these two, therefore, gives us a very strong 
confidence that as long as we're able to execute and deliver these projects, we should 
be able to recognize income as per plan over the next three years. We are looking to 
unlock INR3 billion of free cash flow in our books over the next couple of years. So 
it all boils down to our ability and comfort in terms of executing and delivering these 
projects. 
Slide 22, exactly addresses this point. As Murali started off in his opening remark, 
you may all recall that we have sold almost 10 million square feet in the last three 
years. These are all projects now getting executed. We have almost 24 projects or 25 
projects, including phases of ongoing projects, under various stages of 
implementation. These projects will all be getting completed over the next 24, 30 
months. And therefore, they would provide the scope for timely completion. We are 
targeting to handover at least 10.7 million square feet over the next three years. And 
those annual handover volumes to the extent of our 3 million plus over the next 
couple of years will ensure income recognition on these 3 million. And therefore 
back of the envelope, I'm sure we can reach INR1,500 crore kind of revenues, is our 
revenue recognition potential that we're running on, on an annual basis. So that's a 
big comforting position for us. And therefore, we would like to reiterate our 
commitment that we will continue to grow at over 20% per annum in terms of 
volume, enhanced margin to the mid-20s EBITDA margins and 15% ROCE is a 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
targeted level that we want to achieve. And therefore, we see a good potential for 
continuing to deliver quality results in the coming years more so in FY’23. 
Last message I would like to leave before I end would be, Bengal and DM project. In 
terms of Kolkata unlocking value potential, many of us have had the questions and 
we have discussions on this. As we said earlier, 10 million square feet we will 
develop ourselves, out of it 4 million is already launched, out of that we already 
started handing over Shriram Grand-1 starting March ‘22. So, FY’23 alone we will 
hand over 600 units at least. And therefore, that should set the momentum and 
should actually create those green shoots, which will actually accelerate not only the 
launch of subsequent phases, but also the sale of monetization of our remaining FSI 
potential that we had talked about. So out of 33 million development potential, 10 
million will develop ourselves, 4.4 million launched, rest will be launching over the 
next couple of years and try to complete own development in about three to four 
years. 
On the FSI sales side, which is about 20 million square feet or thereabout, as you 
may have noticed, we've already done one MoU we have signed with LOGOS for 
sale of up to 90 acres of land where due diligence is underway. LOGOS is a credible 
large name from Asia-Pacific in terms of warehousing sector. The transaction is 
progressing well. We expect to see a meaningful closure to this transaction during 
the second half of the fiscal. That should actually give us a large cash flow and also 
ability to unwind or monetize a large part of the targeted monetization that we have 
in this land bank or the only land bank that we have. 
Last but one slide, development management, I think we have discussed this in the 
past, it just suffices to draw attention to the fact that today we have actually 11 
ongoing projects, 11 ongoing projects, 6.4 million square feet is already up and 
running. In all, we have 20 projects, 15 million square feet, nearly a third of our 
portfolio is in DM. So the business model has actually stabilized well. It is now 
beginning to make a meaningful impact in terms of volume as well as our share of 
revenues. In the past, some of our revenues came from Xander, but we believe that 
process is now almost over, the Gateway office complex where we were doing DM 
for Xander funds. The final set of income recognition happened in FY’22. We 
believe we are almost there in terms of final OCs. And therefore, going forward 
nearly all of our DM fee will come from residential DM projects signed up already, 
and we are confident of sustaining DM fee in the billion-rupee mark or INR100 crore 
mark over the next three years as well. 
The last slide that I have is to briefly talk about a potential transaction that we are 
working on, where we are looking to make a cautious entry into Hyderabad market. 
The characteristic of this market is very similar to the rest of the Southern Indian 
markets. And therefore, it's a market that we are familiar with. And we believe we 
have an exciting opportunity there. And the micro market supports very strong mid-
market activity. And we believe we are sitting on a project which is exciting project 
to take off into a new city. And we'll make a more formal, more detailed 
announcement as we wrap up this whole thought process over the next couple of 
weeks. But it's suffice to say that in FY’23 we would probably expand our footprint 
into Hyderabad market and more so during the initial part of the year.  
So, with that, I'll end by saying what's highlighted in Slide 26, very strong brand, 
very strong governance, a trusted brand, not just by the customers, but also by the 
landowner partners, now we have further reinforced our track record in terms of 
overall operations. We believe we have a very strong outlook, demonstrated ramp up 
and scalability already. And therefore, combination of our strong balance sheet, 
strong brand, and a strong exhibition platform, we are confident of delivering quality 
results going forward. And we look forward to support from each of our existing and 
potential investors and analysts in our new value journey. 
With this,I will stop here. Murali, myself, and Ramesh are here on the call. We will 
be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, sir. My question was, for your Kolkata where you’ve signed the MoU, sir when 
do you expect the thing to get concluded and what would be the indicative valuation? 
Is it close to what are the normal rates in the area? That is the first question. 
Secondly, from the project you are doing for Xander, now considering that and the 
Kolkata project, whatever cash flow, what would be our collection guidance for next 
year? I think we'd INR600 crore odd collection for full year. So what would be the 
sort of collections for next year and also the total construction and overhead outgo, 
which is around just over INR500 crore last year. So just elaborate on that. Thank 
you. 
M. Murali: 
On this Kolkata land, as you know, we have signed the MoU. We expect to complete 
the transaction within next three months’ time. And the plan price is at my market 
value or slightly ahead of the market value. We got a good price. So, we hope to 
conclude in next three months’ time. Xander transaction is completed. It's at a final 
leg. We should have the cash flow anytime now. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes. So, Adi, you talked about the overall collection outlook for FY’23. I think 
FY’22, I think you had a different number in mind. The net collection for FY’22 is 
INR1,183 crore. The grass collection was INR1,263 crore in FY’22. The collections 
will rise to, net collections will rise to about INR1,600 crore this year, somewhere 
around INR1,600 crore. The construction spend is what the number you mentioned. 
FY’22 construction was INR640-odd crore. That construction spend will go to about 
INR843 crore in FY’23. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sir that’s the Slide 15 of the investor presentation or 17 in the PDF at a consol level. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No, collection, Slide number 4 shows INR11, 835 million as a total collection and 
that is a net number. Slide 5 talks about grass collection of INR12,631 million -- will 
move to INR1,600 crore in FY’23. The construction will rise from INR643 crore 
done in FY’22 to roughly about INR845 crore in FY’23. This collection number 
excludes mall location from Chennai as well as excludes potential cash flow from 
Bengal transaction. So they exclude these two FSI sale transaction. So this core 
collection of INR1,600 crore primarily reflects the underlying operations that we 
have. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, okay. Fine sir. That is pretty clear. Sir next question is on our construction 
speed, obviously, we're in the presentation, but in terms of margin if you could help 
us understand what is the impact on margin as a percentage of sales? And what sort 
of price hikes we will need to take to maintain our current margins? 
M. Murali: 
Last year if you have seen, across our projects we have increased the prices between 
8% to 10% and that trend is likely to continue in FY23. Also, we expect the prices to 
go up further because of the consolidation. And also there is a scope for us to 
increase our prices. So we are pretty confident in taking further price increase now. 
That's very much possible now. With respect to the cost, already now steel prices 
have come down. And three months ago, the steel cement prices were at its peak. 
Now, they’ve started reversing now. So the cost of construction will be in good 
control. We don't expect any major impact, maybe marginal impact, but major 
impact will not be there on the cost increase. 
M. Murali: 
With respect to the collection, just to clarify that INR1,600 crore is only from the 
project cash flows without taking into account of the land sale in Kolkata, without 
taking into account of Xander transaction money coming in, without taking into 
consideration of how many FSI sale in Chennai. So, if these three happen, the 
collection could hit INR2,000 crore. So there is a probability all three will happen. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have the next question from the line of Raghvendra 
Singh. He's an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Raghvendra Singh: 
Hello. Thank you for giving me the opportunity and thank you management for 
going ahead with the price hikes. I wanted a bit more clarity on the project pipeline. I 
mean, we have had this Kannur project which has been deferred and Shambhavi and 
Chandapura is yet to be launched. So what are the expected timelines for these two-
project launch and what is also the expected timeline for Hebbal One? 
M. Murali: 
I’ll address this Hebbal One. Hebbal One we started the construction. We expect to 
complete the project in next 18 months’ time or less. 
Raghvendra Singh: 
 
As it is under construction, why is it not there on the website? 
M. Murali: 
It's an office building. It is not open for residential apartment. We are not selling the 
units. This will be built and leased hence it is not there on the website. The other 
project Shambhavi should happen soon. We are hoping that before this financial 
year-end, we try to bring that project into shape. Apart from that, we added that quite 
a lot of new projects. We added close to about 13 million square foot projects since 
filing RHP. And here we plan to launch close to about 17 projects for FY’23 out of 
which about 11 new projects and six are new phases in the old projects. So the 
pipeline is pretty strong. We have been able to garner our projects under the 
development management and joint development in the markets in Bangalore and 
Chennai and Hyderabad now. So we are pretty confident the supply is looking very, 
very impressive now. So, we should be able to comfortably achieve the guidance 
given. 
Raghvendra Singh: 
Thank you, sir. And how much space do we have in Park 63 and Panorama Hills still 
left for launch? 
M. Murali: 
Park 63, 1A delivery started. 1B, it's under construction, 2A is under construction. I 
mean, altogether about 4 lakh square feet is available. Vizag, everything is sold. 
Raghvendra Singh: 
Okay, sir. And is this impairment loss related with Vizag, the 2.1 million square feet, 
the pending payment. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Not square feet, it's actually the financial provision. I'll explain that. So we have all 
these SPVs which are thinly capitalized. So SPL as a parent company gives loan to 
them and keeps charging interest to ensure arm’s length. We keep charging interest 
on a cumulative basis that interest burden is a big burden. And as you know, Vizag 
project went through a little bit of challenge in the past and it's now nearing 
completion. It should be actually getting closed out this year. Therefore, this was an 
opportune moment for us to revisit the entire project life cycle cash and see 
recoverability of this interest. So most of the write-offs or the impairment that you 
would see in the standalone financials are related to wholly owned subsidiaries. And 
that's why you don't see them in consol and Vizag being the largest and mostly to do 
with the interest component, because out of the whole liability, principal is only 
INR30 crore. Rest is all accumulated interest that is payable to the parent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Siddharth Oberoi from 
Prudent Equity. Please go ahead, sir. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Yes. Hi. So, I had missed this, your opening remarks, but your interest cost for the 
year is about INR120 crore, but on a gross debt of about INR500 crore. So, what else 
have you added in the interest costs? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes, I'll explain that. So the interest burden, if you see the slide 13, INR 96 crore is 
interest burden, INR20.5 crore is the unwinding of interest is classified. So 
fundamentally what happens is the, there is a 4% royalty burden sitting in our books 
related to Bengal land. Whenever we construct and realize revenue, 4% of the 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
revenue goes to Government of West Bengal. And it was actually a non-compete fee 
with Hindustan Motors, but we had agreed to give it to West Bengal Government 
instead of giving it to Hindustan Motors. There are two aspects to this story. One is 
we are obviously challenging the non-compete fee now because it was supposed to 
be only for six years. Now, the land acquisition is more than 10 years now and 
Hindustan Motors themselves were monetizing their land banks so there is no 
question of non-compete. Be that what it may. The second aspect of the story is, 
because there is no final clarity on it, we are making provision for it. So the balance 
sheet shows the overall liability, which is capped at INR190-odd crore plus interest 
or at 6% beyond a particular stage, so about INR250-odd crore would be the liability 
in the balance sheet that is payable over a period of time. And therefore, NPV value 
of that liability is shown in the financial statement as a amount payable to 
Government of West Bengal. So as the timeline process, the present value keeps 
changing. The time value of the money has to be provided in your P&L. And 
therefore INR20.5 crore last year, all of this relates to the time value of money. So it 
gets charged to the P&L and the loan amount, the balance sheet amount gets restated 
upwards to that extent and therefore it is a non-cash charge. So when you see the 
overall funding cost, I would imagine you should take INR96.4 crore plus other 
finance costs, which is the processing fee and all that, so INR3.3 crore. So INR99 
crore has to be seen against whatever the loan outstanding at the average, at the 
beginning of the year we have INR760 crore for gross debt. That’s only getting 
repaid over a period of time. So the average loan realized we have to see. To cut it 
short, if you ask me, what is the actual cost of funds, it is 13.7%  the average cost of 
debt that we have in our balance sheet for the current year, for FY’22. We are 
continuing our restructuring and refund and refinancing activity, and therefore, we 
expect the interest rate to drop further. And we think we will be at least 200 basis 
points below compared to where we were earlier last year. I hope that gives you 
clarity on the cost of debt. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Yes, it does. And so I have another question. You said that there is a potential, 
revenue potential of about INR1,500 crore each year that may come on the books. 
So, does that include the DM fees as well? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No, I'm actually talking about, if you look at Slide 22, the numbers would, I'm taking 
a three-year combined volume. So I'm just trying to simplify and give you an 
indicative number. I'm taking average handover is about 3 million square a year. So, 
3 million square feet a year with INR5,000 average realization gives you the 
INR1,500 crore. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Yes. But then some of it would be JVs then other things as well, right?  
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
I understand that. That's why I'm talking about overall revenue recognition potential 
average, annual revenue recognition over the next three years should be in the range 
of about INR1,500 crore. Yes, few variation will always be there depending on how 
much of this is JV and how much is our own books. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Yes. How much is JV, then 33% is DM. So, I mean, this we need to slash it down 
accordingly to, then literally will come in the books, right? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
I'm sure we have to slash that, because otherwise we'll have to walk through the 
entire revenue model or the entire predicted P&L on this call. That’s why I gave an 
indicative number. You can safely assume we will be somewhere within INR1,000 
crore, INR1,200 crore revenue in our own books. JV will come as a share of JV 
profits. We pick up only the share of costs or profit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
M. Murali: 
I'd like to thank everyone of you for supporting us. And as I said, I would like to 
summarize and conclude, we have got a great year ahead. The market has been 
getting into big consolidation. The consolidation helps large, branded players like us 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
to achieve bigger growth. And as we have mentioned during IPO roadshows, we'll be 
in a position to grow this company 20%+ CAGR for the coming years comfortably. 
And the project pipeline is pretty strong today and last year was a turnaround year 
and next three years we are looking at a great journey ahead. So we'd like to thank 
all of you once again. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Thank you. Thanks Adhidev for hosting this call and we really appreciate all the 
support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Security that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
