   
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: Tower 3, 1st Floor, 
East Wing, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.India 
 T: +91 22 6167 8499   F: +91 22 6167 8383 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
Date: June 3, 2022  
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 27/2022-23 
Our Reference: 27/2022-23 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Call) 
  
With reference to our earlier intimation regarding the Earnings Call on the Audited financial 
results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022, held on May 30, 2022 kindly find 
enclosed the transcript of the same. 
 
Please note below clarificatory points: 
 
1. Wherever we have mentioned “post-merger”, the same be read as “post-acquisition” 
2. Wherever we have mentioned “EPS accretive” the same be read as “EPS neutral” for 
F.Y. 23.  
3. The approval date of financials was erroneously called out as May 26, 2022 instead of 
May 27, 2022.  
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
Pragya Kaul 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
Mr. HARSHIT KAPADIA - ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHANTANU KHOSLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
CROMPTON 
GREAVES 
CONSUMER 
ELECTRICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. MATTHEW JOB – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
CROMPTON 
GREAVES 
CONSUMER 
ELECTRICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. YESHWANT REGE – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY 
AND FINANCIAL PLANNING - CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Crompton Greaves Consumer 
Electricals Limited Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you Vivian. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome 
you all for the Q4 FY2022 and FY2022 Conference Call of Crompton Greaves Consumer 
Electrical Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the management represented by Mr. 
Shantanu Khosla, Managing Director, Mr. Matthew Job, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Sandeep Batra, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Yeshwant Rege, 
Vice President, Strategy & Financial Planning. We will begin the call with a brief overview 
by the management followed by a Q&A Session. I will now hand over the call to Mr. 
Khosla for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Thank you Harshit. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for dialing in to our quarter ended 
March 31, 2022, call. First, I hope all of you and your families are fully vaccinated healthy 
and safe. 
Before I touch upon the Crompton performance, I would like to briefly give an update on 
our Butterfly acquisition. In the last quarter we had executed a share purchase agreement of 
February 22nd to acquire 55% stake in Butterfly. The transaction was closed on March 30th 
through the stock exchange settlement process. We have launched a process of mandatory 
open offer to the public shareholders of Butterfly for the acquisition of up to 26% stake at a 
price of Rs.1433.90 per equity share. The tendering period for the open offers commenced 
on 23rd May and expected to conclude on 3rd of June. 
As we have mentioned before, this acquisition, we believe there is a transformational step 
towards Crompton’s long-term strategic goal becoming a leading pan India player in the 
critical small domestic appliances segment. As one of the few integrated manufacturers in 
this space Butterfly offers immediate scale in kitchen appliances with its diverse portfolio, 
increasing our share of SDA significantly. This diverse portfolio spans a complementary set 
of segments including mixer grinders, stoves and cook tops, tabletop wet grinders, pressure 
cookers. We have obviously commenced the post merger integration plan with the objective 
to run the business operations smoothly and start monetizing identify synergies. 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 3 of 20 
As we moved into the process of integration, we are overall finding that the process is going 
on extremely smoothly. We have installed a new Board of Directors, have put in some key 
capability including the Managing Director, Mr. Sriram who use to run our fans business. 
The overall organization feedback from Butterfly employees which we are collecting on a 
regular basis is positive and they all see this integration is a good thing for the business and 
themselves. We are continuing to see that both on the demand side and on a cost side that 
the synergies are beginning to be identified and we are beginning to execute our programs 
against them. We will obviously talk much more in terms of actual performance at the end 
of the current quarter but so far, we are extremely pleased with the program. 
 
As communicated by the Butterfly management at the end of its quarterly results there were 
certain charges which had been taken into the Q4 P&L of Butterfly. This included reduction 
in stock levels in the channel due to uncertainty created by the transaction, lag between the 
steep increase in commodity prices and pricing action which has now been corrected and 
the assessment of management that there was a need for some additional provisions to be 
made including provisioning for old and ageing inventory and additional provisioning for 
expected credit loss. As we have been operating the business that has been operating over 
the last couple of months or so we believe that the growth in revenue and margins is being 
witnessed on expected line and we do expect the structural profitability of the business to 
continue to be strong. 
Moving on to the way we are seeing the overall economy right now, the economy was 
really well on its way to recovery before the commencement of the last quarter with both 
manufacturing and service sectors exhibiting consistent growth. However, life is never 
simple. The emergence of new COVID disruptions in January plus the issues created out of 
the Russia Ukraine crisis and more recently rising inflation has continued to post fresh 
challenges. 
Further volatility in financial markets, supply side disruptions and shortages of the critical 
inputs such as semiconductors and chips pose downside risk to the economic outlook. 
However, we do believe that some of the reforms undertaken by the government such as 
significant increase in capital expenditure on infrastructure, trust of domestic manufacturing 
and technology enabled developers should continue to keep our economic growth relatively 
robust. 
Moving on specifically to the Crompton business in Q4 the, business was significantly 
impacted in the month of January due to the disruption caused by Omicron while the impact 
of the illness on Omicron is relatively lower than the extent of number of people who got 
impacted was significantly higher for the first time. We had large numbers of our own 
employees impacted by the Omicron variant. However, on the positive side post January the 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 4 of 20 
business quickly came back to normal and February and March maintained a strong growth 
trajectory. Growth was strong across categories in February and March and the total 
company growth for February and March was a nice double digit with a two-year CAGR of 
36%. In fact, the month of March itself was the highest ever recorded revenue month for 
our company. For full year 2022 revenue grew by 13% versus last year and importantly the 
profitability was broadly maintained despite steep increases in input costs and stepped-up 
investments in key initiatives like brand building, our investments in R&D center and 
innovation and strengthening alternative channels. 
The ECD business grew by 3% on a two-year CAGR of 29%. Net of pumps ECD grew by 
7%. The pumps business continues to be impacted due to an industry wide slowdown. Fans 
for the quarter performed strongly growing at 8% with a two-year CAGR of 32%, lighting 
revenues declined by 7%. However, the growth momentum continues in B2C LED business 
with a two-year CAGR of 14%. The key drag continues to be our B2G segment. 
As far as market share on a rolling 12-month basis, we have gained three points market 
shares in fans. Crompton is the only company to gain market share quarter-on-quarter over 
the last two years by demonstrating the all-round constant improvement across our key 
pillars. We have also improved market share both in the water heater category and the 
strategically important LED down lighter or panel’s category by 1%. 
Our EBITDA margins came in strongly superior to most of our competitors at 14.5% for the 
quarter despite continuing extraordinary commodity cost headwinds. Unprecedented 
increase in key commodities on account of the new COVID variant and the geopolitical 
tensions continue to put pressure on profitability in Q4. As we have been doing, we have 
been focusing our efforts quarter-on-quarter in mitigating these cost impacts. 
We have consistently been addressing these through accelerated cost savings through 
Unnati Program where we saved about 68 Crores in Q4, continued focus on premiumization 
across segments and appropriate pricing actions. We have also worked to use our cash book 
to advance contracts on commodities. With these, we continue to do relatively better on 
margins in a year highly impacted by commodity inflation. Importantly, it has helped us 
maintain our long-term investments in brand building, our new R&D center and 
strengthening of alternate channels. We do expect raw material inflation to continue over 
the medium-term and our plans to continue to mitigate them remain the same. 
During the quarter we witnessed strong improvement in working capital requirements. Our 
working capital was lower by 148 Crores. Our cash position stands at 1,514 Crores 
standalone as on the year ended FY2022. We have earmarked 666 Crores for the open offer 
process of Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited. We continue to maintain a very 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 5 of 20 
healthy balance sheet and cash position which we believe will continue to help us stand 
strong especially in these turbulent times. 
As mentioned, we have continued to invest in our key strategic choices.  
On go to market excellence, we focus on superior partnership with trade. We have 
empowered our channel partners to help them grow their business and continue to support 
them during these tough times. 
Our percentage regularly billed dealers continue to stay at a high level. We have focused on 
improving reach. Our efforts are clearly visible in improved reach on a rolling 12-month 
basis of our overall Fans portfolio by 4%, LED bulb by 1%, LED Panel by 1%. 
Technology as an enabler stays a key focus area. This helped us to improve our secondary 
sales tracking and information gathered from our Tally patch which gives a direct secondary 
sales data - Now covered 85% of our total sales. 
Our investments which we have been making in alternate channels continue to pay strong 
desired results. Our rural sales through both direct and indirect distribution model delivered 
an exponential growth of 146% in Q4 over last year albeit over relatively small base. We 
continue to gain share in this market. This channel contribution has grown to close to 5% 
from 2.2% in the previous year. It also witnessed a sequential growth of 30% over Q3. 
Product innovation where we have invested significantly stays a key focus and a key driver 
for our business and we continue to introduce over this period a number of critical 
initiatives on fan, appliances, pumps, and lighting and these are all helping our business 
stay robust. We have stepped up our brand awareness across media platforms to increase 
recall across consumer touch points. Several brand awareness campaigns were executed in 
lighting and water heater segment across both above and below the line platform. We 
executed a strong campaign of ceiling lights positioning on the three in one lighting modes 
which clearly has resulted in share growth in the segment. We launched a plumber loyalty 
program name Saathi which is built on a technology platform and which will help increase 
our share in the pumps business. In Q4, our investment in A&P activities stood at 17 
Crores. 
The commodity cost headwinds continued in Q4 and in the month of April putting 
continued pressure on margins. However, we have seen a little bit of softening of input cost 
in the medium-term and we do expect that in subsequent quarters we will begin to see some 
extent of benefit on this. Rising interest rates and inflation is another headwind as we look 
forward and this potentially could tap from the growth though the base effect given that the 
last year in this quarter, we had a strong COVID impact should show high growth. We 
would continue to invest in our long-term growth initiatives, our brand building, innovation, 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 6 of 20 
and alternate channels. We obviously are closely monitoring commodity cost and taking 
appropriate pricing mix and cost saving actions to negate to the extent possible these input 
costs. 
Now quickly taking you through the numbers, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
May 26th approved the quarterly results of the company for the quarter ended March 31, 
2022. The total income for the quarter was 1532 Crores consolidated 1548 Crores. ECD 
revenues stood at 1231 Crores and EBIT margin at 18.5. Lighting revenues stood at 301 
Crores consolidated 317 and EBIT margin stood at 11.4 consolidated 14.1. PBT stood at 
215 Crores, PBT margin stood at 14.1 Crores, PAT stood at 182 Crores and PAT margin at 
11.9%. 
 
I would like to now stop here and take any questions you all may have. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Kindly proceed. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions; one is in the previous call you had 
mentioned that Butterfly’s acquisition will be EPS neutral for year one now given the 
results that have come out on the fourth quarter, do you still maintain that and if yes why 
and if there is a change also, why. The second is more of a housekeeping question if you 
could just help us with what was the growth in the full year basis for water heater, pumps, 
and air coolers business? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Let me take the first one and then if Sandeep has anything to add he can add on to that. Yes, 
we had said that we expect year one to be largely EPS accretive. We continue to expect that 
to be the case. To be clear as we had mentioned the impacts which you saw on the Q4 P&L 
of Butterfly is pre-acquisition given that it came in on the March 30, 2022, and as explained 
the bottomline impacts were largely driven by elements which we do not see as recurring. 
As we have seen the business over the past six weeks or so we are quite comfortable with 
what we had forecast ourselves in terms of the base business and the way top and 
bottomline synergies would begin the flow. Anything to add Sandeep. 
Sandeep Batra: 
No, I think just to reiterate that whatever was our business case for year one basis which we 
had called out that the transaction will be EPS neutral in the first year that entire base case 
is very much intact. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
In terms of your question in terms of the full year growth for water heaters the full year 
growth have been in excess of 30%, air coolers I do not have the exact numbers but it is in 
low double digit but just keep in mind that this two year we have had part of the selling 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 7 of 20 
season being disrupted so I think that has had some impact on the cooler growth but that is 
closer to low double digits while geysers is more than 30%. In fans our growth for the full 
year has been 18%. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Pumps also Sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Pumps has been basically 2% growth as I mentioned most of the industry is facing a 
significant issue for the full year in pump, we have delivered a growth of 2%. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Kindly proceed. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Thanks a lot for giving me the opportunity. If you can give the volume and value growth 
breakup the number of volumes across all these products for full year and quarterly, it will 
be great Sir? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
We are happy to share, but instead of that reading out all these numbers you can now 
contact Yeshwant after the call and he will share the tables. No problem. Okay! That will be 
better. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sure. On a blended basis what would have been the price increase that we would have taken 
across the ECD business year-on-year for the full year if you can just share that? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The full year average price increase across ECD if I take would be close to 15%. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
For full year it will be 15% is what you are saying? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Around between 13% and 15% because there is different seasonality for different categories 
within appliances but now the average would be somewhere between 13% and 15%. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
The pumps business has been slightly on the softer side if I recall right is the second year 
what is foreseeing those challenges over there and what is the pass-through recovery if you 
can talk about that? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
I mean the pumps industry has been facing now it is an industry wide issue obviously. One 
of the contributing factors could be there are two contributing factors I can think of one is 
the kind of monsoons that have been there last year I think that has played a significant part 
especially in some of the big pump markets there has been excessive monsoon last year for 
example in Bihar for example so that is one and second I think definitely the kind of price 
increases that the industry has seen to the tune of around 30% and it is definitely having 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 8 of 20 
some dampening effect on volumes especially when you combine that with the kind of 
monsoon that has played out in the large market so I think so one that is the industry wide 
issue definitely if I look at the top five players I would think that most of them have actually 
not grown their business so it is an industry wide issues I do not think it is anything that 
specifically to Crompton. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Kindly 
proceed. 
Renu Baid: 
Thanks for the opportunity I have one question each for Crompton and Butterfly first for 
Butterfly we did mention that margins have impacted because of commodities what kind of 
price hikes have been taken and by when do we expect gross margins of 40% which the 
business was doing earlier to revert and thereafter the synergies to kick in some color on the 
margin trajectory? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Average price increase have been taken starting from towards the end of March in some 
channels and some channels in April to the tune of 4% to 5% obviously you mentioned how 
much time will it take to get back to 40% and I think 40% margins were primarily only in 
the first quarter of last year thereafter the margins have come down so we are rather looking 
at one growing our revenues and I would look more at EBIT margins and look at the gross 
margin per se because that is how we would like to get the benefit of the scheme that we 
will create as we go forward. 
Sandeep Batra: 
We do expect that EBIT margins will recover pretty fast, this fourth quarter margin 
numbers as Shantanu said, they are nonrecurring charges. 
Renu Baid: 
Right so the idea was even if we adjust gross margins because this company has pretty flat 
gross margins of 40% so if we have under recoveries of 3% to 5% points then at the 
EBITDA or EBIT level to come to 10% could be EBITDA of struggle in this kind of 
environment and then trying to do the math on EPS accretive is where I was coming from? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
I think Renu what you must add it has a combination of as always continued to have mix 
improvement, cost reduction and pricing which resulted in getting to our target EBITDA. 
Mathew Job: 
I think the quarter four also keep in mind that the top line growth also was soft for Butterfly 
in quarter four obviously because of as Shantanu mentioned almost 50 Crores to 60 Crores 
that revenue was loss because of the uncertainty around a transition that is happening. 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 9 of 20 
Shantanu Khosla: 
So, net currently we are feeling good about the initial progress in Butterfly business wise 
and organizationally and we are seeing absolutely no reason if anything we are seeing 
reinforcement that the forecast and the projections, we were making are pretty much doable. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir my second question is if you look at the core business Crompton portfolio while two-
year CAGR is optically higher we were against a low base of the first wave which is 
significantly impacted March numbers whatever three-year CAGR basis ECD portfolio has 
just been up 12% which actually is in line or actually slightly softer than the average price 
increases taken in the last 12 months. So, are we seeing demand headwinds in terms of 
volume growth because of price increases any pockets of slowdown you are seeing are you 
think now along with the inflation impact, mid teens kind of growth for the portfolio should 
be doable with new product expansion coming on the ECDs of the clients aside? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Again you need to just look at these numbers ECD minus pumps and pumps because there 
is no doubt that pumps has been relatively slower including volume decline over this period 
so if I talk about the non-pumps part of the business I think we feel unless we had some 
new headwinds we feel reasonably good about the demand situation and we have been 
seeing that over the second half of this last quarter, pumps I think the recovery will take a 
little more time because as Mathew said given the nature of the category it is linked to 
overall macroeconomic situation and inflation more than the others. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgoankar from Jefferies. Kindly 
proceed. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on exhibiting a great margin 
resilience amidst these challenging times. Sir again I have one question each one on 
Butterfly and one on Crompton. On Butterfly can you please help us understand the key 
synergy drivers which you have identified in terms of revenues, cost and distribution 
channels as well and second question on Crompton is you mentioned the price hikes taken 
during the year in ECD can you please help us with the price hikes taken in lighting as well 
and the capex numbers? Thank you. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
On Butterfly first and I now the kind of touch the key ones right obviously we have got a 
very detailed list of these. First there is clearly an opportunity which we are seeing in the 
premiumization, in the more premium segments of the existing Butterfly categories. They 
tend to be more developed there and we have already begun the work given the backend 
capability that Butterfly has to develop products which can better meet the more premium 
needs which is a faster growing segment. Second there is clearly a go to market 
opportunity. Now the interesting thing about the go to market opportunity is that we all 
knew and we all talk about the fact that the Butterfly business is largely south based and 
west and north if you will largely wide spaces now that remains but even more interestingly 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 10 of 20 
if you start unpeeling the south you see that there are clear growth opportunities in terms of 
wide spaces by investing in go to market in non-Tamil Nadu so states like Karnataka, AP, 
Telangana represent and immediate relatively low hanging fruit, finally there is clearly an 
opportunity to get more investment for synergy in terms of consumer marketing and 
advertising etc., which has also began so those are if you will three blocks of revenue 
synergies in the existing categories. In terms of cost well there is many synergies starting 
from simple buying synergies now for example material which has got copper for motor 
winding the consolidated growth now has much data scale in copper buying etc., etc. So, 
there is some simple scale synergies in terms of buying which can come but beyond that as 
we have demonstrated in Crompton itself if you put in a good focus program on cost 
reduction you can see a lot we are in so frankly we have that now we have less cost 
reduction program in place and we are seeing a part the significant cost synergies in all 
kinds of areas. 
Mathew Job: 
And the other question was in terms of lighting how much the price increase during the year 
is is about 7% during the year obviously it is much lower than ECD but it is also through 
that the commodity impact in lighting also has been lower. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Sir and capex and also follow up question on the synergies are there any quantified targets 
that we have identified during the first two years or so for revenue or cost? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Absolutely yes can I share them at this point? No. 
Sandeep Batra: 
So, on capex, Sonali other than if you look at maintenance capex for us will be in the 40 
Crores to 50 Crores range obviously if there is any decision taken to significantly expand 
capacity that will have its own capex implications but for now maintenance capex you can 
consider to be in the 40 Crores to 50 Crores range. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Sure, thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Bera from Nomura. Kindly 
proceed. 
Siddharth Bera: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my first question is on the appliance side of the business we 
have seen the growth coming off quite a bit over the past few quarters can you highlight 
what would be the reason here and going ahead now will you also focus on the Crompton 
supply portfolio, or will it be entirely led by Butterfly only so if you can just highlight here? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
I think like in this quarter, quarter four obviously the January impact of Omicron was across 
all categories including appliances but if I just give you some numbers for example as I 
mentioned water heaters we grew by 30% even in this quarter so structurally I do not think 
in appliances growth is coming down at all there might be a little bit of blip here and there 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 11 of 20 
but that got more to do with quarter-on-quarter movement of north numbers so if I look at 
structurally I would not say that there is any downtrend in appliances growth. Second thing 
is like we said the Crompton appliances portfolio will continue on its strategic part 
irrespective of the Butterfly acquisition. In fact, if I look at it, I will think that there should 
be a significant benefit to our own growth when we leverage the capabilities and Butterfly 
went through the table so without a doubt that the Crompton growth in terms of a category 
will continue to be driven like it has been driven all these years. 
Sandeep Batra: 
There is no overlap very limited overlap no may not be the right word very limited overlap 
between Butterfly’s portfolio and our product portfolio? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
In fact, the capability that the Butterfly R&D brings should actually help drive the 
Crompton portfolio even stronger so there is no downside at all. 
Siddharth Bera: 
But Sir would it be possible to quantify like how much will be the appliance growth in 
February, March, April in that period understanding that January might be affected? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Yes, February, March is addressed 18%. 
Siddharth Bera: 
The last question on the fan side I mean we understand that couple of new players have also 
come up like Finolex and we already had some other players also now focusing on this fan 
segment so going ahead what is your outlook on the growth side from here market share 
gains you think will be difficult or probably the profitability of the industry might be lower 
how to think about the growth in the fans? 
Mathew Job: 
New companies have been entering for quite some time some of the well known names of 
other industries have been entering this segment for more than two, three years now and it 
is also true that the competitive intensity in the fans industry has multiplied manifold over 
the last five, six years somewhere to the period before but the fact remains that Shantanu 
mentioned before we continue to gain share in every quarter we are probably the only 
company which has gained share every quarter in the last three years so there is always be 
challenges for us to say but there are also opportunities for example driving BLDC growth 
gaining share in BLDC so I think a lot of the headwinds that will come with increased the 
entry of new players but at the same time there are standards getting increased as you know 
that BEE is going to come in with the new standards for January because I in fact have a lot 
of these will favor the opportunities for us to grow further. 
Siddharth Bera: 
Understood Sir thanks a lot I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudha from ICICI. Kindly proceed. 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 12 of 20 
Anirudha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. As you have indicated that gain market share in fans. Can you 
indicate the exit market shares all the major water heater, pumps, cooler fans for March and 
second question in case of Butterfly whether all the restructuring is largely done means for 
whatever extraordinary expenses we had to take are they already in the March quarter 
results there will be any such do you see any such possibility for any such extraordinary 
expenses in current year? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The extraordinary expenses are done. We do not see them coming up again and again. 
Obviously the complete restructuring integration etc., etc. is not yet done that is the process 
and we expect that process to take 12, 18 months similar to what it took in the first set of 
Crompton; however, as we move forward just like in the case of Crompton everything will 
be focused on things and activities that kills the business and there will be organization 
therefore we expect that each activity will payout in itself. 
Sandeep Batra: 
In terms of paying exit market share you have and fans is 29% exit March it is 3% points 
above what it was the same period last year. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Akshen 
Thakkar from Fidelity International. Kindly proceed. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Two questions from my side Sir. Could you just throw some light on how the air cooler 
business is doing, last two years you had some disruption this will possibly be the first 
summer where you do not see disruption so how is that panning out and also some color on 
how the pump business growth in your estimation normalizes over the next whatever four 
six quarters how are you thinking about that that is question one and question two is in 
lighting we have had obviously volatility in the B2B business now that is in the base if we 
roll forward 12 to 24 months do you think this business steady state can grow a double digit 
or you think there are still overhang either from pricing or from higher salience of B2B that 
will impact the growth? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
See the air cooler business has been doing well. You are right in the last couple of years 
unfortunately we have had the COVID impact because COVID hit us in the peak of the 
selling season for air coolers and air coolers are highly seasonal business. If I look at the 
current period which is starting from March we have seen good traction of course has got to 
do with very harsh summer that has been going on across the country although there has 
been some impact also on commodity win in air cooler but I would say air cooler this is up 
to our expectation that is one. In terms of lighting yes actually if I remove the government 
business where I said there has been significant amount of challenge that has been going on 
even in Q4 the business lighting where B2B business has started to cover showing double 
digit growth if I exclude the government business. We think the government business will 
still take some more time to recover so that would create still some headwinds to the growth 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 13 of 20 
in lighting but definitely I would not think lighting B2C and nongovernment B2B business 
together should be perfectly capable of delivering a double digit growth going forward. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
What would be the salience with the government business right now? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Within the B2B portfolio almost 25% to 30%. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
And B2B would be what about 45%, 50%. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Roughly half of the lighting business. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Sir 25% is government and that you think will have growth headwinds 75% will grow at 
double digit is that sort of broadly can go? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
That is our expectation going forward yes. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Alright great that is it from my side. I will step back for another question just wanted to 
thank Sandeep for the wonderful work that he has done as a CFO and all the best to him in 
his endeavor. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Kindly 
proceed. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Lighting segment if you look at last two years and even before 
that I mean the B2B business as a channel has been continues for us but when we look at 
the peers in the industry they have been grows at a fairly stronger pace with similar mix of 
B2B and B2C so if you can just elaborate a bit more on why this government business we 
are facing so much challenge and what steps are you taking to rectify that. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
I think first of all the mix of B2B and B2C is not same for all the companies that is one. 
The other thing one needs to keep in mind is a mix of conventional products and LED is 
also not the same for all the products. So obviously for some of our competitors are far 
lower with the conventional compared to Crompton a lot of other companies have a much 
lower mix of B2B versus Crompton so obviously there is some significant difference in 
the makeup of the lighting business. Now I would say that one area where we have grown 
a little slower and which is where we are placing a lot of focus now is to grow our B2C 
lighting business and that is where you will see that after a gap of a few quarters we have 
started to gain share again in B2C lighting and although it is still I would say slower than 
what we would like to do but that is where they are going to focus all our energies drive 
growth going forward and when B2B the government business comes back that will help 
with the overall growth of the lighting business for us. 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 14 of 20 
Devansh Nigotia: 
But in case of convention in LED I mean that has fairly stabilized at 80:20 for last two 
years? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
No, in fact the conventional lighting is now down to single digits. If I look at it, it has been 
declining 20%, 30% almost on a yearly basis so it is not going to be a long before the 
conventional will hardly seem to exist and of course one of the deliberate we will have is 
obviously declining pretty sharply I think every year with every passing year in the base 
you have much lower in a conventional lighting so that will also help us as we go forward 
to see the growth. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
How should we understand that to eventually is going to be the promoter of the company 
because now the stake is at 6% so eventually who will send the vision and mission for the 
company who will eventually be the key decision maker major top level decision who will 
be taking going forward? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
This company from its day of formation has been a board driven company. Even when we 
had both Advent and Temasek as promoters the decisions were taken by the board they 
continue to be the key representatives of the shareholders and we continue to be a board 
driven company and that is how we believe it will remain so we as management we serve 
the pleasure of the board, the board is ultimately the key authority and the board with a 
pleasure of the shareholders. So there maybe never been operationally if you will a separate 
promoter decision making process. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Thanks a lot. This is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish from Morgan Stanley. Kindly 
proceed. 
Girish: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just had one question. If you can give us the FY2022 value 
and volume growth ex pumps business please? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Ex pumps business very difficult. I can tell you for example initially if I remove pumps 
initially we would have grown roughly 17% full year growth the 17% because with pumps 
the ECD growth comes down to 12% that because pumps will only grow 2% but if I 
exclude pump from ECD we have grown 17% in ECD and lighting has grown roughly 9% 
for the year. 
Girish: 
Pricing you had said was 15% so simplistically would it be like? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Yes, for pricing I would say it is 13% to 15% but it is very difficult to them call out because 
this while we have taken 13% to 15% per category the mix of the category is also has 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 15 of 20 
changed because of low growth in pumps so it would not be wise to then that the volume 
growth is only 3% or 4%. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Because it is not right to look at volume growth averaged out because these are all units so a 
pump could cost Rs.10000 and a fan could cost Rs.1500 and bulb could cost Rs.500. So 
when you look at volume and value comparison you need to look at it by segments. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
But it would be fair to say that both inventory if you take out pumps it is fair to say that in 
both fans and appliances volume growth is in low single digits that I think still is pretty 
good given the situation which was there during the year. 
Girish: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. 
Kindly proceed. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Good morning. Just two very short questions firstly on the cost saving 68 Crores just 
wanted to know this is at the gross margin level or the EBITDA level and if you could just 
highlight some line items here and the second was the nature of the debt raised for Butterfly 
it is about 1155 Crores and what is the firm rate of interest and repayment schedule which 
you just discussed it looks like bit higher than what I would have expected as an analyst just 
two questions. Thanks. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Most of the 68 Crores saving would have accrued at the gross margin level, most of it, not 
all, a significant part of it. 
Sandeep Batra: 
The debt that we have is we have raised commercial paper in two tranches, 600 Crores each 
one tranche is repayable in September and the other one in March of next year and the 
overall cost is around 5.5% at which we have borrowed this. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And on the gross margin level the cost saving 68 Crores could you just elaborate a bit mean 
how does this number basically how do you calculate this? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
This is actual saving accrued in the quarter. So it is not something which is reduced which 
may come into benefit in six months later so these actual savings accrued in the quarter and 
when Mathew said is that they are gross margin. Let me give you an example of the kind of 
things we are talking about. If you take pumps, pumps have two motors it has the basic 
motor which transit and it has a motor which starts. We have converted in pumps that 
starting motor from copper winding to aluminium winding. Now the core thing about this 
thing is not only saving you cost on the material but it so happens at aluminium winding has 
a higher torque than a copper winding motor so this actually effect improves the starting 
performance and reduces pump jams so it is a project of this nature because frankly we have 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 16 of 20 
been doing this kind of work now for three four years and been saving 2% to 2.5% every 
year. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Best wishes to Sandeep for his future endeavor. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Kindly 
proceed. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good morning. My question was if we look at the overall scenario you have been talking 
about decent demand scenario for last few quarters I mean if I recall since last 3Q FY2021 
and we have also seen market share gains yet we are talking about the volume growth is 
actually kind of flat or marginally positive for us so is it fair to say that industry has seen a 
decline in volume and if yes I mean in the context of people saving on the other expenses 
and spending on the in-house improvements how do we tackle these two things? 
Mathew Job: 
Obviously like we said we have taken 13% to 15% price increase in most of the categories 
and if I look at most of our competitors they would have also taken maybe slightly lower 
maybe 8% to 10% during the year so assuming that the industry has an average figure of 
10%, 11% kind of price increase, we think the market volume growth maybe flat maybe 
marginally plus or minus but nothing beyond that. So that is one because again the problem 
is the overall numbers like Shantanu mentioned gets a little bit clouded, in pumps because 
of pumps and pumps have to be in the big laggard but otherwise I would think the volume 
growth would be in low single digits. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Therefore during this the second part in your question if you will 14%, 15% inflation these 
are categories which typically use to take price increase at 2% to 3% a year so in the context 
of there is a huge levels of price increase so the consumer behavior would definitely be 
okay my fan is giving me a little bit of trouble, I get it repaired instead of buying a new one, 
I delay my purchase a little bit maybe I buy a slightly cheaper fan so that kind of consumer 
behavior would definitely happen in this period when you have extreme inflation. Now we 
had expected when we ended last calendar that this was sort of behind us but obviously that 
Ukraine and everything has created another round of inflation so it is well probable that 
while value growths may rebound nicely in the coming years volume growths of the 
categories may still remain muted still inflation settles down to somewhat normal level but 
that we will have to see as we move forward. 
Achal Lohade: 
The second question I had specifically on the lighting business you mentioned that the B2G 
and also partly B2B is creating the hurdle actually in terms of comparing with the peers my 
question was any update you could share on the fixture part of it because I presume the 
fixture mix is reasonably low as compared to the market leader, if you could talk a little bit 
on that that would be of great help? 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 17 of 20 
Mathew Job: 
Let me talk the B2C, B2C you have the bulb business and then you have battens and panels. 
In fact the struggle that we have been having in B2C is more on bulbs and battens and 
panels have been especially panels has been growing pretty strongly and then Shantanu 
mentioned, we also started gain share in panels also our panels share is actually below our 
overall B2C lighting share so there is still a lot of opportunity to grow our ceiling lights 
share. The bulb business obviously I think it is true for all the key players the bulb business 
to large extent because of the actions of many of the players have got to some extent 
commoditized and that is why you see most of the large players losing share in bulb we 
have for example manage to hold our share and bounce and actually started to grow in 
battens and panels, so LED fixture is actually growing much faster than the bulk business. 
Achal Lohade: 
Would it be possible to give a mix how much just a clarification if you could just a fixtures 
mix within the B2C LED Sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
I would say now it is about 60%. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Pecha from Multi-Act. Kindly 
proceed. 
Rahul Pecha: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir. My question is on Butterfly. I wanted to understand the EPS 
neutralizing a bit better so when I workout the number the price that we have spend for 
acquiring the company I think in my calculation we need to do 100 Crores to 120 Crores of 
profit in Butterfly for it to work out to be EPS neutral so is my number way off compared to 
what you are working with internally or is there some misunderstanding? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes. There is some difference I do not know which profit number you are talking I mean 
whatever you are saying 100 Crores and 120 Crores whether it is EBITDA or whether it is 
PAT but I would suggest, I think you reach out to Yeshwant he will help clarify. 
Rahul Pecha: 
On the margin improvement side that we are talking about so which are the main sources 
through which you expect margin improvement and a question connected to that when I 
look at A&P spends for Butterfly it is roughly in the range of 10% to 12% of sales for the 
last many years which is very high when I compare it with peers across industries and the 
consumer durable segment as well so within that I wanted to understand what was pure 
advertising and what is just simply sales promotion and discounts and channel related 
promotions and how do you look at that spend evolving going forward? 
Mathew Job: 
See margin levers as we mentioned is going to be a combination. Shantanu covered already 
the cost part of it obviously we think there is significant cost synergy available, and we 
started working on it already and we have good experience in Crompton having done this 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 18 of 20 
for five years. There is also a mix lever available and that is probably also it is a mix 
between the products but it is also a mix of retail versus e-com because lot of the growth in 
Butterfly in the past have been driven by e-com and retail freight growth has been 
comparatively underperforming, one of our focus is to get that level up and with that 
happens obviously you are going to get some benefit the combination of mix and cost will 
help drive. The second question on A&P most of spend in the past have been on promotion 
and very limited in terms of brand building. We think obviously as we start expanding to 
other regions is going to we could have to spend significant on advertising so there could be 
strong some recasting of the mix between advertising and promotion and what we think is a 
lot of the benefit that will accrue from cost saving, margin improvement a significant part of 
that will have to be reinvested in building the business outside the south so that is what is in 
our entire model going forward. 
Rahul Pecha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors. Kindly proceed. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question is that in general how do we see 
BLDC fans doing over the next three to five years and could you throw some light on the 
technology behind it? Is it something difficult to figure out and do we have any IP on the 
motor or if you could just throw some light on that? 
Mathew Job: 
Obviously BLDC energy saving technology obviously is going to be one of the key areas of 
which we expect will grow in the fans business so obviously BLDC being one of the most 
promising technology today is going to be one of the key focus area for us to the going 
forward. Still now we have been working now in partnership with some of our partners in 
terms of developing the BLDC technology that will continue to one avenue that we will 
continue to pursue and we are also looking at other options in terms of how can we develop 
some consumer differentiated proposition and then see if any it can be developed around 
that I think then of course if you will follow there in BLDCs are going to be no different 
from what we have done for all the other categories but definitely is going to be a key focus 
area for us going forward. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Thank you so much and just another question was when we expect mandatory BEE rating 
to kick in for fans? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
January next year. 
Aakash Javeri: 
We see the delta between BLDC and induction motor reducing over a period of time or 
those BLDC always be slightly premium? 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 19 of 20 
Mathew Job: 
It has been reducing already if you see the gap between BLDC and induction motors have 
come down from being more than 2x to significantly lower as the volumes starts to build I 
think that gap will come down whether we will actually get to induction motor level, it is 
very difficult to say at this moment. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Thank you so much for answers and all the best for the next year. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia for closing comments. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks Vivian. We would like to thank the management of Crompton Greaves Consumer 
Electrical for giving us an opportunity to host this call. We would also like to thank all the 
investors and analysts for joining for this call. Any closing remarks Shantanu Sir you want 
to give to investors. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Thank you all for joining. As always we are trying to get the best to give you as much 
information as we can and be completely transparent. If anyone feels anything more please 
do not hesitate and contact Yeshwant or any of us then we will be happy to answer. Take 
care and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                          Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
May 30, 2022 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Contact Details: 
Investor Relations: 
crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in  
Registered Address: 
Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, 
Equinox Business Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400070 
Website: www.crompton.co.in  
CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
 
 
