UFLEX LIMITED
'A part of your daily life'
Division/Office:
CORPORATE
- SECRETARIAL
Corporate
Office:
A-107-1 08, Sector-IV,
Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, NOIDA - 201301, (U.P.), India
Tel.: +91-120-4012345/2522558
Fax: +91-120-2442903
Website:
www.uflexltd.com
E-maiIID:secretarial@uflexltd.com
UFLEXjSECj2022j
June 4,2022
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No.Cjl, G-Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400051
The BSELimited
Corporate
Relationships Department
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,
Rotunda Building,
PJTowers,
Dalal Street,
Fort,
Mumbai - 400001
Scrip Code:
UFLEX
Scrip Code:
500148
Subject:
Transcript
of the earnings conference
call conducted
on 31st May, 2022
Dear Sir(s),
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,
2015, please find enclosed the transcript
of the earnings conference
call conducted
on 31st May, 2022.
The
same
is
also
hosted
on
the
website
of
the
Company
at
https :llwww.ut]exltd.com/pdflEarn
ingsConferenceCal1l2021-
22fU Flex Earn iugs Call Transcri pt 04FY22
31May2022. pdf
Request you to take on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For UFL
IMITED
(Ajay
Ishna)
Sr. Vice President (Legal) &
~ompany
Secretary
Encl : As above
Regd. Office: 305, 3rd Floor, Shanot Corner, Pamposh
Enclave, Greater Kailash-I,
New Delhi-11 0048 Phone: +91-11-26440917
Fax: +91-11-26216922
CIN No. L74899DL 1988PLC032166

 
- 1 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
                                 
 
 
 
 
 
Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd 
 
     Event Date / Time    :  31st May 2022, 1600 Hrs  
     Event Duration         :  1 hour 6 minutes and 30 seconds 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
  
Mr. Rajesh Bhatia,  
Group CFO and President Finance and Accounts 
 
Mr. Vinu Saini, 
Vice President Corporate Finance, M&A and Investor Relations 
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal,  
Dam Capital 
 
 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Saurabh Sharma  
-   Individual Investor 
2. Subham Agarwal 
-   Aequitas 
3. Chirag Singhal  
-   First Water Fund 
4. Mann Ashar 
 
-   Individual Investor 
5. Kaushik Poddar  
-   KB Capital Markets Pvt Ltd 
6. Yash Dantewadia 
-   Dante Equity capital 
7. Shivam Saxena   
-   ICICI Bank 
 
 
 

 
- 2 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
Moderator   
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Honeyla moderator for UFlex Limited Q4 FY22. Post 
results conference call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors limited. As a reminder, all participants will 
be in the listen one only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. After the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
and operator by pressing * and then zero on your touch tone telephone. Please note this 
conference is recorded. I now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM capital. 
Thank you and over to yourself. 
 
Nitin Agarwal  
 
Thanks so Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to UFlex Limited to Q4 FY22 
post earnings call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors limited on the call today we have representing 
UFlex Limited Management, Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group CFO and President Finance and Accounts, 
and Mr. Vinu Saini, Vice President Corporate Finance, M&A and Investor Relations. To start the 
call, I will hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Bhatia for making the opening comments, and then 
we'll open the floor for Q&A. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Thank you everybody on the call for taking the time out for this earnings call, we had a stupendous 
quarter and a very good FY22 as you would have seen the numbers you know we almost clocked 
the 4000 crores top line this quarter. And for the year as a whole it was 13,225 crores off the top 
line, you know, which is up by close by about 49% over last year. And this, you know, to 49% 
growth is backed by close to about 30% volume growth in both Packaging film as well as the 
packaging business. Our EBITDA for the year is 22804, which is the highest ever we've achieved. 
The quarterly EBITDA at 734 crore again is a quarterly highest number. And for the year as a 
whole EBITDA view by about close to about 25%. The EBITDA margin was 17.24% this year 
versus 20 and a half percent last year. But I think if we take out the impact of the raw material 
price increases and the consequent pricing fees in our finished products. I think we are we are 
very close to about 20%. You know EBITDA margin. So it's everything we bring it down to the 
same thing last year prices. 
 
Moderator   
 
Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected while I connect the management team back on the 
call. Welcome back sir, please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Ok. Sorry, gentleman, the call got disconnected. So I'll repeat again. I think we were I was telling 
you about the EBITDA margin this year is 17.24% versus 20 and a half percent last year. But if 
we neutralize the impact of rising raw material costs, and consequent increase in finished goods 
prices, I think we pretty much around 20% EBITDA margin what we achieved last year, and the 
path close to 1098 crore is up 30% this year. The leverage ratio is pretty good at net debt to 
EBITDA is 1.74x. During the year, we've commissioned our Hungary facility which got 
commissioned at the beginning of the year. And then subsequently during the year the 
commissioned or Nigeria facility. We have also recently commissioned aseptic packaging 
extension as well. And that's the pace for FY23. As you know, we continue to do pretty well.  
 

 
- 3 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
In terms of volumes from the aseptic packaging business. We told you earlier also that all our 
plants except Nigeria, were running at close to 100% or in certain cases even above installed 
capacity numbers and Nigeria was you know, compounded by various problems of the supply 
chain issues for the raw materials because, you know, all the raw material that has to be imported, 
and all the finished goods have to be part of the finished goods have to be exported. So, there 
are some supply chain bottlenecks in that infrastructure which are which are being sorted. And 
hopefully in the next one to two quarters, we'll see much better numbers from that particular 
business because all other businesses are at almost a full capacity levels. We, also you know, 
back this extremely strong growth this year, we also had our share of rating upgrade.  
 
So, the recent the last one the latest in the list is CRISIL has upgraded short term as well as long 
term credit ratings, the short-term credit rating is the highest category now A1+ and the long term 
is AA minor, which speaks about credits and strong financial performance and very very 
conservatively, you know, the leverage profile of the company. In terms of liquid packaging 
business, I'll just give you an insight that you know, in this year, we achieved almost 86% capacity 
utilization while last year was about 55%. So, the expanded facility also which has come into play 
recently is also ramping up pretty well. So, you know, we good to see good numbers in that 
business in the current financial year. I think there is there is a presentation, which has already 
been shared with you is there on the website also, you can have detailed insight into the 
performance various parameters.  
 
Just sharing your numbers. So, the net debt is now a little under 4000 crores, which includes both 
short term as well as the long term. The long term that stands at about 3500 odd crores and rest 
of about 1000 crores is the short term and we have about 600 crores cash on the balance sheet. 
And the net debt on that basis is about 3974 crores up by close to about 600 crores as compared 
to March 21 which is you know largely invested into our Dharwad and Dubai facilities, which were 
announced, I think a couple of years earlier, which are now getting commissioned in FY22 and 
will give us additional revenues as well as profitability. So, whether it is quarter or it is the year, I 
think this has been UFlex the best ever performance on all parameters, whether the production 
number or sales number revenue, profitability EBITDA as well as the PAT, we are at PAT level 
we are hit this year by devaluation of its currency by about 16% by Egypt, which happened on 
21st of March which has impacted our bottom line by about 38 crores and has been shown as an 
exceptional item because this one was an official devaluation of the Egyptian pound by the by the 
Egyptian authority.  
 
So that has been reported as an exceptional item. Rest, I think all the numbers are with you there 
is there's no other abnormalities in the financial dividend is slightly up this year to about 30%. 
We've also announced this along with the financial backward integration into making the 
polyesters chips for our facilities in Noida as well as the upcoming facility at Dharwad. So, this is 
to ensure protect our margins as, you would have seen that the raw material prices have gone up 
quite substantially in FY22. So that number one that helps us to insulate, in certain way from our 
raw material pricing. But I think a bigger advantage is that, you know, given the disruption what 
we have seen after the pandemic, I think that insulates us from a perspective of our raw material 
security, also as the, with the Dharwad, we are close to Dharwad implementation would be, you 
know, almost 80% of our existing capacity in India is added.  
 
And that's one which was putting us on a substantial risk from a raw material perspective. So, this 
investment is to protect our margins as well as to ensure raw material security for the further back 
in nutshell about the financials for Q4 as well as for FY22. We are open to any questions that you 
may have. And if we have ready answers, it's always my pleasure to share that with you. But just 

 
- 4 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
in case, you know, there are certain numbers or figures which we don't readily will surely get back 
to you as. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir, ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Q&A session. If you have a question, 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you'd 
like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Participants if you have 
any question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. First question comes from Yash 
Dantewadia from Dante Equity Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
I just have a couple of questions. I just want to bring something to your notice. Since you said the 
dividend payout has actually gone up actually, what I would like to bring to your notice is UFlex’s 
dividend payout percentage has actually declined every year, since 2014, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 and 
22. Or your dividend payout, for example, was payout percentage I'm talking about here was 9%. 
In 14, and in 17, it was 7%. And in 2020, it was 4% and now in March 2022, will come down to 
2%. To make question is, why has the dividend payout decrease substantially? And why is that 
decreasing continuously for the last decade? That's my first question. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Broadly, if you see, we had a very major Capex. You know, In the last few years, the results from 
the financial performance for FY21 going strongly into FY22. And all these extensions were also 
funded largely by the debt numbers also. So in terms of, you know, making the resources, equity 
resources available from our side, to invest in these as well as certain restrictions that come from 
the bank as to you know, how much you should be distributing. I think so it's been a balance of 
the two years. I agree that you know, if you look at as payout ratio lesser, but, you know, in terms 
of the fact that, you know, the money was required in terms of plowing it back into the business 
for the expansion, expansion that we done in the previous years, that current ongoing Dharwad 
and Dubai extension and now the extension of doubling our capacity of aseptic packaging from 
3.5 to 7 billion packs.  
 
And now the backward integration into making the polyesters chips. So, I think this is helping us 
to make our business stronger by, you know, being a substantial capacity player across the globe 
and aseptic packaging where the markets have responded very well to our products. And as I 
shared already with you that, you know, even the new capacity that we are seeing a very good 
traction on the numbers there. So, it's basically what we have done is a large CAPEX program in 
the last 4 to 5 years, driven largely by debt funding that arrange. And yet that has helped us to 
boost the revenue boost the profitability, and overall numbers look great, but, you know, in terms 
of the absolute amounts of the payout, they've gone up in the last two years, but on a payout ratio 
I agree. And the reason which I just shared with you. 
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
Hello, Yeah. So, the reason I brought this to your notice is that it is my humble opinion that 
targeting giants like UFlex can definitely afford dividend payout of, let's assume 5 to 10% while 
sustaining of Capex and that is why I brought it to your notice. And coming to my next question, 
sir, my next question is regarding the demand for crude oil is at one $120 per barrel as of today, 
what do you see the demand outlook from your chill share our numbers of adding to the attention 

 
- 5 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
of global recession? Possibly and let's assume crude oil goes up by another 10 points to 130 or 
one $140 per barrel. How will that impact our raw material? And how will it impact the demand 
that we are seeing? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think, demand issue you're right, that, you know, we the world is talking about the US and the 
Europe going into the recession that is harsh reality which is facing us. You know, and actually, if 
you see, prior to pandemic, also there was a talk about US going into the recession, but you know, 
the pandemic changed that totally. And now that, you know, we think the US inflation at record 
high. We talking about interest rates in incremental scenario which will, you know, sort of impact 
the demand side. That's mostly true for a lot of commodities, as well as the, you know, the other 
consumer purchases habits, but when I look at what I do, or UFlex does. So, 95% of my business 
is packaging foods, which is the basic necessity for life.  
 
So, you know, given that the food and you know, we don't do any fancy food stuffs and all that, 
we are just the primary packing of the food is our core business. So there, you know, frankly, we 
don't see any impacts of you know, recession coming and affecting us on a food price is, we seen 
in the past that, you know that frequent changes in the crude prices or frequent changes in prices 
because of the supply chain disruptions affected our margins in Q2, and we were quickly to realize 
that and we start changed our policy from a longer order book to just seven days order book. So 
that's what we'll be doing currently as well. So, the raw material price increased or passed on as 
soon as possible to the customers in the packaging films business. In the packaging though, still 
there is a lag there from a months or going maximum up to three months basis. So that lag is 
going to affect your margins as the raw material prices go up.  
 
We there also be trying to, you know, if the adjustments are too large, we discuss with our buyers 
and you know, sort of rediscover the prices with them. And they also understand the dynamics. 
But yes, there is a there's definitely a lack there and I have no qualms about not admitting that. 
But in a larger business now, which is the packaging films business, which is about, I will say 
about more 60 to 65% of our top line, they are pretty safe, pretty fragile, in terms of the raw 
material price changes and the consequent selling prices changes.  
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
So, can I conclude that even with crude at 130, or $140, we won't see a very good impact on the 
demand? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I don't, but that's what I said that, you know, given that there's a basic necessity of life that we do, 
I don't see demand side  issue 
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
Also, are we you made a recent disclosure about FZE listing in global market? Can you can you 
put some light on it? 
 
 
 
 

 
- 6 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think what we are trying to do is we trying to, you know, list our holding company at the Dubai 
level, at an either in US or European or, other relevant stock exchanges with capital there that 
serves two purposes. One is you get your leverage improves substantially, which improves your 
ratings, that gives you the capital for the further growth that you want to do in the business. And 
on top of this, because the numbers that, you know, the guidance that we've been having from 
our bankers our investment bankers in US, you know, the valuations are pretty much different 
there. So that would also listing. Dubai will also help you to, you know, sort of re-value. UFlex 
India level as well. That's the whole objective.  
 
Yash Dantewadia   
Also, my last question, I'm going to be finishing off here, sorry for taking so much time, do you 
have any plans of listing aseptic packaging, the part the subsidiary that handles Asepto separately 
on the exchange? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So aseptic packaging is a division of UFlex and not a subsidiary of UFlex. So, you know, it's 
already listed as part of the UFlex.  
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
No, I meant demerger, I meant demerger of the aseptic packaging, because obviously it will 
demand- a much, higher valuation than what UFlex is because it separates UFlex from being a 
commodity.  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
You are right. Great idea. I think we can, we will definitely discuss internally, if there is a merit in 
this and there's a value to be taken, why not? You can do it now. Or you can, I think, you know, if 
our current capacity we can. Next couple of years, we can operate at the higher increase capacity 
level, consistently, obviously, there will be time to further grow there because that one segment 
is growing at close to about 18 to 20% annual growth rate. So, that really sets up the pace for you 
to grow that business. Maybe as a separate subsidiary. I think that's a good suggestion to take it 
back to the management and you know, if there is a merit in this rate capital separately, that and 
grow that business separately  
 
Yash Dantewadia   
 
Precisely because yeah, because the business has grown 100%, you’re an over, at a very fast 
pace. And since that business is very hard to enter into, and it has a lot of barriers to enter into. It 
will definitely, you know, have a very high valuation compared to what UFlex has today. Thank 
you so much for your time. And thank you for taking my questions. And thank you for everything 
and congralutions on your good performance. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets, please 
go ahead. 
 

 
- 7 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
Kaushik Poddar   
 
Yeah, I just want to draw attention to the comment made by the chairman, two things, he is talking 
about the plastic waste management amendment rules act, number one and number two is the 
U-shaped paper straw. So, if you can comment on both these things.  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So, India has now implemented a new set of EPR rules from first of April 2022. Now, as compared 
to the earlier things, there are two new things in this EPR policy. One is there is a step up for the 
obligation on the brands like PepsiCo, Unilever, and all that to step up the recycling of the plastics 
that they buy every year. Assuming that you know, Unilever buys 200,000 tons of plastics. So 
each year, they will ultimately in the next four to five years, they'll be 100 percent but it's a step 
up requirement for them to ensure that you know, whatever plastics they buy, that is recycled. 
That's one and if they don't want to recycle that or they want to you know sort of do the other 
option that they have is make the packaging biodegradable.  
 
Now, you UFlex  definitely has a unique advantage in both these because you know not only, we 
have the recycling facilities at our major plants in Jammu as well as in India, and recycling 
capacities are also in a small showcase where are being set up in Mexico and in Egypt. But, you 
know, we also have a bio-degradable products range also. So, I think that's what the Chairman 
said that you know, as these rules become effective and as they are implemented, you know, 
strictly by the government. So, there is a play for recycling as well as for the bio-degradable 
packaging. Second question about paper straws, from 1st of July the government has banned the 
plastic straws in the country.  
 
And so, you have no choice but to go in for paper straws. So, we are creating the necessary 
infrastructure at our sanand  plant, because you know, in the aseptic packaging, you would have 
normally seen that you know, there is a diagonal shaped straw attached to the pack. So, those 
straws now have to be the paper straw. So, that necessary infrastructure we have to do, we are 
also hearing that the government may given that you know, there are situations where, you know, 
given these tougher deadlines, some of the some of the companies may not be in a position to 
convert immediately to the to the paper straws.  
 
So, there the deadline may be extended a bit but let's see there's still some time, but what we are 
saying is we prepared ourselves well in advance to ensure that you know, we have the market 
ready, whether it is 1st July or it is 1st September or it is 1st October or 1st  December, whatever 
the government decides, we should be ready to give our customers the product, because 
otherwise the other possibility during this period is for everybody to import these straws where 
the costing is going to be very very different as compared to you are sort of producing this in 
house and all manufacturers do manufacture this in house normally. 
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
And this paper straw, thing you have already done it. I mean 1st July is not too far off. So, you 
have already done this paper straw along with this Tetra pack.  
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   

 
- 8 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
So, we are in the process of doing this. So, partially will be able to achieve before 1st of July and 
then in the next six months again the more machines are being added to comply with that.  
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
So, this paper straws your manufacturing yourselfer you are getting it from some of the paper 
manufacturers? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
No, we are doing it ourselves. So, even though plastic straws earlier we were manufacturing 
ourselves at sanand facility  
 
Kaushik Poddar 
   
Plastic was up your street, but paper was not exactly was not you. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
But aseptic packaging business is more of a paper business rather than classic business. So, 
that's where you are you're already buying a lot of paper for that this comes as an additional small 
setup to convert from plastic to paper straws.  
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
And this EPR thing is yet to translate into good amount of revenue or profit, up to last year. Do 
you see this EPR Act, I mean this new act which is Plastic Waste Management Act coming into 
force your profitability and turnover looking up some way, with all the likes of Pepsi or ITC or 
whatever taking your help? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So, I think as of now, the management mindset is not to invest into the recycling from a business 
perspective. 
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
Management of Pepsi and all these people are management of UFlex? Okay. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So, UFlex has setup some of the recycling facilities, but, you know, they will more as those things 
have helped us to showcase to the government that, you know, that the plastic is indispensable, 
and there needs to be a strong regulation to recycle that. And recycling is possible as to be seen 
at our multiple facilities in India or abroad. So, that's a message which has gone well with them 
and that's what is imbibed in the EPR. But as a business focus, I don't think so, that you know, 
we are going to invest in setting up the recycling facilities for our brands, what we can help the 
brands with is that, you know, if they need any technology to make this happen, or some hand 
holding to make this because ultimately, what will be the responsibility which is trusted upon them.  

 
- 9 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
Now, whether they do it themselves or they do it through the third-party recycler, which come up 
at the barriers, because you know, recycling cannot be that you transport that waste to one large 
center. So, there has to be you know, small recycling plants at all multiple places, which will do 
the loop which will take the local garbage and sorted out and recycle that. So, from any getting 
into that business and handling that base, and all that it's not UFlex key business. But bio-
degradable plastic, where you know, certain enzymes are added then the plastic the packaging 
cells are made and that becomes highly visible clearly, we see as a huge potential for the 
business, because if the brands do not want to go in.  
 
So, the brands think that you know, rather than going through this cumbersome to have the 
recycling, it is it makes much better sense for them to just produce the bio-degradable film. And 
this will be they'll do their cost benefit analysis, you know, their efforts, and all that. So that's where 
UFlex will definitely look at increasing it's revenue from these enzymes and flexible and bio-
degradable packaging.  
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
Have you found any user for your bio-degradable products? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Yes, we have, the users are always there. But what it means is that you know, there is a there is 
an increased cost to this. And unless the regulation is there, I think nobody is everybody will make 
a forward looking statements. But, you know, end of the day to shell out that extra money is people 
look at each other and say that, you know, you do it first and you but when there's a regulation in 
place, then everybody has to fall in line. So as of now the government has given them two choices 
of recycling or bio-degradable. And this is a step up thing, maybe 35% to begin with, and going 
in the fourth or fifth year to about 100% of what they buy. And I think this will evolve in the next 
two years or so as to you know, which way the brands want to focus, maybe they can do a hybrid 
model as well. You know, because they're also do not have may have full clarity to begin with. 
So, they may also go in for a hybrid structure some recycling facilities they set up or somebody 
else sets up for them and job work for them or mix up the biodegradable. 
 
Kaushik Poddar   
 
And before I end, I just want to highlight whatever two of the participants have highlighted A, the 
merger of the of your aseptic, the packaging division, and B, if you can be more shareholder 
friendly in the form of dividends, if you can do these things, I think that will do you do your stock? 
A lot of wonders. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Participants are kindly requested to ask two questions in the initial round and make 
join the queue for more questions. Thank you. The next question comes from Shivam Saxena 
from ICICI Bank, please go ahead.  
 
 
 
Shivam Saxena 

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
   
Yeah, Congralutions for good results. And thanks for taking my question. My question is, one, 
what is the path of debt reduction? When do you see the company has become a net debt zero? 
And then I think more cash would compete with the holders. So what is your path on the interest 
rates are going up? What is your path? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think. if I we don't want to become net debts zero company. I think that's the most inefficient way 
to grow your business. But that particularly the kinds of debt, as I said that, you know, our 60-65% 
of our business is now our international business, a very small portion 1/3 of the business is now 
in the business where you know the rupee that may be higher, but to borrow in euros or dollars 
that between 1 to 2% kind of spreads. Is your ROCE being 16% also, I think it makes sense to 
leverage that. But yes, the leverage has to be very very prudent, you just can't at 1.74x  of net 
debt to EBITDA that no major Capex insight, I think we will gradually reduce our debt as the 
amortization for next year, amortization is about close to about 500 odd crores.  
 
Shivam Saxena   
 
Okay, and one more question on the rating upgrade your motivating upgrade from CRISIL. So 
what is that? Have you negotiated for lower interest rates from bankers on that? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Yeah, we done that some of the banks have already reduced interest rates. And some of them 
are in the process of doing it but surely, we will get back mileage out 
 
Shivam Saxena   
 
Okay, and only on the last question on the industry site, do you think the industry shape is 
changing? It is going more structural in nature with E-commerce coming in Flexi packaging? You 
said it is a necessity. So do you think we have some more upgrade was a more cyclical industry 
now it is more of a structural change in the industry as per say. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think it's a good point what you're saying, we are also believing so but I think we need to stand 
the scrutiny of time before we can actually say that, you know, this is moving.  
 
Shivam Saxena   
 
Okay, Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Mann Ashar, an Individual Investor, please go 
ahead. 
 
 
Mann Ashar  

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
  
Hello Sir, and congratulations on your performance. Sir, first question is on client end addition 
side. From last three years, the client in addition has gone down. While for off the main business 
and for aseptic business it has gone up. And the reason behind it, can you please explain it? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think one of the reasons behind this was that, you know, the capacities were fully sold out. So 
they were they were not much, you know, sort of opportunity to add on more customers, because 
normally you will do that when your plants are idling and, you know, you will even take the smaller 
customers and all that. Aseptic packaging, as you said, yes, we’ve added many customers with 
our enhanced capacity. Now also coming into operation, we need more in fact, the order book 
there is overwhelming currently, on a month-to-month basis, we are not able to keep pace with 
the requirements, at least in this busy summer season, which is the peak season from the 
beverage perspective.  
 
But I think it's a good position to be in when your existing capacities are fully sold out. And you 
know, you don't have to add on customers by sacrificing your margins or giving them inaugural 
incentives to come and be part of your business. But I think over the so with our reach now, almost 
everybody and everybody in the world who is into the flexible packaging, business knows UFlex. 
And the advantage they also consider is that you know that the supply chain disruptions, at least 
we ensure that, you know, they'll get material from the other parts of the world to continue and 
maintain their commitment. We've done that successfully this year with you know, even our 
European and Nigerian facilities supplying to the efficient markets like US. So, we keep on sort of 
doing that. But your point that in the customer addition have been a little less in the last couple of 
years, it's only because you're fully sold out.  
 
Mann Ashar   
 
Okay. Sir, next question would be on the side of debt in last two or three pre-con call you said 
that the debt will be slightly above 3500 crores and from that, from there, it will be gradually coming 
down. So where do you see this debt going now? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
As I said that we are at about 4000 crores this year, net debt basis. And next year amortization is 
over at about 500 crores. So, I think we have more or less, you know, around that number, the 
new Capex that we announced this about 580 crores, assuming we raise about 400 crores of 
debts for that over the next couple of years, because that project takes about two years. And by 
the time another 1000 crore existing amortization would have brought your debt numbers to about 
3000 odd crores.  
 
Mann Ashar   
 
Okay, and sir my last question would be on the side of the total net worth. The reserves or I would 
say the revenue reserves are more than even the market capitalization of the company. So, are 
you willing to capitalize those results and to be committed? So, because it would be great from 
the market sentiment perspective. 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
We not considered this, but we'll take this back to any extends to ponder it over.  
 
Mann Ashar   
 
Okay, so thank you. And so the last suggestion would also be from my side that in case the 
dividend payout is very low. So, in the next coming years after the Capex is slightly lower than it 
would be great if the UFlex gives dividends at around 10 to 20% off the EPS. That's all from my 
side. Thank you. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Wonderful, well, thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. So the next question comes from Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund, please 
go ahead. 
 
Chirag Singhal   
 
Yeah, Thanks for the opportunity. Mr. Bhaita, Mr. Vinu and the entire team. Congratulations for 
another stellar quarter. Just 2, 3 questions. First, you mentioned so we have you mentioned about 
the listing of  Flex Middle East. So considering all the, you know, compliance and the timelines 
for the procedures, what is the you know, internal estimate by when are we expecting to list the 
Overseas subsidiary? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Or I think the where we are currently it should take, we should be in absolute readiness in the 
current quarter itself, to, you know, filing and all that, and then really depends on, you know, the 
regulators to approve, and then the market timing in terms of when to do this and all that. I think 
we get advice from our banker, but from our side readiness perspective, I think it should happen 
within this quarter.  
 
Chirag Singhal   
 
Okay. All right. Now, the next question is on the Asepto. You mentioned recently on the interview 
that, you know, we have reached 90% capital  utilization on the overall capacity, which is 7 billion 
packs. So, the traction that we're getting in terms of, you know, the faster ramp up, is this more 
domestic driven or you know, more.  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
It's both.   
 
 
 
 
Chirag Singhal   

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
Can you help with 70% domestic and 30% exports? And what was it likely in FY22? When we're  
running just one line?  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think we were running at those numbers only. I don't have those right now. But we can share 
that with you later. But I think that all around. 
 
Chirag Singhal   
 
Okay, the 30% only full capacity, which is 7 billion packs. Roughly you are saying. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Yeah.  
 
Chirag Singhal   
 
Okay. And sir coming to the EBITDA. So what kind of, you know, incremental, EBITDA, can we 
expect, as you already reached close to 100% for Asepto ? What kind of incremental EBITDA can 
we expect for FY23? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
We are not sharing the business wise, you know, sort of EBITDA numbers for this. But generally, 
we've given guidance earlier that in this particular segment, you know, the margins are between 
18 to 22%.  
 
Chirag Singhal   
 
Oh, okay. No, I understand that. Okay. I'll get back in the queue. If there is any further questions? 
Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Shubham Agarwal from Aequitas. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Shubham Agarwal   
 
Yeah, thank you for giving me the opportunity. Most of my questions are already answered just I 
had one question. So we have one line in Russia and two more line in Eastern Europe. So given 
the current geopolitical situation, how are business there and doing. Do we see any headwinds? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Russia business is so the other business in Eastern Europe is Europe centric mainly. So that is, 
there is no effect there. Russia business was again for the domestic Russian market and other 
CIS markets and very small percentage it was Ukraine. But with the Russia getting sanctions now 

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
a lot of things, which were a lot of raw materials were which was available in Russia, which was 
being exported to Europe. Now that is available locally. So earlier, we were not 100% dependent 
on Russian raw material availability. And we had to source the raw material from either from China 
or from other places. But now, we are getting almost our 100% raw material ability within Russia 
only. So that's the positive.  
 
The second positive is that, you know, a lot of you know, imports happening into Russia. For the 
flexible, like, you know, earlier, we were, before we set up this plant, we were exporting into Russia 
from our Middle East facility. So, a lot of exports, which were happening into Russia they stopped 
now. So the local demand is, you know, sort of pretty robust. So, there have been only a positive 
impact on the Russia business, per say. That's what I can share currently. And Hungary and 
Poland operations are absolutely unaffected because of any of any of US. Yes, there was some 
raw materials, which we were getting in Hungary, from Russia, which we now have to reorient 
from some of the other destinations, which has already been done. 
 
Subham Agarwal   
 
Will this impact margin s in Eastern Europe? Because of  RM, will be able to pass it on completely?  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
No, I think we are the markets are very robust, you know, and all the raw material margins are 
being passed on to the customers. ASAP. 
 
Subham Agarwal   
 
Okay, so just one question. So, because our presence in Russia, do you think this will have any 
implication in listing in Dubai or anything like that? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think we are quite close to that situation. So if there is a requirement to re-orient the business to, 
you know, disintegrate Russia, from the overall mainstream, we can even think of doing that. But 
I think that will happen more closer to when you are, you know, more closer to the event rather 
than today and as to how the things pan out, you know, in terms of the war and so we quite agile 
to that situation. And if there's a requirement, we can disintegrate Russia, from the Middle East. 
 
Subham Agarwal   
 
Okay got it. Secondly, just more on the demand and supply situation. So, as per industry sources, 
we believe that a lot of BOPET line are expected to come up over the next 18 months. So what's 
your sense, how many lines are coming up? And how do we see the lines getting absorbed in the 
market? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So, I think the number of lines coming up in Europe, in the major markets in US or Europe are 
quite manageable. So they will not affect demand supply equilibrium at all in the markets. We are 
we don't see that you know, any irrational capacity which is coming our way to disturb the 
equilibrium as of now. So we pretty confident of you know, not having any major issues in any of 
the markets.  

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
Subham Agarwal   
 
So that's nice to hear. And thank you again for giving me the opportunity. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Saurabh Sharma an Individual Investor. 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Hello Bhatia ji and Congratulations to the entire UFlex team for finally, getting to the 1000 crore 
number which was slightly in doubt, at least in my mind at the middle of this year. So, you know, 
job well done on that. My first question is about the rising interest costs and depreciation quarter 
on quarter, which is March 22 over December 21, despite no significant Capex being 
commissioned. So, could you please comment on that? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Just one second. Can we get back to you offline on this? 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
No problem, sir. So, should I email someone? 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Okay, I don't have the email address, sir. What email address should I write to, sir? 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
You may send it to Investor Relations.  
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Okay. Alright, I will do that. Second question is, so, the expansion of Asepto. And this additional 
Dharwad expansion and UAE expansion that is happening in percentage terms of the existing 
capacity is going to be relatively insignificant, right, because Asepto, as per is always going to be 
around 600 crores top line, if raw materials go high probably it will be little higher, and again, the 
Dharwad expansion with some 60,000 odd. So, that is 10% of revenue or 10% of current capacity. 
So, what I wanted to understand is where is the next growth going to come from in terms of, you 
know, a significant meaningful growth is going to come from because you know, comparing 
ourselves comparing UFlex to Chief Global Competitors, let's say Huhtamaki were into 
foodservice quite big time.  
 
And in India, we I do not know of any organized player in the food service market, especially 
because it is a sustainable paper-based packaging also, you know, it is recyclable, and it is paper 
based. So, I wanted to understand this, whether the company has any plans to get into this food 
service packaging, because that's clearly up and coming and the Huhtamaki already has a certain 
example in this field globally at least.  

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
no, we don't have any plans currently to get into any of these, I think they will remain close to our 
business, which is aseptic packaging, flexible packaging, and the packaging failed. Aseptic 
packaging today provides a positive scenario insofar as the margin and the growth of the business 
is concerned. So, it's not only the India market, but we are supplying globally for this, the 
packaging films market already we know, the third market, which is the flexible packaging market, 
you've seen that we've not done any capex there in the last few years given that market is still in 
a consolidation phase.  
 
But you know, India and globally that market is absolutely different. And while you know, the 
foreign, the US and the European markets, and other mature markets during the pandemic period, 
had a great show in terms of their performance in the flexible packaging. Unfortunately, India 
remains a different story at this point in time and in this market. So that is where you see that 
there are no new investments being made, and neither there are on any plan. So I think currently 
what we have on the table is aseptic packaging what we have, you know, double then PET plants 
and one PET chip facility. And then your margins will improve with the raw material, availability. 
But apart from that, you don't have any other, you know, visibility. 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
But this PET chips plan that the company has decided to put up, I'm sure you would have seen 
over the past year or so. These integrated companies have actually been making almost 0% 
margin or margins on the PET chips because the PET’s chips prices, they haven't increased as 
much as the PTA and MEG prices. So what is the thinking behind getting into PET checks at this 
juncture when the PET checks are running zero and understand this margin reasoning, it also I 
understand,  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I think, those times are gone. Today If I look at conservatively also, this project gives you close to 
about 19% IRR Project. This not only gives you know, your margin protection, but it also gives 
you your security also from the raw material.  
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Security is of course understood. My only contention was with the margin accretion margin 
accretive component and even the least latest quarter results you would have seen it's been an 
earnings zero. PET chips have been running zero and you are of course much more aware of 
prices of PET chips in the markets versus PTA and MEG, the prices of PTA and MEG have 
actually gone up much more than PET chips. 
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
I think that those markets have evolved. And there is there are much higher margins for the 
converters from PTA to the pet chips now. You look at some of the top suppliers in the world their 
results for that situation is quite different.  
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Alright, okay. My second question. 
 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Thank you, yes. So, my second question is about the preference share interest that has been 
recognized all at once in the March quarter. This would be the U-Tech developers montage 
enterprises transaction, correct.  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Yeah, yes.   
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Yes. So what is the reason for all at once for recognizing those interest all at once instead of 
quarterly.  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
So, we thought that let the physical payment be there. Okay. 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
So, montage is also sold off. It's taken U-Tech in the September quarter. As clear in the 
shareholding pattern. So what is the real nature of relationship between montage and UFlex? Are 
the related parties? Of course, not legally because. 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
I have no knowledge of that. Because once we sold off our business, whatever the buyer does, it 
is there is just a trade relationship between the two organizations. 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Right. And sir one last request, if the AGM can be held physically and if Mr. Chaturvedi, the CMD. 
Sir, if he can be present, I mean, it's just a request to the board because it's already been two 
years that no physical AGM has been held. And it would be great to hear the board's point of 
views as well as CMD Sirs,  
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
I'll take it back without any commitments view.  
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
It hasn't been decided yet. Whether it will be a physical or an online conference, AGM 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Depends on COVID. We'll call 
 
Saurabh Sharma   
 
Great,sir. So that's my request. I'll come back in queue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. That will be the last question for the day. I now like to handle the flow to the 
management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rajesh Bhatia   
 
Thank you, gentlemen. For you know, allowing us an opportunity to present ourselves to the best 
of our abilities, these try to answer all your questions, adding just one question which needs to be 
answered, which we will revert to Mr. Sharma and for giving us guidance on certain issues as 
well. I'll be happy to take it back to the management and if there is, you know, obviously certain 
things make sense, certain things you know, the management's perspective may be different but 
I'm always happy to take those ideas back to the management and discuss and see that you know 
as to where we can have opportunities for increasing the shareholder value.  
 
We are already planned listing of our offshore subsidiary for which work is on and I'm sure that 
you know that the big differentiation in the valuation UFlex as and when that happens, but, you 
know you all know, that all these things are you know depending on the market depending on 
other things and all that they are all best effort basis and efforts are that you know, if you can raise 
capital and you can you know create a different valuation metrics of and what we see today. 
shareholders all, I think the other idea which was also looking at separate listing for the aseptic 
packaging business, then this becomes a business can also put across to the management. 
Thank you, gentleman, thanks for being part of the conversation and discussion. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir So, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. Thank 
you for your participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may all 
disconnect your lines now. Thanks, and have a good evening, everyone. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
- 
Transcript – Q4FY22 Earnings Call of UFlex Ltd  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________________________________________________________ 
                 Note:    1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                              2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
 
