June 3,2022
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051.
,r?----
Rainb-6w'
Children's
Hospital
It takes a lof to treat the litUe.
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001,
3
BirthRight"
BY RAINBOW HOSPITALS
Y"r, R,Sht t". 5"f. D"ttr*y
Sub: Financia! Results Webcast Transcript for Q4 &Fy22
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement)
Regulations 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Webcast Transcript of the
Company for Q4 &FY22.
We request you to kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
Encl.: As above
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited
For Rainbow Chlldren's Medicare Limlted
11
ar,/V
tvl
\r
Ashish Kapil
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer ffi
Registered Office: 8-2-120110311, Survey No. 403, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana - 5OOO34
Corporate Office: 8-2-19/1/a, Daulet Arcade, Karvy lane, Road No.1 'l , Eanjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana - 5OOO34
Hyderabad: Baniara Hills -O4O22334455 | Secunderabad - 040 42462200 | Kondapur lP- O4O 42462400 |
Kondapur OP-040 42462100 | Hyder Nagar- 04042452300 | L B Nasar- O4O 71111333
Vijayawada: Currency Nagar - 0866 6659666 | Governorpet - 0866 5650250 | Chennai: Guindy - 044 40122444
Bengaluru: Marathahalli-08O71112345 | BannerghattaRoad-08025512345 | Hebbat-08O35061555
Delhi: 
Malviva Nagar - OI 1 66888866 | Visakhapatnam: Health City, Chinagadili - 0891 3501601 | Siripuram - 0891 3501555
CIN: U851 1 0TG1 998P1C02991 4
info@rainbowhospitals. in
www. rainbowhospitals. in

 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited 
Q4 & FY22 Results Webcast 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Webcast Duration 
• 
1 hour and 30 minutes 
Management Speakers 
• 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla – Chairman and Managing Director 
• 
Mr. R. Gowrisankar – Chief Financial Officer  
• 
Mr. Saurabh Bhandari – General Manager (Business Analyst) 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Vivek Gautam from GS Investments 
• 
Rahul Jeewani, IIFL 
• 
Pritesh Chheda, Lucky Securities 
• 
Ranvir Singh, Sunidhi Securities  
• 
Janak Lotwala, Individual Investor 
• 
Alankar Garude, Kotak Institutional Equities 
• 
Ayush Pansari, Allegro Capital  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Welcome to the maiden earnings webcast of Rainbow Children's Medicare 
Limited to discuss financial performance for fourth quarter and year ended 
March 31st, 2022. We have with us today Dr. Ramesh Kancharla – Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. R. Gowrisankar – CFO and Mr. Saurabh Bhandari 
– Business Analyst. 
Kindly note that during the question-and-answer session participants seeking 
to ask the question are requested to click on the audio question button 
appearing at the bottom of your screen. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks 
and certainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available on the Q4 and 
FY22 results presentation that has been sent to you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Dr. Ramesh to make his opening comments. Over to 
you sir. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
A very good morning to all the analysts and investors and welcome to 
Rainbow’s the Analyst Call today. I'm Dr. Ramesh Kancharla, the Founding 
Promoter of Rainbow Children's Hospital Group. I'm here today to present our 
story. I think it's important to present our story because this is very 
differentiated healthcare model and what we have been doing last 20 years to 
build this incredible healthcare model. I would like to take you through to make 
you understand that the differentiated model of our Children’s Health Care for 
today. 
I'm a Pediatrician. I went to UK for 8 years’ time. I did my specialty in the City 
of London in 
Pediatric, Gastroenterology, liver disease and liver 
transplantation. I happened to work in one of the world's best children's 
hospitals called Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital and the King's 
College Hospital, London. So, that's where I developed a deep understanding 
of children's healthcare and also how bigger it could be. With that deep 
understanding and I have come back to Hyderabad and saw an opportunity to 
do a Children's hospital and along with me a few other colleagues joined me 
to, kind of, strengthen my shoulders. 
The children's hospital is a very differentiated healthcare model because it 
requires a theme concept. And also, it's a child focus environment and also 
infrastructure is required. That's all about children's hospitals. But over the last 
20 years’ time we have matured this concept and built today Rainbow as  
India’s largest Pediatric Healthcare chain with 1,500 beds, 14 hospitals in 6 
cities.  

 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
Our core offerings are Pediatrics, Neonatal Intensive Care, Pediatric Intensive 
Care, Pediatric multi-specialty services, Pediatric Quaternary care including 
organ transplantation. Birthright by Rainbow is an integrated with Obstetrics 
vertical and within the children's hospitals. It offers a complex and high-risk 
pregnancy care, normal pregnancy care, multi-disciplinary fetal care and 
perinatal genetics and fertility care. 
In the year 2022 we have seen about 8,40,000 out-patients and a well over 
66,000 in-patients. One-sixth of them have been admitted in intensive care 
services for both newborn and children's intensive care and treated 
successfully. We have about 640 full time doctors. We deliver about 12,600 
babies annually across our hospitals. 
One of our standalone fertility centers has been accredited for JCI recently. 6 
of our hospitals been NABH accredited and 2 of them are in the process. 3 of 
our hospitals are EDGE certified hospitals for our ESG initiatives.  
The unique operating model consists of a focused child centric health care 
network which includes the complete suite of Pediatrics and Perinatal services. 
The children's healthcare requires some multidisciplinary approach. This is 
how it's been built, 100 years ago first hospital in Paris that recognized the child 
centric approach is the essence of children's hospitals. Worldwide children's 
hospitals were built on multidisciplinary approach and we have taken a similar 
approach and built with our teamwork and working together to have better 
outcomes for sicker children. 
Hub and spoke model has been a very successful for the wider city coverage. 
It's a most suitable for Pediatric healthcare as well as Obstetrics because when 
you are in large city it requires a hub and spoke model to deliver the care 
across the city. The doctor engagement model is very unique for children's 
hospitals. Most of the doctors are full-time to deliver 24x7 consultant led 
service. With these deliverables, we were able to kind of deliver best-in-class 
financials, high on governance and we have strong focus on ESG initiatives. 
So, Pediatrics has got a large addressable market. All our hospitals are very 
child centric and we particularly focus on the environment within the children's 
hospitals. We have very child friendly doctors and paramedics, and we create 
concepts for like an out-patient department, for concept designs and there are 
enough child play areas for out-patients as well as in-patients. Even for in-
patients, our wards and other areas are very congenial. These are all very 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
important factors for children who are ailing from serious illnesses. It helps 
them in recovery process.  
So, what we believed in is that Obstetrics is a very synergistic to Pediatrics and 
childbirth is always safer in children's hospital because it's a larger network. 
We have seen these synergies and have built up a very robust Perinatal 
services within the Rainbow network and integrated within the children's 
hospital. All our Obstetrics team, majority of them are full-time, exclusively 
practice at Rainbow and there is a 24x7 coverage with Obstetricians along with 
the anesthesia to cover intensive care for maternity intensive care services. 
When you have a such a strong of Pediatric forte of level 3-level 4 Neonatal 
intensive care services and also of Pediatric multi-specialty program, we can 
address the problems much better during the pregnancy, at the time of birth, 
even post-delivery any problems of newborns will get addressed. . The whole 
system is very synergistic, complimentary and seamless. 
On this concept we were able to kind of nurture and also grow in the last 4-5 
years about 25% CAGR of our obstetrics. So, there is lot of nativity within the 
Obstetrician and Pediatrics, so therefore all the babies who are delivered with 
us comes back into our Pediatric systems. This has been successfully going 
on. We have established Obstetrics in all the Pediatric hospitals wherever we 
are, both in hub as well as the spoke. So, what do we offer in the Pediatrics? 
We offer a complete spectrum of Pediatrics. Right from the primary care to the 
secondary care like out-patient departments and vaccinations and seasonal 
illnesses. Our intensive care services are very-very large. Like the 50 beds to 
newborn intensive care which are level 4 in the hubs, about 12 to 15 bed NICUs 
in the spokes. We have all the facilities in the hub hospital like any multi-
specialty intensive care services for children whatever is required for them, like 
advanced ventilatory technique and also the neuro critical care facilities and 
the CRTs and ECMO services, plasmapheresis services, all these things are 
very-very 
important 
to 
support 
the 
Pediatric  
multi-specialties. For example children coming with Coma, children coming 
with the liver failure, children coming with multi-organ failures. All of them 
actually are addressed very effectively and competently in our intensive care 
networks. We also support organ transplantation services from the intensive 
care background for children who get transplantations within the Rainbow 
network. One third of our beds are allocated to intensive care services in the 
Rainbow network.  

 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
Hub-and-spoke model – This is something which we have evolved over a 
period of time. When we started doing well in Hyderabad city, we saw a lot of 
requests coming from the end parents about not able to reach in time and also 
emergencies to address. So, we decided to do the spokes around the fast-
growing areas of the city. Over a period of time what we have seen is this 
model is probably the way forward for children's healthcare to address in large 
Indian cities. The hubs are typically about 200 to 250 bed hospitals and the 
spokes about 50 to 75 beds. The hub hospitals will have the large Intensive 
Care services, Pediatric multi-specialty services and Quaternary care services 
especially in Hyderabad. We have a transport service from the hub hospital 
and the high-risk pregnancy unit with the complete spectrum of Obstetrics care. 
So, whereas the spokes provides emergency services dominantly both from 
Maternal and Pediatrics and a very large out-patient services, level 2  Pediatric 
Intensive care and level 3 in NICU care and the complete spectrum of 
Obstetrics care. Any complexity arises from the spokes will get referred to the 
hub, from the hubs our specialist doctors like Neurologists and Nephrologists 
go over to the spokes on a weekly basis to do the outreach clinics. 
This whole system is so synergistic and complementary. It has given us a huge 
brand recognition and also a brand-building for Rainbow. Very similar to the 
cities hub and spoke, when we look at our presence in south India very 
dominantly, at Hyderabad we have been in operational more than two 
decades, in Vijayawada we've been operating for the last 15 years time and 
Bangalore 6 years time, Chennai 3 years time, Rainbow is almost like 
household name in the Telugu states and the neighborhoods of Bangalore and 
Chennai. It gives us an advantage. We already do a transport service, 
connecting up to 200 kilometers,  picking of the babies and children from our 
hubs. Therefore, we are very familiar with regional district areas of these cities, 
surrounding these hubs. 
We see opportunities to do the regional spokes which are between Hyderabad, 
Chennai and Bangalore. That would actually add very large network of patients 
into the Rainbow network for pediatrics, pediatric emergencies, specialties as 
well as obstetrics patients. That's what we envisage in future to strengthen our 
network across the Southern cities. 
I would like to present our hub hospital in Hyderabad city. How mature it is, this 
is about 250 bed children's hospital. That we moved into this new facility about 
4 years ago, in 2018. And that’s because we were running out of space in the 
previous hub and we were not able to accommodate more services so we have 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
moved to this  brand-new facility. Here we have a complete spectrum of 
pediatric specialty i.e. 25 specialties as well as the highest level of Obstetric 
care, maternity ICUs. We have seen  about 1,78,000 out-patients last year and 
15,000 admissions across all the specialties. 
We have matured intensive care services here with level 4 60 beds newborn 
intensive care, and Pediatric multidisciplinary pediatric intensive care unit with 
about 30 beds, 7 bedded Maternity intensive care and all the matured pediatric 
subspecialties. We also undertake organ transplantation in this  Center for the 
Pediatric Liver Transplantation, Renal Transplantation as well as the Bone 
Marrow Transplantation. From this hub we actually do a transport service going 
up to 250 kilometers by road, picking up children all over Telangana and some 
parts of Andhra Pradesh, we go up to kind of nearby district in Nanded, 
Maharashtra and also northern Karnataka.. We do about  700 transports a year 
from this hospital and we have a matured academic program here for the DNB 
pediatrics as well as the fellowship programs. 
You can compare this well-matured hospital with the United States hospitals 
like Cincinnati Children’s Hospital or Detroit Children’s Hospital. So, both in 
terms of the ability to kind of do all the services as well as the results. Pediatric 
Cardiac Institute - This is situated in Hyderabad, very close vicinity to our hub 
hospital. This used to be our previous hub and we converted this has a 
Pediatric Heart Institute. We are fortunate to have a very reputed cardiology 
and cardio thoracic team that joined us about 2 1/2  years ago. With a 
reputation of Rainbow as well as the doctors, we were able to kind of do a very 
large number of Pediatric cardiac surgeries and cardiac catheterizations in the 
last 2.5 years’ time. We've seen about 23,000+ cardiac outpatients and 
performed over 1000 cardiac operations for children and close to 1,000 
pediatric cardiac catheterization procedures. . 
We also run a very unique program from this center which is called the Fetal 
Echocardiogram Program. This is to detect the cardiac anomalies in 
pregnancies. We not only offer this service for our hospitals; we offer this  
service across Hyderabad city. This hospital achieved  EBITDA breakeven in 
the first year of operation because of good number of patients foot fall and we 
have invested very minium  CAPEX  
Doctor engagement model is very unique and also, we take the institution first 
approach. This is very important for children's hospital. We always keep the 
institution first approach because we feel that the patient belongs to our 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
hospital and not to any single doctor and care is delivered by doctors as a team 
rather than a single doctor.. We have 640 full-time doctors with large number 
of our senior specialist doctors, very similar to my background. They've been 
trained pediatricians and they went across developed countries like UK, USA, 
and Canada, Australia and done with the specialties or intensive care services 
and came back and joined us. 
Why do they join us? Because we were able to build up the hospital very similar 
to the Western setup. So, people get attracted to come to us. Also, we give a 
retainer to these doctors first two to three years for them to have a better 
financial support. Once they start actually building themselves they share 
professional fees among the team. It's a very competitive compensation what 
we offer to our doctors, so overall 24% of the revenue goes to the doctors and 
that's how I ensured being a Doctor Promoter. So, there's opportunities for 
them to grow and also, both professionally, clinically as well as the 
academically. We run a large, perhaps the largest pediatric training program in 
the private sector in the country, At any given time we have a 200 people who 
are in training for the pediatric residency program as well as the pediatric 
fellowship programs like intensive care fellowship programs from the National 
Board of Examinations as well as the Speciality fellowship programs. We are 
also the examination center for the United Kingdom MRCPCH and regularly 
they conduct examination with us. 
With two decades of pioneering work, I think the doctors who come into our 
network, start doing very well because of the network effect and the brand 
image. 
As per CRISIL, market for Pediatrics, opportunities are significantly 
underpenetrated. There is a kind of a positive side of it is that there is a growing 
middle class and the nuclear families, especially there is a huge nuclearization 
of the Indian families and also as per the  present data people would like to 
have one child or two children. That's increased the focus on children's 
wellbeing and also healthcare needs and this population has got higher 
awareness of health as well as the higher health insurance penetration. This 
macroeconomic tailwind leading to the large addressable market for the 
Pediatrics and Obstetrics. In 2020 it's about $18.5 billion for the overall 
pediatric and obstetric market and private healthcare market was about $10.4 
billion for Pediatric and Obstetrics which is growing by 2026 to $36 billion of 
which a private market is doubling to $22.3 billion with the Pediatrics segment 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
growing at 14% and obstetrics segment is growing at 12%. This provides  huge 
opportunity for a well bult out model like Rainbow across the 6 cities. 
I would like Mr. Gowrisankar our CFO to take you through the financial 
presentation.  
R. Gowrisankar: 
Thank you sir. Once again welcome you all. Very good morning. So, couple of 
slides on the financials and key metrices. We have seen a best year in FY22. 
We have about 1,500 capacity beds in FY22 and also we have added about 
187 beds in FY 21. Basically, we chose a city and then we just expand vertically 
and horizontally, so basically we build the hub and then we build specialties in 
the hub and then we spread across the city through spokes. In FY22 we have 
seen about 66,082 in-patients which is about 30% growth over FY21. And we 
have seen about 8,40,000 OP patients, this is again about 35% growth over 
FY21. 
Our occupancy remained at 44.59%, it is the blended occupancy for the year 
FY22. Our ARPOB is at 45,711 and our ALOS is 2.83. Our model is such that 
we always have a low ALOS and it helps us to have a better ARPOB and better 
through-put of patients. 
The consolidated revenue for FY22 stood at Rs. 9,738 million, we have grown 
about 50% over FY21 and our EBITDA is Rs. 3,049 million which is about 32% 
of the revenue and we have grown about 87% over FY21. Our PAT stood at 
Rs. 1,387 million which is again 15% of the revenue and we have grown by 
250%. Our ROCE as well as ROE are at 23% and 26.3% respectively, which 
is best in the industry. For the quarter ended March ‘22, we have grown by 
30% over Q4F Y21 and our EBITDA has grown by 49%. It's about Rs. 481 
million and our PAT has grown by over 1000% about Rs. 123 million. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, the governance wise, the CDC which is a UK-based financial institution, 
used to be an investor with us for last 9 years’ time. We were kind of pretty 
strong on the governance wise. The Board of Directors currently are along with 
me, my colleague, Dr. Dinesh Kumar Chirla, who is in the promoter group 
Whole-Time Director. He has helped me in doctor recruitments as well as 
manage the concept of teamwork. Mr. Aluri Srinivasa Rao who is ex-Morgan 
Stanley, who is an Independent Director. Professor Anil Dhawan who is a 
director of pediatric services  at King’s College Hospital, who was my colleague 
when I was in London. So, he helps me a lot to get connected to across other 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
countries. Mr. Shantanu Mukherjee is ex-SBH MD, Mrs. Sundari Pisupati, 
Independent Director. She used to work in Sidley Austin and she led Tempus 
Law Associates. She is on our board. So, two of our committees are audit 
committee and remuneration committee are 100% independent.  
The ESG has been one of the strong focus areas for Rainbow. CDC is on the 
board has really helped us as well. We've always been kind of a proactive, right 
in the project stage to implement the ESG schedules, like energy efficiency, 
minimizing greenhouse gas emissions and the water conservation. So, there's 
some backup slides. That's what we were able to kind of achieve it in the last 
2 years. Three of our hospitals been EDGE certified because of ESG initiatives.  
The CSR activities: When you look at the diversity that being a woman and 
children's hospital, we are a woman dominant organization and we spend our 
CSR money on skill development and children’s initiatives.  
So, moving forward what is actually the growth story for Rainbow? This is 
something more important for all of you and the hub and spoke model has been 
so successful. In Hyderabad we've got about 700 beds now, probably the next 
couple of years is going to be 1,000 beds in Hyderabad city, adding two more 
spokes and it's tracking very well in Bangalore, and we have about one hub 
and two spokes. They're going to be up two more spokes in next 3 years’ time. 
We want to take a similar approach in Chennai as well as in National Capital 
Region. 
We are to going to expand in the areas where we are already doing very well 
and where we are already kind of a brand in present. We will be able to kind of 
expand spoke hospitals and mature hubs fairly quickly. This is what our 
approach is, scaling up our Pediatric tertiary, quaternary care. Like we want to 
bring the Bangalore, Chennai and New Delhi to that level of Hyderabad in 
terms offering the multi-specialties as well as moving towards to offer 
quaternary care services. This is what is in the plan for next 3 years’ time to 
mature our hub hospitals to the tertiary quaternary cares.  
The focus on birth right has done so well. I think this differentiated approach 
model really helped us actually to grow to address the high-risk pregnancies 
because we being a children's hospital. Also, we see a lot of patients getting 
referred for us from the districts as well. We are not only city-based hospital, 
lot of high risk  pregnancies  get referred to us. We also want to focus more on 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
the birthing experience as well as modern offerings going forward in the 
spokes. 
The focus on training has always been our one of our main forte because that's 
going to give us a strength as a hospital to middle grade cover and also 
nurturing younger doctors really helps us because they are growing faster in 
the city so we do recruit significant number of them back into our own system. 
Geographic expansion: As I earlier mentioned that regional spokes between 
the Southern cities like Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai and we are going 
to expand the regional spokes in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu to connect 
these cities to have a better network effect.  
We are also exploring the north east. Why do we explore north east, north east 
is something which is kind of a place very localized and not much of Pediatric 
care facilities. So, there are  lot of children coming across the country to right 
up to Chennai and Bangalore and New Delhi for the children's surgeries and 
speciality treatments. What we believe is that have a kind of center growing 
over a period of time as a children's multi-specialty hospital in Northeast. That 
will act as a kind of a gateway for us to kind of get patients for cardiac and a 
bone marrow transplants as well as quaternary care patients. That's something 
which are envisaging. I think one of the multi-specialty hospitals has taken this 
view. They have been very successful with that.  
Digital Health Care: We have actually one of the first hospitals, about 6 years 
ago we have started our HIS and SAP and then HR platforms, we hosted on 
the Cloud through the data center. Our HIS now I think what we have 
experienced in the pandemic time is that lot of consultations have come outside 
our networks including the Indian neighborhood countries for the pediatric 
specialty consultations. We are at the moment work in progress for developing 
the state-of-the-art digital apps for the Rainbow Children’s Application and also 
patient apps with AI powered chatbots to have better engagement and the 
experience. We are in the process of ramping our HIS system to offer bedside 
EMR and also exploring virtual ICU management for future. 
Mergers & Acquisitions: We are open about it and if there is any scalable and 
also philosophically aligned  healthcare models are available, we are open to 
look at them. So, children's healthcare is generally very organic in nature. If 
there is something available which is where we can add scale as well as 
implement our philosophy, we'll be happy look at M&As.  

 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
To conclude that it's a (+20) years of team work and with the great deliverables 
we are medically respected across the country and as well as we have 
demonstrated that financial viabilities of children's hospital in India. I think there 
is a huge opportunity for children's healthcare but it's an organic model and 
entry barriers are high but the, having built in six cities I think for us expanding 
it to further in each city is not going to be much difficult for us but it takes a lot 
to treat the little ones. It's a very wonderful journey, what we have in building 
the Children’s Health Care and what we're able to contribute to the country. 
Thank you very much. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
We're done with the presentation and we are open to take questions.  
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Thank you very much for all the analysts and investors for attending this 
webcast and thank you for your attention and also if there are any questions or 
anything, please reach us out to, it's given to you, our CFO email ID and also 
telephone numbers. And FY23 we expect going to be  be a normal year and I 
mean we have done well in FY22 but it's a very bouncy pitch. The current year 
seems to kind of looking fairly straightforward and we can kind of fire all the 
cylinders and expect to do well this year so this will be a more predictable year. 
That's what we are envisaging. So, thank you very much. We are open to 
questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS 
Investment.  
Vivek Gautam: 
I wish CDC got a very good exit from the IPO at a very good price unfortunately 
most of the retail investors and even the HNIs who invested with the new 
allotment norms of (+10) lakhs application are sitting on big loss. I wish the 
lead managers could have been considerate enough to leave something on 
the table for the large number of investors invested for the first time and sitting 
on loss. By when we can hope to recoup at least the IPO price, number one. 
Number two how scalable is this business model and hospital scalability is the 
concern many are having and because of which the growth factor in hospital is 
sort of less and our CAPEX utilization over last many years has not crossed 
50% overall. Delhi side also the operation I think we are still in loss. By when 
we can hope for turnaround. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Mr. Gautam thank you very much. I empathize with the people who have not 
able to make something. See the valuation and those things been actually 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
BRLM  have come back to us and also after discussing with the investors, on 
the anchor investors which was probably are not entirely my decision and the 
intent was not anything negative. So, we hope to contribute, create wealth for 
the investors in future. In terms of this the scalability of this model yes, it is 
highly scalable but what it requires is the patience. But children's healthcare 
cannot be aggregated. You build a hospital, get 10 doctors and start building it 
up. That's not going to happen because it is a, we deal with the digitally native 
patients, number one. Number two they know where they are going, why they 
are going. Second is that the in terms of need and necessity of Children’s 
Health Care is huge. For example, in Hyderabad city that we are about 700 
beds in currently now and I think our estimates be about we require 1,000 beds 
in next couple of years’ time. We are continuing to grow. It is tracking well in 
Bangalore. So, currently we are in Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai and New 
Delhi. So, we plan to expand about the next for 5 years’ time about 1,000 beds. 
The most of these beds are going to be almost 75% of the beds are going to 
be in this network to building the spokes and strengthening the hubs. We are 
not going to do anything challenging. If we look back our past for the last 5-6 
years’ time we have gone to Bangalore, Chennai and New Delhi. So, we 
continue to maintain our profitability all along our expansions. Moving forward 
that the way we kind of going to expand and the spokes, typically the spokes 
would not take a long time to a break even. So, I'm sure it’s going to be a much 
more comfortable ride for Rainbow, the next 3-years’ time, adding more 
spokes.  
Vivek Gautam: 
Utilization level, bed utilization can you please tell how much it expects to go 
up to? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
In terms of utilization, we as a children’s hospital and also perinatal services, 
we are dominantly dependent on the private insurance and the cash. Very less 
government programs we do, which is why we breakeven at the lower 
occupancies, our occupancies about in a steady state in the normal year was 
about 56% in 2020. We expect to go, cross over 50% this year in a blended 
occupancy. One of the things is that we kind our occupancy levels, we have 
very differentiated areas. For example, almost 20% of our beds are newborn 
intensive care beds. We can't accommodate any other patients in that. We will 
aim with the pediatric intensive care, so in a mature state like in Hyderabad 
where we can we reach up to 70%-72% of occupancies. So, when we do about 
55% of occupancies we do extremely very high revenue as well as profitability. 
That's how trajectory we are looking at it.  

 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
You indicated that FY23 will largely be a normal year for the business. But if 
we look at our IP and OP volumes in FY22 those are still trending below pre-
COVID levels. What kind of a normalization or bounce back are you expecting 
both on the IP and OP volumes side in this year and FY23? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Normally before pandemic we were growing about 20% year-on-year both 
OPDs and IPDs. The FY2021 was complete pandemic year and 2022 is 
complete, but continued to see the pandemic haunting. But it is a kind of with 
periods of recovery. It was not a completely normal year. So, what happened 
with the pediatric health care across the country, across the world, pediatric 
health care has taken a huge hit because COVID is not a disease for children. 
Although some children had some complications of a post-COVID but it's not 
very significant. So, therefore, because the children were not vaccinated, no 
schools throughout the year, so all these factors were actually depressed the 
pediatric business. What we have done is more of a complexity work in the last 
1-year time, we've done lots of intensive care work, lots of obstetrics work, high 
risk pregnancies. We have done a quaternary care work like transplant work 
we have done. Those are the ones which are actually been yielded better 
revenues for us. Coming to the ‘23 normal year I think we would expect to grow 
what we used to traditionally grow and I'm sure we would kind of a clock much 
bigger outpatient footfalls this year and also our admissions are going to go,  
we will probably have a little bit of more uptick than what it used to be in the 
past. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
On the ARPOB side if we see, you said that over the past 1-year period, we 
have done some sort of a higher complex or high-end work which has aided 
our business and then last year we would have also benefited on the 
vaccination side. What is our normalized ARPOB for FY22 excluding the 
vaccination business and what kind of an ARPOB growth are you expecting 
over the next 2-to-3-year period? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
That's correct Mr. Jeewani. See we done vaccination so the ARPOB for us in 
the 2020 is about Rs. 40,000, last year is about Rs. 46,000. What is sustainable 
ARPOB for us is about Rs. 43,000 to Rs. 44,000, this is sustainable. That Rs. 
2,000 additional ARPOB  was because of COVID vaccinations. It has come 
and is sitting on the OPD revenue. So, which is why you see what is 
sustainable for us is Rs. 43,000 to Rs. 44,000 is sustainable ARPOB for our 
business. 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
R. Gowrisankar: 
So, to add to that Rahul we are growing at about around 7% to 8% year-on-
year actually. There is a, it’s because of the case mix as well as the price 
growth actually, average price growth.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, on this Rs. 43,000-44,000 kind of a base ARPOB, would you expect a 
similar 7% to 8% increase in FY23 as well?  
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, it will. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, and just last question from my end before I join back the queue. You 
talked about your expansion plans of adding 1,000 beds over the next 5-year 
period. But if you can also talk about in terms of what kind of an incremental 
capacity you are looking to add over the next 3-year period, which markets will 
it be and what kind of a CAPEX will you incur for adding these incremental 
capacities? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Next 3 year’s we are going to add about 500 beds and CAPEX for the beds for 
us is about, we fit asset light model the either Greenfield asset light model or 
asset heavy which is you own the land and build yourself. Asset light model it’s 
about for hub hospital costs about Rs. 60 lakh per bed, where the land and 
building belongs to the developers and we do the interiors and medical CAPEX 
and those things and run it. We engaged them with 20 plus-10 years of a long-
term registered lease. That’s how we are looking at it. Spokes would cost about 
Rs. 50 lakhs per bed. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
To add to that Rahul we are expanding in the existing location. Basically, next 
3 years we are going to add about 500 beds. So, in Hyderabad, Chennai, 
Bangalore and Delhi so these are all the locations and mostly they'll be like 
spokes only. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, all these incremental 500 beds over the next 3-year period will all come in 
our existing markets only?  
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, which is why we are pretty confident about, we know all the local factors 
for example Hyderabad, we wouldn’t take any time to breakeven. Bangalore, 
12 to 18 months will be break even, Chennai we have done extremely well in 
Chennai, we have very bullish on Chennai market. So, NCR we are going to 
the areas where there's more of young population, so I think we are pretty well-
poised in that way about our expansions over next 3 years and also 5 years of 
expansions. 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir and on this breakeven which you spoke about so we have seen that 
our breakeven at least in Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai market has been 
good in the past as well but for Delhi previously it took us some time to achieve 
breakeven in that territory. Now with this incremental capacity would that come 
up in the Delhi market, what kind of a breakeven time period are you looking 
at? And have you done any strategic changes in the Delhi market to improve 
our operations there? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think you're right that Delhi definitely it is completely a new city for us and also 
that our doctor engagement model was a very-very new to Delhi. So, we took 
some time to convince doctors to engage in our model, number one. Number 
two is that but by the time we entered in third year that Delhi we were hit by 
COVID and also government, local Delhi Government made this as a children's 
hospital for COVID. Whether COVID was there or it’s not much in children so 
that's why we were kind of took an extra year for breakeven. Then 2022 we 
had a breakeven Delhi. So, it took a year extra. I think that's quite 
understandable because of the pandemic. So, moving forward in Delhi that we 
have done our diligence and we know the geographies which probably going 
to be much easier for us to maneuver because where there is a lot of young 
population especially Gurgaon and Noida or the ones which are actually 
working on those areas.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Securities. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I cannot listen to you very clearly but I'll just try and ask the question. So, on 
the utilization side among the investors community there is this confusion 
whether theoretically and practically can your hospital's reach +70% or 70% 
utilization. If you could comment there? And let's say a matured hospital in 
Hyderabad with 700 beds that you have, you keep on mentioning that, that city 
is more matured for us. So, what kind of utilizations have you reached in 
Hyderabad and can that be looked at for other facilities? That's my question 
one. My question two is it would be helpful if you could give us the pre-Ind-AS 
margins for your hospitals or for your business in FY22. I think the reported 
which you mentioned is 31% but what would be the pre-Ind-AS? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, the first question utilization so yes, Hyderabad we reached about a 70% of 
occupancy. That's probably a maximum we could reach. I'll tell you a couple of 
important things why our model has this kind of occupancy level as opposed 
to multi-specialty hospitals. Number one multi-specialty hospital has got a lot 
of government business varying to each group, 15% to 20% or 25% 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
government business. So, government business almost literally very, very 
small, negligible, number one. Number 2 is that we have some degree of 
seasonality in the Children's Hospital. Like the first quarter, it’s always an 
examination time, in the March time. So, the first quarter is always -- 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry, which quarter is lower? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
First quarter, Q1 is going to be holidays time and the Q4 is going to be exam 
time. So, these are the quarters generally out pediatric business tends to be 
lower. So, this is true for anywhere Children's hospitals. So, our Q2, Q3 will be 
the busiest kind of quarters for us. So, the number 1 is that the seasonal 
variation. Number 2 is that we don't do government business. And number 3 is 
that we have very differential areas within the hospital, like the newborn 
intensive care services which has got secluded areas where you cannot 
squeeze in any other patient because children have got multiple areas, 
newborn, children intensive care services, and you've got mother’s areas also. 
So, there are differentiated areas, therefore we cannot kind of accommodate. 
For example, our newborn intensive care beds are about 18% of the total beds, 
so where we cannot admit either women or child. Pediatric intensive care 
services…. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, can I intervene here? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes, please. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, what you’re mentioning is also true for Hyderabad, right? It's not that it's 
not untrue for Hyderabad, it is true for Hyderabad, it is true everywhere as a 
pediatric business, right? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes. Which is why in Hyderabad, we reached about 68% to close to 70% 
occupancy in the normal year ‘2020. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, my question is simple, sir. Your business irrespective of whatever 
constraint in the form of no government business and beds being largely meant 
for children or adults, can it theoretically and practically reach the 68%, 70% 
occupancy when the hospital or the region matures just like Hyderabad? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Sure. We can get up to 68% to 70% occupancy in the mature state. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Despite the quarterly cyclicality? 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, Mr. Pritesh. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Despite whatever constraints you have mentioned, right? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes. The one thing is that we have been adding beds year-on-year, so that’s 
why you are seeing that at 56% in FY20. So, if you see Hyderabad mature 
hospital, it is reaching about 70% of blended occupancy, including the season 
or non-season put together. So, that is on occupancy. And second you asked 
for pre-IndAS margin. So, pre-IndAS margin is about 26% actually. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry sir, we missed your number, 26? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
26% is the margin. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And sir, there is a 20% price rise which insurance companies have taken in 
quarter 4. When will this play out in your numbers? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
It's already effective from 1st first of April. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
It is effective from 1st of April? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, on 50% of business, there is 20% price rise, right? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
No. So, I'll just tell you. So, basically, it's on the insurance which is on the 
inpatient revenue. So, when you look at the total revenue that we do, about 
30% of our revenue is outpatient, where the insurance price hike will not be 
applicable. So, on the 70% of the business, the insurance price hike is 
applicable. Now, if we were to break it further, the price hike that we have got 
of 20% plus is in our New Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai market. And in the 
Hyderabad market, it is slightly lower than that. So, blended we are likely to get 
– 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No, sir. Now I have missed the other part, you said 70% of the business is 
inpatient revenue. And on that 70% of the business, there will be a price 
increase on account of insurance, right? Whatever the insurance component 
is. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Right. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, how much would be that half of the 70%? 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Yes. So, half of the 70% business which is 35% of the overall business, on that 
the insurance price would be applicable. Now, if you look at the 20% that you 
have asked in the question, we have got that in our Bangalore, New Delhi and 
Chennai market. However, in the Hyderabad market, it will be slightly lower 
than that. So, our blended increase in the insurance would not be exactly 20% 
but will be slightly lower than that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
20% price increase is across the country, right? Now whether you are at a 
lower base in Hyderabad and a higher base in Chennai, but 20% is 20%, right? 
That's how we have to view it? 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
No. So, you have to view it, see each micro market have the separate nodal 
insurance companies. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But have they given the 20% price rise for us? Have they given 20% price rise 
for a certain city or they have given 20% everywhere? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
The contract is for each and every location actually. So, basically the 20% has 
come for Chennai, Bangalore and Delhi market. So, the Hyderabad market is 
not 20%. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
It is lower than that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
It’s lower. That’s clear, sir. Sir, one suggestion. We are not used to this format 
of whatever Chorus Call has implemented in terms of web. Sir, I was on the 
web, questions cannot go through, then they call me on the phone. So, it's 
always better to have either/or. So, it's always better to have a tele call or a 
Zoom format of meeting or whatever. It's just a suggestion, sir. This was very 
inconvenient. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Sure. Mr. Chheda, we will take that point. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Point well taken. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And you guys are also not audible. So, please, yes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Ranvir Singh Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, my question relates to that on EBITDA front, now because in certain part 
of business, the insurance price has also been raised. And because we have 

 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
a seasonality in Q1 and Q2, you said has been weaker. So, just to understand, 
how in FY23 or ’24, our EBITDA pre-Ind AS would look like? 
Dr. Ramesh K.:  
I think we expect it to be more even, a better year because more of normalcy. 
So, what we were kind of growing before the pre-pandemic was year-on-year 
about 20%, both in terms of numbers as well as the top line, and EBITDA. So, 
I think that's what our business has been. So, moving forward ‘23 is I think, it's 
difficult to give a kind of guidance very accurately, but we expect to do well. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, at least indicatively, because there's a lot of moving parts, price, cost, size 
also has increased. So, whether the level we achieved in FY22, that also 
included some vaccination related upside. So, on that level, we'll be looking 
positive or negative from here? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
We will definitely be positive because what we have business wise is more 
predictable here in terms of numbers and in terms of all the kind of the business 
drivers, it’s all very positive for FY23. So, I don’t see anything major negative 
factors to do business unless something else comes as a major event. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Did I hear correctly, you said that ARPOB would increase by 7% to 8% going 
forward? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Around 7%, 6% to 7% increase is normally year-on-year because of the pricing 
as well as the case mix. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And the growth we are talking about, it is for base business or we are including 
the bed we would be likely adding in FY23? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, the current year unlikely to be any major bed additions, if some projects 
which are in the pipeline may come, may come in the last quarter into business, 
but otherwise the beds will remain to be a constant till the last quarter. So, 
therefore, it may come in the last quarter maybe a month or so, but unless the 
projects get done earlier. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sir, 500 bed addition maybe after couple of years that we should assume? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
This 500 bed we are adding in next 3 years actually. So, this year, we are 
expecting about 150 beds  in Hyderabad and Chennai to happen. And next 
year again, we will have Chennai, Bangalore and then Delhi also. So, like in 3 
years, it is spread out. 

 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
Ranvir Singh: 
And on M&A strategy, we have good amount of cash there. So, what kind of 
target you would be looking at? So, it would be like a geographical 
diversification we are looking at? At the existing location, we'll be adding more 
units? So, if you could give some light on it. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Mr. Ranvir, we just got up an IPO done a month ago. First thing what we have 
done in the last few weeks is to see that is our 500 beds expansion in the next 
years’ time. So, by and large actually, we are very clear about these beds, 
when are they going to get added, all those things. Now, you're right, absolutely 
we have cash on the balance sheet and we are going to generate more cash. 
So, if an opportunity comes around for us, especially in the geographies where 
we are not there. So, that would be kind of a route we might kind of take it. So, 
I would want to give a kind some time to understand we have been building 
our business very organically. Whatever the acquisitions, we look at it, 
definitely they have to be beneficial to one is concept and rest of the alignment. 
Number two is where we can add the scale and also take that as a kind of an 
anchor and build it around in the new cities. This is something which is kind of 
a thought process which we are going to brainstorm in the next 6 months, 9 
months’ time. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Janak Lotwala, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Janak Lotwala: 
First of all, let me thank the management of Rainbow for taking us through the 
business model and allowing me to take my question. I have couple of queries, 
okay, from the learning perspective. My first question is, in one of the slides, 
sir, you mentioned that the blended industry growth rate is projected to be 
around 14% CAGR by 2026. So, if we look at Rainbow in this scheme of things, 
what is the growth that we're targeting in say, next 3 to 5 years, one? And 
around it, the second sub-question to this is the EBITDA margins that we see 
are moving around from 19% to say, 38% and subsequently in the 20s now. 
So, what is a normal EBITDA margin to be considered for our business going 
forward? Any broad pointers on that. This is my first question. And I had one 
more query but I'll take that after this. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, industry is growing. If you look at geographically, the West is growing about 
6%, 7%, in the western countries, developed countries. The countries like us, 
which is a rapidly growing country, both economically in every aspect, over 
14% for pediatrics, 12% for obstetrics. So, the Rainbow has been growing 20% 
for the last 8, 9 years time. So, that's what we have seen the growth. So, I 

 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
would expect it to continue the growth in the similar fashion and I'm optimistic 
about it. So, in terms of your next question about EBITDA margin, I think of 
what's been sustainable EBITDA margin for Rainbow is, if you look at the pre-
IndAS about 24%, 25% sustainable margin. Even at a growing stage when 
you're adding beds also, that's what we have been kind of in the past the last 
few years’ time, because a large proportion of our beds, which are the 
Hyderabad, the Vijayawada and Bangalore is also coming into the mature 
state, and Chennai is also doing very well. So, these are all going to be kind of 
a majority. The dominant kind of hemisphere is going to be a mature side of it. 
So, therefore, that if we add spokes in these areas is not going to kind of 
depress the EBITDA much. So, we are kind of pretty fairly confident about 
achieving 24%, 25% of EBITDA moving forward in future. 
Janak Lotwala: 
And my next query is around the CAPEX plans that we have. So, I believe 
there were some CAPEX plans laid out in the RHP. So, can you help us throw 
some light on what exactly are the timelines and the CAPEX that we are looking 
at, one? And second, for this CAPEX, we have some cash and cash 
equivalents of Rs. 180 crore. So, what is the capital allocation? Will this CAPEX 
be funded through the internal accruals or will it be through debt means? How 
is this going to shape up? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
We have the cash on the balance sheet and also we have got net-net proceeds 
also which is through the IPO proceedings. So, the next 2 years’ time, what 
we're going to utilize is what we've been kind of said in the DRHP and RHP. 
From the net proceeds is going to be a next 500 beds are going to be done. 
Second important thing is that we are as earlier question was saying that we 
have opportunities to explore how to spend this money and also that we are 
envisaging that in NCR area to do some of the hospitals. So, we are open 
about doing some of the Greenfield hospitals to kind of wherever there is the 
CAPEX bed is going to be a kind of not significantly varying when we take the 
Greenfield hospital. So, essentially what we look at it is that, whether the cost 
per bed, whether it is our own hospital or versus rental hospital, we are working 
on that, wherever there is real estate cost is low, we probably would like to do 
some of these hospitals to get them into the pool, our own hospitals. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Mr. Janak, basically we are adding about 500 beds in next 3 years, that is what 
we have stated in the prospectus and offer documents. And we are going to 
get about Rs. 170 crore for expansion and we are going to use the proceeds 
for repaying our existing debt of Rs. 40 crore and we have about Rs. 200 crore 
available on the balance sheet and this expansion of 500 beds requires about 

 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
Rs. 300 crore. So, this year also we will generate because there is a cash 
surplus, we will generate operating cash flow. So, this cash is enough for this 
500-bed expansion and we don't need to go for borrowing anything additionally 
for this. 
Janak Lotwala: 
So, sir, one sub query to this. When you said Greenfield expansion, so I had 2 
queries. So, when we say Greenfield, so what is the typical breakeven time 
that we look at for Rainbow, one? And second, you have envisaged that you’ll 
be expanding into the northeastern markets, okay? So, again, the same query 
over there. What kind of breakeven can we expect when we look at expanding 
into newer territories where we have little presence? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think it's very difficult to predict. I think like any other hospital, any Greenfield 
or newer city expansions, whether it is Greenfield or Brownfield, it will definitely 
take us 3 years. Three years is something what we envisage. So, depending 
on the local conditions and other factors, it might take longer also. But if you 
do 3 years of breakeven, I think we see that it's done well. 
Janak Lotwala: 
So, for the Northeastern markets where do we look at starting the Greenfield? 
So, any particular timing or…. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
It’s in early phase. We are actually doing a diligence and we’ll take a call soon, 
probably in the next 6 months’ time. And this is not going to be a very huge 
hospital right in the beginning, it's going to be kind of hospital which is first 
going to take 100 beds and have the scope for expanding in future. So, it's a 
newer market. So, therefore, we are cautious about how to go about it in terms 
of CAPEX, in terms of timelines and periods and those things. So, definitely 
we are positive about it, northeast. But the time is there for more specifics. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Go ahead, sir. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, my first question is on COVID vaccine contribution in FY22. Can you help 
us with the sales and EBITDA contribution in the year gone by? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
So, in FY22, we have done about Rs. 96 crore of vaccination revenue and we 
have done about Rs. 25 crore of EBITDA. So, this has come mostly to first 2 
quarters actually. So, third quarter, it was going on and fourth quarter, it's 
almost negligible. 

 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Alankar Garude: 
So, sir, then the question is, if I look at this ARPOB which you’ve reported, Rs. 
45,711 in FY22. So, that includes this contribution, right, the COVID 
contribution? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, you are right. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, in that context, when we talk about a 6% to 7% ARPOB increase, we 
should subtract the COVID vaccination revenues from this reported ARPOB 
and then look at that 6%, 7% growth going forward. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, Alankar. It’s about Rs. 43,000 in a normalized ARPOB we should take 
and then from there, we are taking about a 6% to 7% hike actually for the future. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, my second question is on margins. Now, on one hand, we have these 
newly open centers, relatively newly open centers in Delhi and Chennai, 
especially Delhi, which are I would assume operating at much lower EBITDA 
margins as compared to our flagship hospitals in Hyderabad. And then we are 
also looking to add about 500 beds, almost 33% capacity in the next 3 years. 
So, how should we look at the interplay between these 2 when it comes to 
margins over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, what happens is actually, when you look at Chennai, we've done extremely 
well. The second year, we were EBITDA positive. Third year we had done 
about 26% EBITDA in Chennai. That is actually an excellent performance in 
Chennai, what we are able to do in Chennai. Moving forward, of course, we 
always look at blended occupancy and a blended EBITDA, that's been our way 
of looking at it always. Since we are adding these beds, most of the beds for 
example, if you look at the landscape what we are adding, we are doing at 2 
centers in Hyderabad, 160 beds is going to be added in Hyderabad. There’s 
going to be 140 beds in Chennai City.. And then we’re looking at Delhi, 
exploring the opportunities, still not finalized anything yet. So, these cities, 
whatever the last center, what we have done in Bangalore, that was breakeven 
in 14 months’ time. So, in Hyderabad, if we do a center, probably we don't need 
any time to breakeven because it's we are doing for demand, so which makes 
us to go very confident about the next 3 years horizon that we are not doing 
outside the state. And also, when we do the spokes, when you do hub and 
spoke, quite a bit of optimization also comes because in terms of the manager 
cost, other costs and those things. So, we don't see kind of major challenges 
in breakeven of the spokes. So, when you go to definitely new city and whether 
it's a Greenfield or Brownfield, depending on the size of the hospital, it would 

 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
definitely take 3 years’ time. So, that's what our experience so far will be. One 
additional point for Children’s healthcare is that we have always grown very 
organic, because what is our model is we are hospital-based pediatrics and we 
focus a lot more on caring for sicker children, building intensive care services 
and then start building up specialty services. It is a process which cannot be 
kind of formulated. Unlike multi specialties, do you get teams to come and join 
you to do the business from the third month, fourth month? No, it's not there. 
You don't have that good teams established who have got business. Number 
2 is that we can't bring the pediatricians who are general pediatricians and 
make their hospital grow because they are more of office practice pediatricians. 
Therefore, it's a very, very organic matter, it takes time, it cannot be really 
pushed. That’s in a way for Rainbow huge advantage, having matured and built 
to this level. And also which is one of the reasons that we have to be very 
carefully curate when we go into the newer cities. So, currently, we are in 
advantaged position because we have cash on the balance sheet, we have 
had net proceeds, money is there. When we go into kind of some acquisition, 
aligned acquisition comes in that we can build newer city. But however, that 
there is a scope of 1,000 beds for us to do in existing network, where we can 
build much more stronger and larger like Hyderabad is probably kind of makes 
more sense for organization to move forward. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, sir, if I were to just summarize what you said, so given that most of our 
expansion is happening, at least for the near term is happening in our existing 
cities, we can definitely expect some kind of margin expansion over say the 
next 2 to 3 years versus the 24%, 25% pre-IndAS levels, which you mentioned 
earlier in the call. Is that a fair assumption? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Yes. I think so. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes, actually. So, most of the units already are mature and mature units 
contribute a better margin, and then our expansion also since it is on the 
existing locations, so definitely, it will not be margin dilutive. 
Alankar Garude: 
And one final request. So, we haven't really shared any cluster wise details in 
our presentation or the press release. It would be really helpful if you could 
share those as well going forward because given that there's such a big 
difference in the profiles across some of our cities, it would be really helpful to 
analyze and forecast going forward. 

 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
We have not done that kind of granularity so far. We'll try to work on that now, 
how to kind of dissect these things and how to present it for a better 
understanding for us as well as you. 
Alankar Garude: 
Maybe even just the operating metrics would be helpful. Financials I can 
understand, but maybe if you could share the operating metrics, key operating 
metrics of each of the clusters, it would be really helpful. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Sure. So, next time onwards we’ll have that part. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Amit Bhatt from MIT Engineers. Please go 
ahead. While we check the connectivity for Mr. Amit, we’ll move on to the next 
question. We take the next question from the line of Ranvir Singh from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ranvir Singh: 
On ARPOB side, the normalized ARPOB has been Rs. 43,000 as you 
mentioned and 7% hike is, that means the reported number would be flattish 
in FY23, right, on ARPOB side? Just to clarify.  
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think the before year ARPOB was about Rs. 40,000 in FY21 and if you take 
the COVID vaccine off, it will be Rs. 43,000. So, it’s about 6% growth is there. 
I think what kind of Gowri was mentioning earlier is about 6% to 7% growth is 
something which we expect because of the case mix and pricing and various 
other aspects, pricing corrections, those things. So, that’s not much where are, 
actually it’s more like an inflation coverage. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And you mentioned Rs. 96 crore from vaccination. And that was mostly in 
which quarter? That was in quarter 3? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Actually, we have done mostly in Q1, Q2 and Q3 it is less actually. Q4 it is 
almost very negligible. So, in first 3 quarters, we have done it.  
Ranvir Singh: 
So, even if we reduce this vaccination revenue and EBITDA of Rs. 25 crore, 
yet, we had a very good amount of 31.9% kind of EBITDA margin. So, what 
actually drove and then why we are expecting that to be lower in subsequent 
quarters. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
No, we are not expecting lower ARPOB. So, I'm saying that whatever we take 
it for projection actually considering the inflation, we take about 7%. Actually, 
we end up with a better ARPOB because of the case mix and price hike. 

 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
That's definitely expected, 6% to 7% is kind of we can expect to grow. So, it 
may be more, but that’s what is expected to grow, base case. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And in case one has to look at the risk side of it, what kind of risk do you see 
to projection either in EBITDA or in revenue projection? What may go wrong? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I think the biggest risk for this one is what has happened with the pandemic. 
So, the pandemic really has hit the pediatric business. Whatever the kind of 
bounce back we have got in the last year, it was not an even business, it is 
kind of a month-on-month variability, so much of unpredictability. So, those 
kinds of events definitely will distort it. Otherwise, it's kind of pretty smooth. But 
having said that, that certain events, which definitely kind of makes you to do 
a kind of a better business something like we have seen in the past for 
children's healthcare. There was a couple of years we had a swine flu 
outbreaks where we had to do really lots of intensive care. We had dengue 
epidemics in the early part of 2000s till 2010. So, those things positively work 
on it, but anything like serious events like pandemic where there is a lockdown 
or connections are lost between the districts and the cities and those are the 
ones which are going to affect us badly. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ayush Pansari from Allegro Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ayush Pansari: 
Sorry, I joined the call a little late. Sorry, if this has been answered. But what is 
the IndAS-116 impact on FY22 financials? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
So, we have a clear 31% margin we have given. So, it's about 25% pre-IndAS 
margin, post-IndAS 31%, the 6% is a difference. Actually, about Rs. 60 crore 
for the lease rental and which has now taken us Rs. 51 crore as a lease liability 
payment. So, if you take about overall, if you remove that IndAS impact, we 
will have about Rs. 20 crore plus in our PAT margin. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
In addition. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes. 
Ayush Pansari: 
That is Rs. 20 crore, right? 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Janak Lotwala, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Janak Lotwala: 
Sir, just wanted to understand from you in FY 22, is it fair to say that there was 
some element of pent-up demand post the COVID? And will it continue as well 
if it was there in FY23? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
So, definitely, there was some pent-up demand in some quarters. So, what has 
happened in ‘22 was there were periods of normalcy, which is kind of second, 
third quarters, we had fairly good periods. So, lots of our pediatric surgical 
volumes have come, gynecological surgical volumes have come. So, a lot of 
work being done during those times and we’ve done quite a bit of transplants 
at that time. Again, then in last quarter in January to February, 6 weeks about 
we had Omicron wave. Again, it’s kind of if you look at our Q4 numbers, 
definitely our outpatients and also pediatric business has taken a big hit 
because of the Omicron wave. Though it is not very long, it is short lived. Again, 
March we recovered. So, Omicron has hit us for just a period of 5 to 6 weeks’ 
time. And we've come back to kind of to the normal. So, now what we are 
seeing in the current year is that probably kind of more towards normalcy. We 
haven't said that it has taken a long time to come back to normalcy because 
especially for the pediatric side is because people continued to do the work 
from home under hybrid model. So, therefore, most of our hospitals are in the 
cities, especially the Bangalore and Hyderabad, they are all IT cities. So, a lot 
of people have not come back into the cities, which is why we have continued 
to see the lower outpatients. Now they are picking up now. Last one month 
time you see that, things are really getting back to normal because the schools 
are going to be started and everything is going to be started. 
Janak Lotwala: 
So, sir, do you see this pent-up demand spilling over to FY23 as well in Q1 and 
Q2? 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
I’ll tell you; pent up demand won't come in children's healthcare much. The 
reasons why is it is not something like adult cardiac care or renal care or other 
things where people can wait for long term diseases. Children's majority of 
them are short term illnesses or serious or critical illnesses. So, they don't kind 
of wait for such a longer time. So, pent up demand will be there for some 
surgical conditions and some other specialty conditions, but that is not a 
significant, that is negligible. For us to have a normal year is doing 
straightforward, regular business is more important rather than pent up 
business. 

 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Janak Lotwala: 
Just sir, one last request. If you can going forward, just help us with transcripts 
of the con call that we have, it really helps because some of the con calls we 
might not be able to attend. But a quick glance really helps in when as an 
investor. Just as a request, if you can help. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Noted. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Dr. Ramesh K.: 
Thank you very much for each and every one, all the analysts and the investors 
for taking time out to attend the webcast of Rainbow. Rainbow is a new kid on 
the street. So, it has different characteristics and features. Sure, what we are 
doing is the most essential for the country. Going forward, we are committed 
to build this healthcare model. Going forward kind of the years, I think what we 
are already in FY23, I think I hope to kind of come back to you with more good 
news. Going forward with normalcy business is going to kind of expected to do 
well. So, if you have any questions, please do come back to us. I think CFO 
number and email ID is there. Please do get in touch with us. We hope to kind 
of get connected, be proactive and also share because what's important is that 
while investing and also having profitability and let's build something as a great 
healthcare model in this country for future. Thank you very much each and 
every one. 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Thank you. 
Saurabh Bhandari: 
Thank you. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility for any 
errors. 
