Clean Science and Technology Limited
Drte: 02,06,2022
To,
BSE Limited
Plriloze JeeJeebhoy Towers,
DaJal Street,
Fofi,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543318
Dear Sir/Madam
Lr lcrms of tlre leferred Regulation 30 read with
enclosing helewith the transcl'ipt of conference
30't' May, 2022.
You are requested to take the same on record.
Thanking YoLr.
I,'or Clcan Sciencc and Technology Limited
innovotion
otwork
National Stock Exchange of India Lintited
Exchange Piaza, Plot no. C/1,
G Block, Bandla-Kurla Complex
Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
Trading Symbol: CLEAN
Subjcct: 'I'ranscript of conference call on the Company,s e4 l-y2l-Z2llarnings.
llel.: Regulation 30 of the SMII (Listing Obligations :rnd Disclosure Rcquirements) Ilegulations,
2015 (" ListiIg llcgulations")
Schedule III - Pal1 A to the Listing Regulations, we are
call on the Conrpany's Q4 FY2l-22 Earnings held on
v,
\l,l,;ee€
Ma he sh Kulka rni
(lorrr pauy Sccrctary
(Erstwhile known as Clean Science and Technology private Limited)
Regd. Office: 503, Pentagon Tower 4, t\y'agarpatta City, Hadapsar, pune _ 4iiO13, N/S, lndia
Tel: +91 20 26899953 Fax: +91 20 26898894 Email: corporate@cieanscience.co.in Website: www.cleanscience.co.in
CIN: 124114PN2003P1C018532

Page 1 
 
 
 
 
Clean Science and Technology Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
30th May, 2022 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Mr. Siddharth Sikchi,  
Promoter and Executive Director 
  
Mr. Pratik Bora,  
Chief Financial Officer 
 

Page 2 
 
Moderator   
 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Moumita, moderator for the conference call. Welcome 
to Q4 FY2022 earnings conference call for Clean Science and Technology. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions, after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touch tone telephones. Please 
note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Ankur Periwal from 
Axis Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Ankur Periwal 
   
Thank you Moumita and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to host Q4 and FY22 earnings 
conference call for Clean Science and Technology Limited. The call, as usual will be initiated with 
a brief management discussion on the Q4 and full-year performance, followed by an interactive 
Q&A session. Management team will be represented by Mr. Siddharth Sikchi, promoter and 
Executive Director, and Mr. Pratik Bora, Chief Financial Officer. A gentle reminder, today's 
discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements and opinions with respect to the 
anticipated future performance of the company. Such forward-looking statements involve a 
number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions which could cause actual 
results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements. With this disclaimer, I'll hand it over to Siddharth for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Siddharth. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Thank you, Moumita. Thank you, Ankur. Good morning everyone from Clean Science and 
Technology. I hope everybody is doing well, and I'm happy to connect with you all again to discuss 
the performance of our company for the last quarter and FY22. We have completed our first 
financial year after getting listed which was in July last year, and the company has given a strong 
performance. We have recorded highest ever revenue, EBITDA and PAT for a financial year.  
 
Let me speak a little bit on the business environment. The current global macro environment 
continues to be challenging both on the geopolitical front and persistent inflation environment. 
Throughout the year, we have seen prices of key starting materials or raw materials remain 
extremely volatile, and prices have increased drastically over the last financial year. To give you 
an instance, phenol is a very key starting material for us at Clean Science and which contributes 
50% of our total raw material cost. The cost or the price of phenol from last financial year has 
doubled in this year. Of course, increase in energy and fuel costs, high international freight rates 
and supply chain constraints are some of the other challenges, which we witnessed during this 
financial year. Nevertheless, we continue to work closely with our customers and with regular 

Page 3 
 
discussions for navigating through the current environment and increasing business 
opportunities. 
 
Despite the various headwinds, we are happy that all our geographies and segments did grow on 
a very healthy background. And we were able to increase new customers, increase wallet share 
with the existing customers and we have launched some of the new products.  
 
On financial highlights, the total revenue for this financial year, we closed at 685 crores, which 
increased 34% over the last financial year. We've had strong growth in export revenues and 
domestic, so export grew by 38%, domestic grew by 24% and revenue mix remains at 70/30, 70% 
export, 30% domestic. EBITDA increased to 300 crores as against 259 crores, so which is a 16% 
year-on-year growth. Profit before tax, PBT was at 305 crores and PAT at 229 crores which grew 
14% and 15% respectively compared to the last financial year.  
 
This year, the company did highest CapEx of about 140 odd crores and our balance sheet 
continues to be debt-free, with a free cash of approximately 250 odd crores. For this financial 
year, the ROC has remained at 52% and return on equity at 30%. A little bit on sales profile, sales 
improvement was led by combination of robust volume growth and improved realization across 
all segments.  
 
Performance chemicals remains as our key growth driver, and it contributes 70% of our revenue. 
New products which have been introduced in this segment have started contributing and will 
gradually start ramping up in the coming quarters. Price hike that have undertaken helped us 
improve our realization across all products. A little bit on Capex in FY22, we did a Capex of about 
140 crores, which was the highest ever Capex in the history of Clean Science. Majority Capex 
was undertaken at our upcoming unit three where we commissioned two plants, PBQ and TBHQ, 
which are newer products for us. We doubled our anisole capacity and increased BHA capacity 
by 50%.  
 
We have also increased capacities of MEHQ and Guaiacol by 50% and the plant was 
commissioned two months ago that is in April. We are also in the process of doubling our PBQ 
capacity, which should happen in second half FY23. Construction work for our new two plants, is 
on track in Unit three, which is for HALS Series 701 & 770, and this, we aim to commercialize in 
H2 FY23. 
 
About new subsidiary. To take advantage of fiscal benefits within the stipulated timeframe, 
company incorporated a new wholly owned subsidiary under the name of Clean FinoChem 
Limited. The greenfield Capex on recently acquired 34-acre land parcel will be undertaken 
through this subsidiary. Majority of our new Capex after the unit three will happen largely at this 
new subsidiary.  
 

Page 4 
 
Let me highlight on ESG, so, sustainability is deeply ingrained in Clean Science and Technology 
and our long-term strategy for sustainable growth. We have implemented several sustainability 
initiatives that have helped in minimizing environmental impact of our operations.  
 
Since inception, the company has been investing in renewable energy in a significant way, with a 
particular focus on solar power. As a result of our endeavours over the past few years, 
approximately 55% of our electrical energy consumption is from renewable sources. We have 
reduced water consumption by almost 25% and green gas emissions by almost 9% over the past 
three years. We are very proud to inform that we are the first specialty chemical company in the 
country to be given the GreenCo Certification. This rating is a clear validation of our company's 
emphasis on Clean, Green and sustainable practices and manufacturing processes. 
 
We actively contribute to social and economic development of the communities. Our total 
contribution towards CSR is approximately 11 Crores over the last three years. Our focus has 
been on education, healthcare, and afforestation. We continue to follow industry-best corporate 
governance practices, more than one-third of our board members are independent. Our long-term 
rating by CRISIL was upgraded to A+ positive and short-term rating continues to be at A1+. So, 
with this, I would like to hand over to Axis team for Q&A. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you 
have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the 
question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. 
Sir, our first question is from Mr. Harsh from LTMF, please go ahead. 
 
Harsh   
 
Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen and congratulations for a very strong FY22. So, my 
first question is regarding your growth for the full year of around 35%. Can you just break that 
down into how much of that was volume and how much of that was value driven?  
 
Pratik Bora   
 
Hi, Harsh. Pratik this side. Thank you for your question. So, Harsh, we don't share typically volume 
and value wise number, but just to give you an instance, majority of the growth has come from 
volume. So, for BHA which is the most margin accretive product in our portfolio, we have 
witnessed around 50% volume growth and around small 7% to 8% as realization growth.  
 
 
 
 

Page 5 
 
Harsh   
 
Okay. Understood, and how has been the overall environment like for the industry and then 
specifically for Clean Science in terms of passing on all those incremental costs that has been 
taken away. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
There are two ways to look at it. So, one is, see the specialty chemical space is a very interesting 
space that where raw material prices, when they hike up too much, we do not like to pass 
everything to the customer. With that, we are able to regain confidence of our customers in us. 
Rather in this environment, we would rather love to increase our wallet share with our existing 
and add newer customer to the basket. The result of this is why we are doubling, or we have 
increased our capacities of BHA by 50%. We have increased our capacities of MEHQ and 
Guaiacol by 50%. And the whole scenario is that we are passing some price difference to the 
customer, and we are trying to regain and increase our wallet share with the same customers, so 
that over the next few years, we are able to garner a better market share compared to our 
competitors. 
 
Harsh   
 
Understood, and you just spoke about client addition, so far for the full year of FY22, how was 
overall client addition versus the last year. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
We first added two new products. One is PBQ which is called para-benzoquinone, and another is 
called TBHQ. So, so this is absolutely new product in our portfolio, so we've added some clients 
in these products. And of course, in product like BHA, we have added some new customers in 
Latin America. In MEHQ, we've added some customers in South Korea, we've added some 
customers in United States. So, there has been a decent increase of our customers some of the 
large-scale customers who are buying minority stake from us or minority purchases from us have 
now moved to a majority purchase from us in this coming financial year. 
 
Harsh   
 
Understood. And just last two questions from my side, you closed this year in Q4 with an EBITDA 
margin of 41%. First is on these new capacities that we are adding, of new as well as existing 
products excluding HALS, how do you expect your EBITDA margins to go from there, and if I 
remember for HALS, our aim is to garner around 10% of market share in next 4-5 years after 
commercialization. So, how that also will be driving towards the margin?  
 

Page 6 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
So, I will try, and I will not be able to give a lot of forward-looking statements, but I'll try and satisfy 
your question. So, in our existing businesses like the BHA and MEHQ and Guaiacol similar 
margins -- we should be able to get similar margins, and by adding newer customers and of 
course, as we have added significant volumes, they should definitely result in absolute increase 
in our revenues and absolute number increase in our profitability.  
 
Now, when we come to the newer products, in this always there is a little gestation, because we 
are trying to understand the process, learning is still undergoing, yield improvement and you 
know, there is still efficiency which has to be improved. And plus, whenever you are trying to 
garner new customers, you have to give some discount compared to their existing current buyer, 
I mean whoever they are buying from, so due to that the margins would be a little low in the new 
products. But we are very confident that over the period of few years when we have a decent 
market share when our plants have stabilized then we have perfect yield and efficiency what we 
are looking at, the margins should increase.  
 
Coming back to HALS, yes, I mean of course two of the plants which we are anticipating for 
product 701/770 should begin by second half this financial year. And unit four, the newer unit, will 
house the entire HALS segment. These, since again we will be the first Indian company to start 
this production in India. Of course, with this whole COVID thing, China plus one strategy, we really 
anticipate that these would be the next growth driver for Clean Science and Technology. Thank 
you. 
 
Harsh   
 
Understood. That was very helpful. Thank you. And last one thing on data keeping, either you can 
give it now or you can give it on a separate disclosure that is fine, but we used to earlier give the 
breakup of product-wise and performance, pharma and FMCG in terms of BHA, Guaiacol, DCC 
etc. If you can just share that either now or later in a separate disclosure that will be help, that is 
just to get an understanding as to where the growth has been mainly derived from. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Sure, we can do that. Thanks. 
 
Harsh   
 
Thank you, Siddharth and team, and all the very best. Thank you. 
 
 
 

Page 7 
 
Siddharth Sikchi 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Mr. Sanjesh Jain, from ICICI Securities, please go 
ahead, sir.  
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Few from my side. First, from this new category 
addition, that is PBQ and TBHQ, what will be the initial response, we seen that it has done very 
well. So, I think the response has been good. So, what is the opportunity in these products, 
because one of the co-product which is MEHQ, we already have a global peer. So, is that giving 
some advantage in initial push up or do we really have some kind of an advantage in those 
products, in terms of process manufacturing or through a market placement or partnership that 
we are looking to have in this product, which will give us push for that in FY23? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi  
 
Thank you, Sanjesh. So, let me answer your question. So, you know as a company, when we 
look at products, we also try and always look at products where in India there is no manufacturer 
and where the country is dependent on China. So, PBQ is one of such products. We have 
anticipated that currently PBQ is imported close to 1200 ton per annum in India, the product price 
is approximately $30, and typically, it is majorly imported from China, and it goes into 
agrochemicals. 
 
Now, we are the first Indian company to start PBQ manufacturing in India. What advantages we 
have is, of course, it is one-stage oxidation reaction, but the quality of the product, the color of the 
product is significantly important, which I think no other Indian company has been able to get so 
far. So, we are the first company because of our interesting technology, we have been able to get 
the right stability and the right parameter for the color, one. 
 
Two, our first initial investment was about 30 to 40 tons per month, which fortunately we are sold 
out and now, we are doubling the capacities to about 80 to 90 tons per month. With this we hope 
that we would be able to cater to the Indian requirements, that is second. Third, you know, we 
have got new customers in Agro space and it is a new market. Agro is a very upcoming field I 
think, it is also growing significantly and you know, with the new customer, which we have got in 
PBQ, we are trying to discuss with them newer product opportunities where we can grow in Agro 
space as well. So, these are some of the advantages we look at. 
 

Page 8 
 
The second product that you mentioned TBHQ, it is already manufactured by some Indian 
company. However, it is our focus to remain and become strong and stabilize our business. We 
already have MEHQ, we have Ascorbyl palmitate, we have BHA with addition of TBHQ that will 
be another stabilizer and the entire HALS series again as a performance chemical or stabilizer. 
So, we want to grow our portfolio in these performance chemical business, because now, we 
understand the business and we like this space. So, we are looking at this in totality. So, these 
are the reasons why these two products have been introduced. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
That's very clear. Just one clarification, PBQ then goes into the pharma intermediate segment 
right, not into the performance chemical. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
No, PBQ goes into Agro. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
No, from our segmental reporting perspective? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
We will put it as a specialty chemical, goes into Pharma and Agro intermediate. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Pharma and Agro intermediate, right. And that is the reason why we have seen such a strong 
growth in that segment on a YoY basis. But I did, if I looked at it sequentially, that particular line 
segments have come down and we have mentioned that DCC has also done good. So, what are 
we missing, did Guaiacol did not do so well with this quarter? 
 
Pratik Bora   
 
Sorry, Sanjesh your question, if I may rephrase, you're asking that in performance or in pharma 
segments, why is there a sequential degrowth? 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
Correct, despite a very strong PBQ delivery. 
 
Pratik Bora 

Page 9 
 
 
I mean, DCC has gone up, there has been a slight degrowth in Guaiacol because Q3 was 
exceptionally good for us. So, that was a very high-base Q3, but if you look on year-on-year basis, 
there we have been good. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
That's it. That understanding I wanted. Now, with the MEHQ now with the 50% capacity and I also 
know that we have increased BHA by 50% still requires a feedstock, so MEHQ as a segment, 
how should we grow ex the feedstock for FY ‘23-24, and considering that we already have a 
significant market share it is fair to assume that a 10% to 12% can still be done in terms of a 
volume growth in that segment? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi 
  
It should happen, see Sanjesh, whom are we competing with MEHQ is per se today we are 
competing with Solvay. MEHQ, they produce using hydroquinone, which prices have currently 
almost doubled to around $12, whereas MEHQ is still hovering around $10 to $11. So, with this, 
the focus of our competitor is to sell more of hydroquinone in the market rather than getting into 
MEHQ and this has opened the gate for us to get into some of the accounts, which we were really 
lacking into. To give you an example, BASF for the last 10 years, we have been trying to get into 
BASF and we have always been getting the minority portion of their MEHQ purchases. However, 
this is the first year where we have got 70% of their global demand, and we have got their contract 
for three years. So, all this has played very well in our favour, and we want to take this opportunity 
to gain our market share and to get confidence of our customers and increase our market share. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Great. But HQ going up is not so good news for us from the TBHQ perspective, right? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
But all our competitors also buy HQ and make TBHQ, right? 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Right. So, we are on the level footing in TBHQ, but we are on an upper footing on a MEHQ, which 
is a much larger block. 
 
 
 
 

Page 10 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
As well as BHA, because all my BHA customers today also need TBHQ, okay? Plus, Ascorbyl 
palmitate is also another product for us. So, we were lacking in this product, and again it is a 
performance, specialty, stabilizer, which we did not have in our product portfolio. So, with this, we 
are trying to grow our performance chemical, and again getting into HALS, will further support us 
and increase our product basket in this performance chemical segment. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Just one last question before I get back into queue. On the PBQ side, we talked about import 
substitution and an Agro Chemical Company addition, where we are also trying to increase the 
basket. Again, it is mostly India, right? It's not an export product as of now for us, right? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
Today, India is in itself buying 1200 ton per annum. And you can imagine $30 is the product, dollar 
is at 77, import duty is at 8%. So, it makes a lot of sense for us to first cater to Indian market. We 
have exported smaller volumes to Europe, but India would be our prima facie focus in this product, 
because these Agro intermediates which are made, India is a prominent player. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Just one, sorry, bookkeeping question. We said the 55% of that power consumption in the plant 
comes from the renewable resources, right? But then, what is the reason for our other expenses, 
jumping through sharply on a quarter and quarter, because I saw this should be predominantly 
because of the power cost, but that comment made me think that again.  
 
Pratik Bora   
 
So Sanjesh just to clarify, our power and fuel costs comprises of two components. One is 
electricity, where we made that comment that 55% of our electricity serviced by renewable energy 
and the other is the coal cost, which comprises around 70% of overall fuel costs. In case of coal, 
we have seen the price increase by 77%, so that has led to power and fuel costs increasing by 
around 106% on year-on-year basis.  
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
So, that's mathematical arithmetic. Got it. Now, I understood. Very clear. Thanks Siddharth. 
Thanks for answering all my questions and all the best for the coming process. 
 
 
 

Page 11 
 
Moderator   
 
Question comes from Mr. Sujit Lodha from Birla Sunlife Insurance, please go ahead. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
So, my first question was on the cost side, as you mentioned, that phenol is now 50% of your cost 
basket. So, is it like say for example, 35% is just COG right now, out of the 17% to 18% would be 
phenol, is it right or it used to be 50% and now it is higher? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
No, I think your first assumption is right. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
Okay. So, I just wanted to ask how have you seen the inflation in the balance 50% portfolio on 
the cost side, how is the inflation thing when you compare FY22 versus FY21. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
See, for instance, all our chemicals are mostly commodity chemicals, methanol, tertiary butyl 
alcohol, acetic anhydride, and of course, coal. All prices, for instance, if I have to give you 
methanol, which is a very, very simple commodity chemical, the prices over the last financial year, 
when I say it is an average price has grown about 50 odd percent. Tertiary butanol which we 
import from China has increased about 70%. Acetic anhydride, where acetic acid is  used as a 
starting material has grown about 152 odd percent. So, there has been a large, I mean, I'm sure 
if you track chemicals, you understand that there has been a huge increase in raw material prices 
of all the basic chemicals and of course, that is the reason why further downstream products have 
also has seen the increase in prices. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
Right. Sir, and secondly on this, while you explained it well that the price hikes will become more 
gradual, because you don't want to lose your relationship with the customers in the buyer side. 
Sir, but do we expect to pass on this entire cost, or we expect the prices to normalize, wait for 
what happens with the commodity and probably then take a call. What is the strategy? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Now, we have customers ranging from quarterly orders to half yearly to annual contracts. Ok? 
So, depending on the needs of the customer, depending on the location of the customers, you 

Page 12 
 
know, there are several factors which come into play when we decide on increase of our prices, 
which we have done over the past few quarters, that is why our raw material cost is still about 35 
odd percent. Even in quarter three, if you see our raw material price has been 35%. So, with this 
view, we are able to pass on the price. Wherever, we feel there is a real difficulty, where you 
know, there are customers who are not able to pass on prices to their end customers to give you 
an example, say a cosmetic cream, where a UV blocker is introduced using our product, if you go 
to the market, again these prices do not increase every quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
So, these are some of the special times when we need to, you know help our customer be 
supportive of them, pass marginal price increase, so that they also remain in the business and 
this entire chain continues. Because all of us know that this is a very special situation, this 
particular year, because of these geopolitical tension has been a very special year. So, we don't 
want that our particular segments completely dry off, because of our little price increase, and 
fortunately for us, we have a very healthy margins in our business. So, we would like to, you know, 
help our customer in these times, so that when the times reverse, you know, they will always 
remember these times and we increase, and have a better business coordination with our 
customers. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
Sure. Sir, my second question would be as you explained that your sensitivity to phenol will 
obviously be the lowest versus competitors. So, our MEHQ market share how has it moved in the 
last 3 to 4 quarters, because there the price increase which they would require would be much 
higher, the margin of safety which they have is much lower. So, heavy gain like significant market 
share in the MEHQ from our current high number? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
See, I can only tell you one thing Sujit. We have added 50% capacity, okay. And you will see that 
we are mostly sold out in that. For the plants which we envisage, we will take about a year or two 
years to gain the market shares, but because of the last year and the way we have been with our 
customer, the plant is, you know, running at full capacity then are completely sold out. So, I hope 
that gives you a clear answer.  
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
And just one small question on the HALS. So, do we have some duty protection benefit versus 
the current supplier, is there an import duty on HALS, in India?  
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 

Page 13 
 
For a product like 770, where India imports close to 3000 tons per annum, the duty is about 7.5% 
to 8%. And of course, with all these international glitches of shipment, and all these problems, I 
think a local player would be very, very helpful to the master batches guys and our capacities are 
going to be closer to 1500 to 2000 tons. So, I'm very confident that we'll be able to garner or get 
this Indian market very, very rapidly. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
Right. This kind of duty benefits will be there for the other line of products, which are expected to 
launch in future? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Some of these products are not imported by India too. Some of the products that are expensive 
products, which are in specialized polymers, where US, Europe are predominantly very large. So, 
in these products, of course, the duty benefit will not help. However, those are also the products 
where the current producers are also very minimal. So being in India, the location factors, our 
cost of production versus our competitors, here BASF, I think these parameters will help us when 
we get into those range of products. 
 
Sujit Lodha   
 
Thank you so much, sir. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. So, next question from Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital, please go ahead, sir. 
 
Ankur Periwal   
 
Thank you. Siddharth, you know, you did mention a pretty sharp hike across the key raw materials, 
you know, over the last year. And, you know, my presumption here is obviously, you know, the 
other competition is also facing similar price increase. And with our differentiated technology, we 
probably have an advantage here. So, your comments on the overall competitive intensity, not 
only in India, but globally, for the existing product range, as well as the HALS part of it, while we 
have not launched our products yet, but where do you see yourself from a pricing point of view in 
the newer range of products that we plan to launch next year? 
 

Page 14 
 
Siddharth Sikchi  
  
The current producer, if I have to understand a BASF as a global producer, I mean, they have the 
largest market share. Energy prices in Europe have dramatically gone up because of this Russia-
Ukraine issues. And they have announced a few times already price increase in entire HALS 
segment. And I can understand the energy prices have gone up for us also, but not to the extent 
as it has gone up for a European producer or an American producer. So, this delta will definitely 
be of very big importance to us. Of course, there were a lot of rumours also in the market, that 
Germany or Europe in particular will have a lot of industrial shutdowns to first cater to the 
residential needs of energy. With this, the new, the big customers of the game would definitely 
want to have de-risking and try to have a source also in India for this HALS segment. I'm sure 
they will be more than happy to qualify us and make us, one of their vendors for this HALS 
segment. 
 
Ankur Periwal   
 
Okay, sure. On the existing portfolio, what will be the price differential, let's say our products 
versus competition, who would have probably taken a much higher price hike versus us? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
See, I will tell you. The beauty in this segment is that today because we are 70% of the market 
share, or maybe 65% or 70% of the market share, today our prices is what determines the market 
prices. So, if I have kept the price of say $10 or $11, even my competitor is not able to keep $15, 
because it won't work. So, they have to either be closer to mine, or they lose that customer, and 
this is a well thought strategy we have kept because with our new capacities which have added, 
I mean, just two months ago, we wanted to get those market share, rather than pushing too much 
on pricing. And also, with increasing prices, I mean for other commodity chemicals, if you have 
seen a lot of players either in India or in China have started relooking at these products. Like we 
have Make in India, I'm sure China would also have Make in China.  
 
So, we don't want to encourage any of these things, because China also is a very important 
market for us. In our entire revenues, 40% of our revenues come from China, not from one 
product, through all products. And these are the times when we don't want a newer entrant in this 
business. So, our prices are in a range where we are still making decent money and where we 
see our competitor would not be able to make substantial margins. So, we hope to get more 
market share in this environment. 
 
Ankur Periwal   
Sure. That’s pretty clear. Thank you. And just lastly, on the working capital side, we had seen a 
slightly sharp reduction last year FY21, while this time there is an increase is that largely because 
of, you know, higher Q4 sales here or you know, what could be a sustainable number? 

Page 15 
 
Pratik Bora   
 
Right Ankur. So, the first reason you rightly pointed out receivable days have gone up. That's 
because of the higher Q4 sales and also because of the sales mix, higher export sales. These 
are the primary two reasons, but on net working capital, it's almost similar, 56 days last year 
versus 59 days this year.  
 
Ankur Periwal   
 
Okay. Sure. Thanks Pratik and Thanks Siddharth. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Sir, we have the next question from Mr. Rhishan Pearwani from JM Financial, 
please go ahead, sir. 
 
Rhishan Pearwani   
 
Yeah, hi, Siddharth and Pratik. Congrats on good set of numbers despite challenging 
environment. Three questions from my side, small ones. So, the first is on given our focus is on 
the aniline going forward, how's the R&D shaping up in the aniline chain? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi  
  
R&D is shaping very well, I think we are getting into very, very interesting chemistry. I think it is 
not aniline base, it is acetone base. So, HALS come under acetone-based products. If that is the 
question you are asking. So yes, I mean, acetone-based derivatives, we are working on of course 
other than HALS, also some interesting products. And the R&D shaping up extremely well today, 
we have about 50 odd people with seven scientists, and we have three R&D separate divisions. 
So, we are very, very, very confident of coming up with better and newer products in the next 
financial year. 
 
Rhishan Pearwani   
 
I understand on the HALS, it is acetone derivative, I was more asking about from the like, you 
know, coming up with let's say be aniline, diphenylamine, if that is that you're working on. So that 
was like this starts from the aniline, so that's what I was probably asking to.  
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Oh! Yeah. Okay. So, yes, that is very interesting. Of course, we were working on aniline and 
diphenylamine-based products and of course leading to phenothiazine. There are certain issues 

Page 16 
 
in phenothiazine is that it is a particular pril form, which sells in the market, because it is a sulphur-
based derivative that nobody wants to use powder or flaky product. We were able to make the 
powder, but we were not successful in making a pril form. However, we are still working on it and 
trying to see if there is any way where we can try and attain the pril form. The day we are able to 
make a reasonable sized pril form that, is the point when we can consider getting into aniline to 
DPA and DPA into phenothiazine because that is also a stabilizer or an additive, which we would 
really want to add in our product portfolio.  
 
Rhishan Pearwani   
 
Okay. Great, sir. So that's what I was looking for. The second question is on the backward 
integration, so I'll not go into the product by product. I'll just ask like any plans like to further 
backward Integrate for any of our RM to complete the phenol chain if you kind of know what I'm 
hinting for. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Yeah, I understand your question. So, it is a little premature to say, of course, we think on those 
lines as you're thinking, but we have to see with newer capacities coming across geographies, 
how those are going to shape up. It will also decide our steps, I mean, what steps we should take, 
we don't want to overcrowd the market with newer capacities, which we think might come up 
either in India or in China. 
 
Rhishan Pearwani   
 
Understand, sir. And the final question sir, on HALS, you know, can we face, let's say competition 
from China, or no? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
There are producers in China. But I think, see for every product, there is a competitor in China. I 
mean, when we started even MEHQ was in China, Guaiacol was in China, 4MAP was in China. 
All our products, PBQ today, which we manufacture, DCC, which we manufacture, everything 
comes from China. So, there is a competition in China as well as in Europe. However, the 
advantage, I mean, is we have learned how to compete against China throughout the last 15 
years. And I'm quite comfortable in saying that, because of these current geopolitical tensions, 
plus these 77 as $1 rate, and of course, the import duty, these are the some of the parameters 
which will be very helpful, if a producer comes up in India. 
 
Rhishan Pearwani   
 
Understood, sir. That's it from me. Thanks for answering my questions, and best of luck. 

Page 17 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Our next question from Mr. Amar More from Alpha Accurate Advisors, please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Amar More   
 
Sir, thanks a lot for the opportunity. My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. The next question from Mr. Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities, please go ahead, sir. 
 
Abhijit Akella   
 
Yeah, good morning and thank you. Just wanted to check, you know, whether there's any margin 
outlook we can provide for say FY23, now just given the input cost scenario, and the fact that we 
are sort of focusing more on wallet share gains rather than on margin protection at this point. So, 
any rough outlook that you might be able to provide. Thanks. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
These are forward-looking statements we would like to avoid, however, to be very honest with 
these geopolitical tensions, how these things are going to shape up, even last year, I'm sure none 
of us would have anticipated where all this will lead to. So, these are very, very unforeseen 
situations, very, very special conditions. Of course, I can tell you, the business looks robust for 
us. We are seeing volume growth across all our segments, but it is very difficult to predict for me 
you know, what will be the raw material prices going forward in the next three months, will the 
world change. All of a sudden, all the raw materials will smoothen down, again come back to the 
normalcy or there will be furthermore tensions going across the globe, more countries will become 
part of this Russia-Ukraine thing, will the oil prices again further increase. You know, there are so 
many parameters, which today I'm sure even you and I cannot answer. So, it is very difficult to 
predict in such special circumstances.  
 
Abhijit Akella   
 
Okay. Understood, sir. Although if we take a slightly longer-term perspective, like said 3 to 5 years, 
once the new products are optimally ramped up for us. Would we expect the margins to sort of 
return to, you know, the levels that they have been at in the say, you know, in the previous year? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   

Page 18 
 
 
The previous year would be very a different year. See those were really the COVID year where 
the prices of raw materials really went down dramatically. And that was also a very special 
situation. So, I particularly feel if you look at our numbers, leaving the FY21 numbers, if you look 
at our FY20 numbers, or if you look at our FY22 numbers, where you've seen our RMCs have 
been closer to 35%. I'm sure you would appreciate that. I mean, compared to the FY20, FY22 
was a very challenging year for an entire chemical segment. I'm not talking about any other 
segment per se in a chemical segment. Despite of all those volatilities, despite of the ramping up 
our new capacities, we have delivered a 35% growth year-on-year and have been at an RMC of 
about 35% and a PBT of about 40%, which I think we are very happy to be at this level. Even I 
mean in these circumstances, and I'm sure you will also appreciate it. 
 
Abhijit Akella   
 
Sure. Understood. Thank you so much and wish you all the best.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. So, we have a follow up question from Mr. Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities, 
please go ahead. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
   
Yeah, Thanks. Thanks for taking my question again. I wanted to understand a little bit more on 
the MEHQ and the market share gain we are talking, and the China angle in that. First, we are 
already at 65% to 70% market share, as you told earlier, and we have increased the capacity by 
50% which is good again. Today because we are at a better costing or better manufacturing 
process, so we should gain a significant market share that means, from there onwards the growth 
will be restricted to the industry growth, which is close to 3% to 4%, is that understanding right. 
Number two.  
 
Siddharth Sikchi  
  
Let me answer one question at a time, Sanjesh. Typically, we don't like to answer on product-to-
product basis. However, since you've asked this let me explain you. So, when any chemical 
company builds a facility, it is typically built for a 3-to 5-year horizon okay, because when we 
anticipate that the growth will be say 5% or 7%, you know, the plant cannot be made every year 
looking at 5% to 7% gain. 
 
So, when a facility is made by us, it is obviously looking at a 5-year horizon number one. Number 
two, MEHQ has an internal consumption for us in BHA, where it is a growing market for us. And 
these are the two reasons why we feel that these capacities, I mean, that is the reason why we 

Page 19 
 
have added these capacities. And of course, we did not anticipate when we started the 
construction of this facility, that the prices of the starting material that is hydroquinone will increase 
to $13. So, that just happened by chance, but always the facility is built with a five-year horizon 
on how the market scenarios will happen. And we want that there should not be shortages of our 
product, because that leads to competition creeping in. 
 
So, we would always want spare capacities to be there so that any such event occurs, when there 
is a shortage in the market, we are there to fill that gap. And because these events you know, 
they're not announced prior, this is just by chance it happens, you should be there to grab that 
opportunity. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
Got it. I understood that some of the MEHQ will go into the downstream of BHA. Now, because 
we are now 70% to 80% of BASF and we are already there on the other customers and BASF 
being one of the large consumers it is no doubt that our market share will significantly ramp up 
from where we were say at the FY22 level. That means we will become an industry as a whole in 
this particular segment. And hence, we can address growth industry rate, that was the simple 
understanding for me. 
 
Second, on the China to the MEHQ is an increase in the cost for the Chinese manufacturer, while 
we continue to hold on our with a very restricted price increase, can China look at this product on 
the ADD side and impose or is there any risk of putting an anti-dumping duty on the import from 
the Clean Science to China, do you foresee any of those kind of risks? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
I will tell you, see what is the basic principle of anti-dumping, the basic principle of anti-dumping 
is that I am selling at a higher cost, say in Europe, US, South Korea, Japan and I am selling at 
much lower price in China. This is a basic thumb rule of an anti-dumping. Okay. If you see the 
way we have, of course, we understand this problem. If you see our pricing, sometimes our prices 
in Germany or in Europe or in US are sometimes lower than the prices we offer in China. So, this 
risk of anti-dumping would not come, and it is because of our technology advantage that I am 
able to offer these prices. It is not that I am deliberately dumping my product into China. And we 
have a basic costing mechanism, which any scientists would understand that if I take anisole and 
we make MEHQ, there will be a price which will be different than anybody making from 
hydroquinone route. 
 
Sanjesh Jain   
 
No, I have a similar situation with another chemical where India has put an anti-dumping on the 
Chinese import, while Chinese used to manufacture in a different process, so they had a cost 

Page 20 
 
advantage, yet India put the anti-dumping to protect the domestic production. There is a case 
which say that if there is a potential difference at the companies have put historically ADD, at least 
I know one of those products where the situation has happened. So, my understanding of the 
ADD was that more to protect the domestic manufacturing and none of the papers for the ADD 
have looked at the way they have discussed in length about the manufacturing process of the 
company, which they are evaluating, but that again driven on what kind of reply do they get. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
There is a lot of disturbance Sanjesh in your line. Currently, if my understanding is right, the major 
share in China market is taken up by Solvay and us. There is no real, very large producer of 
MEHQ in China, who would move for this ADD kind of process is what my understanding is. 
However, I explained to you that because we have also applied an ADD on DCC which was 
coming from China and we have understood, while we had to prove to the Indian government, 
that the prices which Chinese offered to the Europeans and American is far higher than the price 
they offer in Indian market, when there was a difference and that is why we were able to get anti-
dumping on DCC. In similar way, I'm sure even the Chinese would have to prove that our prices 
in other parts of the globe is far higher than what we are giving it in China. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
   
Fair enough. That explains very clearly. Thanks Siddharth. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Next question from Mr. Rohit Nagraj for Emkay Global Financial Service, please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
Rohit Nagraj   
 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. So, first question is in terms of HALS, so you indicated that we'll 
be coming up with the capacity 2H. So once a capacity is commissioned, immediately we'll be 
able to start our sales of the product, or we first have to go for validation of the product from the 
plant? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
Of course, there is always a validation process. You get product for pharma, Agro, even for 
masterbatches, there is always I mean everybody wants to have a sample before they buy, you 
know, commercial lot.  
 
Rohit Nagraj   

Page 21 
 
 
Right. So, effectively our commercial sales will start from FY24, is that right understanding? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
No, we are really hoping this year, so basically 770 will be used for masterbatches. There the 
lead times or validation time, because it does not go into pharma or food segments, it goes into 
masterbatches, here we expect that the approval time would be relatively shorter compared to a 
pharma product. So, we really anticipate that Q4 should be the first quarter when we should 
anticipate some sales into these 770 and 701 products 
 
Rohit Nagraj   
 
Right. Got it. The second question is in terms of exports, so 70% of our exports, how much of 
these are long-term in nature, particularly from the point of pricing perspective and given that 
normally, these are calendar year contracts, so is there any pricing clause to change the prices 
on a quarterly basis also? 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
We have multiple ways how our customer books orders with us, very rare is a year-old contract, 
then comes the half yearly and then comes quarterly, and of course in India is a monthly basis. 
So, it's a mix of customers how they like it. And we are really okay dealing, because if you do a 
yearly contract, sometimes we get the biggest portion of their business. And we are assured of a 
particular business for the entire year. Sometimes for instance, the Chinese market, they don't 
like to book anything for more than six months. So, they prefer to work on a quarterly basis. So, 
we are okay with quarterly basis. So, it's really kind of customer business, which we are doing 
into so there is multiple ways to look at it. 
 
Rohit Nagraj   
 
Right. Sir, just one last clarification on the demand front. So, because of the current environment 
in terms of a geopolitical environment, are there any deferment of contracts or orders for us, or 
simultaneously, probably a benefit because someone else is having the challenge. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
That's what I mentioned, if you have a European competitor like we have, their energy costs have 
dramatically increased over the past few months. So, that has given us an advantage where we 
are competing with them. So, of course those work in our benefit and of course, with Make in 
India say in a product like DCC, where the world was or a PBQ where we were dependent on 
China, with all these logistics issues with dollar touching almost 77 to 78, it has helped us with 

Page 22 
 
Indian consumers looking at Indian suppliers for these products where they can book us, and we 
can supply them within a week's time. 
 
Rohit Nagraj   
 
Sure. Got it. Thank you so much for all the answers and best of luck. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for this conference. I would 
now like to hand over the floor to the management for closing comments. 
 
Siddharth Sikchi   
 
So, thank you so much to all of you for taking time out understanding, reading our results and 
asking us very interesting questions. I hope I'll again meet you guys next quarter with better 
performance and better result. Thank you so much. Have a good one. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen with this we conclude our conference for today. Thank you 
for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s Conference Call Service. You may all disconnect 
your lines now. Thank you and have a good day everyone. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________________________________________________________ 
                 Note:    1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                              2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
