 
 
 
CIN: - L21012PB1980PLC004329 
 
 
 
SIL/CS       
 
 
Date: 04.05.2022 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
This is in continuation to our earlier notification dated 27.05.2022 regarding 
schedule of earning call on Q4 & 12M FY22.  We are attaching herewith the 
Transcript of the above conference call held on Tuesday, 31st May, 2022 and the 
same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you. 
 Yours faithfully, 
For Satia Industries Limited 
 
 
(Rakesh Kumar Dhuria) 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: 539201 
Symbol: SATIA 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
“Satia Industries Limited Q4 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. K. BHANDARI - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SATIA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RACHIT NAGPAL – CFO, SATIA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Satia Industries Limited Q4 and 12 
months FY20-22 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only-mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on touchtone telephone. Please note this conference is 
being recorded. 
We have with us today from the management Mr. Rachit Nagpal – CFO and Mr. R. K. 
Bhandari – Joint Managing Director. With this I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rachit Nagpal CFO of Satia Industries. Thank you and over to Mr. Nagpal. 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Thank you. Very good afternoon and welcome all participants. Thank you for your time 
and interest in Satia industries Limited. Hope you have gone through our audited financial 
results, earning update for quarter 4 and 12 months ending financial year 2022. 
We are happy to state that we had an extremely good financial year in terms of reaching 
the highest ever revenues and production volume boosted by the newest paper machines 
and our sustained backward integration initiative. 
Coming to the industry’s company outlook: 
As we all know the pulp and paper manufacturing sector is energy and raw material 
intensive and the current quarter was challenging on account of increase in cost for both. 
The reduced availability of key raw material has pushed up input prices exorbitantly. This 
had led to margin compression of most companies despite price hikes. Despite the 
macroeconomic headwinds, we continue to witness a weekly positive demand environment. 
Our company is an agro and wood-based paper pulp producing company and is fully 
backward integrated. Our locational advantage in the wheat belt of India ensure year 
around availability of raw material and our in-house state-of-the-art clean energy 
production capability ensures cheap power availability throughout the year. Further, the 
caustic soda recovery facilities and Eucalyptus plantations based on Karnal technology 
helped us in lowering costs and managing their water discharges in a clean and efficient 
way. 
Looking to the uptrend in paper prices and stabilized raw material prices company hopes 
to maintain the uptrend in the top line and bottom line. Coming to the company 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
performance I hope all of you have gone through the performance results of the company. 
So, please allow me to skip repeating the same.  
Future outlook the company expects further growth in volume for the financial year 23 as 
compared to financial year 22 and expects to produce over 2 lakh tons paper in financial 
year 23 contributing total revenue of around 1400-1500 crores in financial year 23. The 
management expects EBITDA margin of around 20% in the coming year. SIL will 
continue its ongoing efforts in conservation of our environment, use clean modes of energy 
generation and produce responsibly, without any harmful waste being discharged into the 
ecosystem. 
With this I request the floor for any questions on the same or about our company. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Thank you. The first question is from the line of Ashish Gotham an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Gotham: 
So, I just wanted to know what the top line guidance for this particular year is and as you 
heard anything with respect to the ban on plastics from the government in July. Thank 
you. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Top line for next year? 
Ashish Gotham: 
Yes. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, and next year we expect to do over 2 lakh ton of paper and with the current price 
ruling around Rs. 75000 rupees per ton we should be doing anything near 1400-1500 crore 
top line minimum next year and 
Ashish Gotham: 
With the margin guidance for the same? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, and EBITDA we are expecting around 20% 300 crores plus minus and PBT of almost 
12%-13% and PAT of almost 10% plus minus Yes. 
Ashish Gotham: 
Sure, and like anything on the plastic ban? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, plastic ban because everybody is waiting the date that government has announced of 
first July 2022 because people are holding back their decision to invest if government is 
really serious about it or not or they defer this date further, so nobody knows as yet. So, 
we are also waiting with our fingers crossed and once we get that news then this cutlery 
segment could be the next thrust area in our future working Yes. 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from M K P Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers sir. I have a couple of questions. So, primarily 
what I wanted to ask was in the current quarter we saw the interest and depreciation figure 
jump up by a bunch. So, I am guessing that depreciation is from the additional machine 
that you have put in? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, because the machine started in February so the capitalization was done in February 
for so almost one and half months that additional depreciation came. 
Ashish Poladia: 
Correct also sir what about the interest new debt has been added into the company over 
the last quarter? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
New? 
Ashish Poladia: 
New debt has been taken on in the company? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes. The total debt figure as on 26 May was almost 376 crore term loan 
Ashish Poladia: 
Also, Also I think you said your expectant 20% level EBITDA margins for the next year is 
that correct? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suadrshan Padmanabhan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Yes. So, my question is to understand a little bit more on the cost side specifically on the 
fourth quarter. One is you talked about the cost pressure which I would assume would 
have impacted. The second one is when you started the new plant of that one lakh tons. I 
would just like to understand in terms of the margin fall or the cost pressure whichever 
way you call it how much is primarily because of the unabsorbed cost of the new facility 
and how much is because of the inflation cost? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
On the cost side I will give the reply and Rachit will give the second part. If we look at the 
last quarter of financial year 21 our cost increased by almost more than 50% over the last 
quarter of financial year 21 to last quarter of financial year 22 and the price increase was 
almost 36%. So, if I talk about the numbers the cost increase was almost Rs. 21000 per 
tonne and price increase was almost Rs.18000 a tonne. So, that gap of almost 3300 
amounted to almost 800 basis point drop in the EBITDA margin. So, the second part I 
think Rachit you can explain better I think, yes. 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Could you please repeat the second part of your question? 
S. Padmanabhan: 
So, the second part is when I look at the volumes our volumes have gone up of about 9000 
tons if I am comparing it on a year-on-year basis. So, I would assume that a part of it would 
primarily be because of the new facility PM4 coming in. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, that I will explain we started production in February and in February we were 
operating at 43% capacity. In March we were operating at 63% capacity. So, the number 
from the new machine was 8328 ton almost 8300 ton. So, rest was from the old capacity 
and today if I talk of May itself, so we have already reached an average of 194 ton which 
means we are operating at 68% capacity as on date. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sure, and sir just a little question on your guidance running. It was quite interesting to 
note that we had an average realization of 62000 for the full year. I would understand that 
it would be a little bit more towards the fourth quarter but if I go with the guidance, we 
have talked about 750 crores more or less from the new capacity with higher margins 
which basically means we are operating at 75 versus 62. One is the new capacity coming 
with higher realization and better profitability or have we taken a price hike in the make 
which is primarily to 75000? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, it is both because the average if we look at the last quarter price it was already at 
almost Rs. 67000 a ton but if we look year to year basis then there is almost 25% increase 
in prices as on date. So, we are selling some of the varieties of lower GSM and certain 
special qualities PM4 even at a Rs.80000 a ton also. So, as you rightly asked even. So, even 
if I look at my April, May average price for PM4 the realization that I am getting is over 
Rs.79000 a ton because of the better quality, better furnish and better finish and overall 
average we have taken at 75. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sure, and with the price hikes have we been able to pass on the entire cost or because you 
have given us 100 bps margin expansion guidance? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Because we have presumed that the cost increase that happened in the last quarter which 
was almost Rs. 21000 a ton. So, we have moved with the presumption that if our cost which 
is passed on already to the customer is almost 22000 tonne increase and the prices, they 
remain stable on raw material side and chemical side at this level only. So, we should easily 
be able to achieve the numbers that we have given to you. So, we have priced in the cost 
increase of the last quarter in the next financial year Yes. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
All right just one question before I join the queue. This is primarily on the tie-up that we 
have with Zume specifically for the cutlery business. If you can give some colour on the 
unit that we have started there. How is this business expected to clear up and also some 
colour on the kind of contract that we have with them? Is there a minimum off take 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
contract that they are giving with a minimum margin whether they are taking it at a 
minimum EBITDA per kg something around? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
On the cutlery side? 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Yes, on the cutlery side. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Actually, on the cutlery side to be very frank we have been moving little slow at the moment 
because we had been already too engaged without our new 500 crore expansion and 
afterwards now our total focus is as we have been explaining our earlier calls to increase 
our straw pulp production number one from existing 200 to almost 300 tonnes and then 
wood pulping capacity from 150 to 300 ton. So, those projects straw pulp expansion will 
come in mid-June end and wood pulp will come in September. So, that was the priority 
area number one. So, that was the reason we are going little slow on the cutlery segment 
though two machines have been installed. Approvals that different tests got to be done that 
approvals we have received recently all the tests have been cleared and given. So, we are 
now waiting only for because the raw material prices have increased the margins have 
definitely reduced in this cutlery segment. So, we are just waiting for the government’s 
stance on July 1 this year and then we will decide to add new machines and go further with 
strength in this segment. Till then we are keeping our fingers crossed Yes. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from 
Honesty &. Integrity. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Yes, thanks for providing the opportunity. So, in the press release you have mentioned 
about raw material price hike. For agro you have mentioned 65% for wood chips 5% and 
for wastepaper 6.5%. So, this is like year-on-year number or Q-on-Q increase that you 
have mentioned? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
I wouldn’t know where we have mentioned that but Yes We know that raw material prices 
if we look at fourth quarter to this last quarter the raw material prices has gone up almost 
by 24% and fuel cost has growth because we are not using any coal so in our case it has 
gone up by almost 7-8% and chemical has gone up by almost 11% and rest the other stores 
fare and other wages etc. So, our total cost has gone up almost by 44%. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Now what I was trying to understand is that amount the mix that we use. So, agro waste 
that we use and wastepaper that we use and wood chips that we use. So, which has seen 
highest inflation year-on-year basis and Q-on-Q basis, is it agro residue which has seen? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, you are correct it is agro. You have rightly said that agro was earlier average was 
almost Rs. 6000 a ton. Now in the last quarter the price was anywhere around Rs. 12000 a 
ton and even in this year normally during the procurement period the price is anywhere 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
in the range of Rs. 3000-4000 a ton but this year we started with Rs.4000 and at the present 
moment we are buying at almost Rs.9000 a ton. So, the major cost increase has been in the 
wheat straw only yes but since it is almost 40% of our raw material mix. So, the cost impact 
is proportional only Yes. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Correct and as compared to that how much would have been the prices in wastepaper what 
I am actually trying to understand is that because we use agro residue when price rise has 
been exceptionally higher or because of alternative uses of agro residue in power plants. Is 
it that we are facing more cost pressure as compared to the mills who don’t use agro residue 
and that’s why I want to know what is the inflation in wastepaper procurement that you’ve 
seen in wood chips that you use? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, definitely the big mills which have to their disposal vast land bank of good trees. Big 
jungles is at their disposal so they are definitely at an advantage at the moment because  
wood prices haven’t increased to that extent though for them but even if we look at the cost 
of the agro based pulp even at these increased prices it will be still cheaper than the wood 
pulp price that we make in-house. Earlier let’s say if our cost of straw pulp had been 
anywhere around Rs. 28000 a ton. So, now maybe it is Rs. 40000 a ton but if we look at the 
wood chips pulp made in-house. So, the cost could anywhere be around Rs. 50000 a ton. 
So, it is still cheaper than them number one and number two presently with our start of 
new paper machine and with scarcity of paper in the market at the moment maybe the 
price realization that we are getting is sometimes even more than A grade mills in certain 
grades. Earlier the gap was minimum between Rs. 5000-10000 a ton but now that gap is 
not there. So, we are not at any disadvantage but definitely they stand to gain by virtue of 
lower pulping cost their hasn’t increased and they are also increasing their prices though 
B grade mills agro based they have been increasing much earlier because of the compulsion 
that they have but wood-based mills are now following the suit. So, all have increased their 
prices in May, June. In June they are announcing further new by Rs. 5000-7000 a ton in 
that range Yes. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
And secondly because of this capacity which is now we have basically doubled the capacity 
mostly. So, that will for sure increase the requirement of agro residue. So, within our 
catchment is it sufficiently available or do we have to go more far to get the required agro 
residue? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
No there is no issue on that account because even today even if we need almost 500 ton of 
agro raw material our average intake is almost 900-1000 ton every day and we have had 
good stock of almost 15000 ton of wheat straw at the moment. So, we are building up that 
stock we are making the bails of wheat straw so that stocking is easy, and we are able to 
ensure that we do not face any problem later on. So, that is not an issue at the moment. 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee. Please go 
ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Sir you mentioned that our per day capacity is now increased to around 700 tons per day. 
So, what is the normal number of days that we should count while calculating our capacity? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, normally the downtime that we take is 6-7%. So, we take 7% you can easily take 340 
days and this 700-ton capacity is at average GSM of 64 GSM. So, if we make lower 
grammage paper then production reduces. If we make higher GSM paper like when we 
make government paper 80 GSM or 70 GSM, then production increases Yes. So, normal 
average GSM is around 60-61 so the average comes anywhere near 650 or something like 
at full capacity utilization which is not being done at the moment. This year we are taking 
almost 70% capacity utilization for the new machine Yes. 
Manan Shah: 
And also, on the guidance in the press release we mentioned that we plan to sell additional 
one lakh tons and considering that we’ve already sold 143000 tons in the current year. So, 
then the guidance you mentioned or two lakh ton guidance but additional you are saying 
on one hand around one lakh so just a disconnect on that side? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, because already 8000 tons was already there in the last year figures. So, if we subtract 
that comes to almost 92000 tons but the issue is that presently we are able to run the 
machine at 900 metre per minute only. The machine is designed to run at 1100 metre per 
minute as per the original plan. So, certain changes in certain rolls and certain equipment 
have to be done with Allimand company is doing which may take some time which we come 
to know only once we run the machine. Wherever you face certain teething problem. So, 
those correction once done and with that in view we are now taking this conservative 
figure. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay understood and to make this changes in the machine would we require the engineers 
from I believe even purchase the machine from France or the engineer are there locally? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
No, they’ll be again coming from France only. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay understood and I believe we would be making a higher margin paper from a new 
line and also considering you are talking about taking further price hike of around 5000-
7500 per ton. Then considering all these factors any particular reason why is projecting 
only 20% EBITDA margin as against say 23? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
No, I said to be A grade mills the big mills they have already increased some. They have 
already announced some increase in May and some they are planning to do in June which 
could be anywhere totalling around Rs. 7000 a ton. We have already increased our price 
to 75000 ton for the lowest grade of quality but for the higher grades as I earlier for the 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
quality that is made on PM4 even in April and May our price realization be on average 
basis Rs.79000 a ton. So, we have already priced in the increase at the moment. If there is 
any further increase in the prices which may happen looking to the demand side from the 
market as on date in writing and printing segment. So, we presume that there could be 
some increase in the raw materials or chemical prices also. So, that is why we are taking 
that conservative stance Yes. 
Manan Shah: 
Understood. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from M K P Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
Sir what I wanted to ask of course let’s say we are producing one ton of paper how much 
agro and wood pulp do you use on average per ton? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
For one ton of pulp straw pulp is presently almost 48% and wood pulp is almost 42%. 
Manan Poladia: 
Correct also since you’ve done all the CAPEX on the agro and the wood pulp side next 
year how much of your raw material requirement do you think you will have to buy from 
outside? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
The wheat straw will be all available locally and wood chips and veneer waste almost 30% 
will be from the local area and 70% from the farfetched area like Yamuna Nagar, UP J&K 
and all these areas Yes. 
Manan Poladia: 
Okay but sir I am asking like outside of your capacity basically the 200 ton per day agro 
based and the 300 ton per day wood pulp capacity. How much will you have to buy from 
outside like from other vendors? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
No, the pulp we will be only buying 5-10% of softwood pulp just to give further strength 
in certain quality. Rest all will be in-house only. 
Manan Poladia: 
Okay Sir perfect. Thank you. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vishnu Sangla from Full Corporate 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vishnu Sangla: 
I want to know what the current order book in hand with respect is to State Textbook 
Corporation. 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
R. K. Bhandari: 
State Textbook Corporation we have an order of almost 15000 ton in hand and we are 
getting additional order for UP basic supply which the total ton required by the customer 
is almost 30000 ton so we will be getting 10-20% share from that and we are expecting a 
big order from NCRT also in next 10-15 days which could be at a very good price also. So, 
the present is almost 10000-12000 ton in hand which is firmed up already and 6000-7000 
ton from the markets, so it is almost 45-50 days of our production capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suadrshan Padmanabhan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. Mr, Padmanabhan your line is unmuted please go ahead with 
your question. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
My question is slightly to understand this cutlery business or the replacement of plastic a 
little bit more. I understand that Alex Garden – the MD of Zume had talked about 
explosive demand and probably replacing 10 billion to 20 billion in terms of opportunity 
just to understand a little bit better in terms of would price be such a big element when 
you’re talking about such a huge market to be in place and second is with respect to the 
agreement of Zume is it something like you take the technology from Zume basically 
convert these into cutlery and sell a specific quantity at a specific price back to them. So, 
how does this entire thing work and if you can give some colour on the macro side of it? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
To me Zume has though I am nobody to comment on any other company, but Zume had 
their own vision with which that company started this business. Earlier they were not into 
machinery making. So, they were outsourcing the product from Taiwan and China and 
other countries. So, they intended to set up shop in India and ultimately, they entered into 
agreement with us with the presumption that we will scale up this production to a bigger 
quantity once we start the initial trial. So, then the COVID came the things got delayed 
and in the meantime they took almost two years and then set up their own shop in Los 
Angeles where they started their own production and then the same machinery two 
machines with 2 ton capacity were given to us which we installed and commissioned and 
we have been awaiting for this period all health authorities and front tests being conducted 
on the product and the hygiene cleanliness of the total area and that took some time further 
but at the moment if we see these machines that Zume provides they are able to make 
complex design of product also. Normally if we have 9-inch plate, 12-inch plate or a simple 
bowl or these kinds of things. So, these you can make even on semi-automatic and manual 
machines also which are very cheap, but these machines are that they have installed in us. 
So, they can give the products which can be sealed also like we have 750 ml bowl and then 
the lid which seals the product inside the bowl to be a waterproof package for even a curry 
product also. So, that was their idea and with that thought they had in mind it can be this 
product we will be getting much higher price which currently is not happening in India at 
the moment. So, that price which we were expecting for complex items anywhere around 
250 per kg is anywhere around Rs. 200 a kg at the moment because of numbers of players 
that have come in the market number one and number two because there is still not ban 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
on the plastic alternative available which is much cheaper than this product. So, that gap 
is further the availability of the plastic product at the moment single use plastic product at 
the moment is hampering the growth of this market at the moment. So, unless government 
is serious and they implement that ban strictly from first July only then this price will be 
remunerative and the working of more and more entrepreneurs joining with additional 
capacity with the thirst is likely to come in India as I foresee it and moreover Zume they 
have different thoughts on this also to make specialized products like mobile package or 
scoops for Maltova or certain other products which could not be made on the normal semi-
automatic machines. So, if they are able to be to be successful once with single use plastic 
ban which is possible only after that. So, maybe then the price will be much more 
remunerative, and we will not be in the normal line of business where almost already more 
than 60-100 players with small capacity with 10-20 small 500, 200 kg machines are 
operating and selling at anywhere between 160, 180, 200 or any price which they can 
command and with much lower quality also. So, that is the overall scene at the moment 
which is quite confused. So, once this ban comes on first July, I think the real shape will 
come after that only.        
 S. Padmanabhan: 
And what about exports if India is not lucrative is there an opportunity to export anywhere  
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, for export we need to have different registration for Europe you need different 
registration, for US you need different registration number one. Number two we need 
much bigger capacities also because their demand is huge, and they want to divert from 
China to India. So, at the moment because India doesn’t have that kind of capacity to 
generate the range and the quantity that is being looked for by US market. So, maybe not 
too many people are coming in India. So, like we are planning another 4-5 machines so we 
are already talking to one US fellow so whatever fixed products that you want from us you 
just tell us, which will be a regular demand from your side we will buy only those moulds 
and continuously produced for you if have some kind of arrangement based on the cost 
price relationship on a longer perspective. So, that is how we are looking at this business 
and the decision will be made after first July only. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Yes, and sir on the profitability side one you mentioned that the remuneration is not as 
probably great as what you initially thought it is about Rs. 50 per kg but even at that given 
the fact that it is on a ESG platform that people want to move towards green chemistry 
and green packaging on an EBITDA per ton or you talk about even margin should the 
margins be much higher than the 20% around what you’re making currently? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, earlier the expectation was minimum 40% EBITDA but with the almost doubling of 
the raw material price pulp and everything as everybody knows now the final product 
price hasn’t increased to that extent. So, the EBITDA has come down in the recent time 
Yes, to almost 20-25% only which is almost same as in paper product. 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
S. Padmanabhan: 
 One final question from my side is sir now that we’ve taken this debt worth 500 crores on 
the books how we see the cash flows and the debt say over the next 2-3 years because I am 
sure that numbers that you are talking about you are going to see a fair amount debt 
reduction in my opinion at least in close to 100 odd crores kind of cash that would be 
generated on a yearly basis. 
R. K. Bhandari: 
I think Rachit ji you will be able to better explain please. 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, as on date the outstanding debt is 410 crores out of which term loan is around 370 
crores and 40 crores related to short term debt. So, coming to the next three years we have 
an average repayment of around 100 crores each year. So, by the next three years we are 
able to release 30 crores in debts and coming to the disbursement side pending 
disbursement is approx 80-90 crores. So, we are at the peak debt as of now and our next 
year debt I am expecting debt levels at around 370 crores or below. 
Participant: 
And what will be the interest cost on the new debt? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
It is somewhere around 7% 6.5-7%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin A Khandkarr, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Nitin A Khandkarr: 
My first question regarding the CAPEX for how long the capacity of 2.05 lakhs tons will 
suffice to meet customer demand. Secondly the asset turns in FY23, so we are likely to 
clock 1400-1500 crore revenue in FY23 against plant and machinery of around 880 crore 
including capital work in progress. Essentially during a favourable commodity cycle we 
expect to have asset turn of 1.7X is this the best-case scenario for the near future and where 
can the number go by FY25 and my last question what is the capacity utilization level that 
we are targeting for FY24 and 25 assuming current capacity doesn’t increase by then. 
Thank you. 
Rachit Nagpal: 
Yes, answering your fixed assets turnover there are questions like as of now we have one 
is one like our fixed assets is almost 900 crores and that is the turnover. So, coming to the 
next year as we are expectant turnover of around 1500 crores and fixed assets would be 
around 850 crores including the next year depreciation. So, that would be around 
somewhere around 1.8 to 1.9 times and the best ratio we can achieve is 2.2 to 2.5 in the 
coming financial year 24 and what is the next question you have asked? 
Nitin A Khandkarr: 
It was about the capacity utilization level that we are targeting for FY24 and FY24? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, that will be this year we are taking almost 70% capacity utilization so next year we 
presume they will be using 100% capacity. One lakh ton from the new machine and 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
130000, 135000 ton from the old capacity. So, it should be anywhere around 235000 to 
240000 ton in financial year 24 . It should be then almost consistent from that period 
onwards unless some CAPEX in years to come is done on PM3 where there is a margin for 
increasing the speed and increasing the production, but those plans are not yet on. 
Nitin A Khandkarr: 
So, would it be right to say that in the near future the capacity would go up only marginally 
from the current 205000 ton? 
R. K. Bhandari: 
No, it will be almost 20% up it is not margin it is quite significant, I think. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Maheshwari from Strategic Advisor. 
Please go ahead.  
Naman Maheshwari: 
I would like to congratulate the management for achieving highest revenue that is mid-
teen, So, just wanted to understand a couple of points. The first one is what would be the 
capacity breakup from the PM4 in terms of production type whether it would be cup filled 
surface or whether it would wedding card paper or wood kind of paper. So, any idea on 
the that when would achieve? So, the second question would be on biological assets I see a 
significant increase in the value of biological assets. So, just wanted to understand whether 
it represents that the company’s biological assets have gained that means would it be a 
better yield in terms of what cost saving or some better revenue that can be related with 
this size and the third part would be on the backward integration and the process 
enhancement so the capacity addition in terms of boiler, caustic soda recovery and the 
REC credit that we enjoy so can I have a brief overview on all the three points?         
R. K. Bhandari: 
Yes, regarding the breakup PM4 products. So, we plan to make that we have seen that our 
new machine runs fantastic even at very low GSM. Normally no big mill with good 
furnished makes paper of 45 or 50 GSM which is in very good demand in export market. 
So, we plan to have almost 20% production of paper below 50 GSM and when secondly 
there is a very high demand of surface-sized paper in 54 GSM which only Ballarpur was 
making earlier. No other mill is making surface-sized paper in 54 GSM. So, we are 
planning to introduce surface-sized paper even in 52 GSM. 54 GSM we have already 
introduced surface-sized paper and we are planning to introduce surface-sized paper in 52 
GSM also, in lower GSM also which is again a very potential market in publishing as well 
as in notebook high priced notebook’s segment and third is the surface-sized paper in 
heavy GSM which is 70, 80, 90 and 110 so that will be another 20/25% and then we may 
make copier paper another 10-20% on PM4 and maybe the cup stock paper we may 
restrict to PM3 which was the old machines. So, that product is already very well accepted. 
So, we may continue with the cup stock paper on PM3 the old machine. So, this will be the 
more or less 20% lower GSM below 50 GSM, 20-25%, 50-54 surface-sized and rest 
Maplitho and copier paper and as far your second question biological asset this value has 
gone up because as the age of the plant matures from 3-4 years to 4-5 year or 4-5,5-6 year 

 
Satia Industries Ltd. 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
it grows in size. So, we have almost two lakh plants the value that we have given is almost 
37 crores. So, since the age of the plant has increased. So, per plant value is almost Rs. 1850 
per plant. So, the weight of per plant is almost 3 quintal 300 kg. So, the cost is almost Rs. 
6 a kg as on date for the raw wood. So, that is how this price calculation is done and 
depending upon the age and the maturity of the wood. So, we as per this age we increase 
the value of these biological assets and the third you asked about the backward integration. 
So, presently since we are operating at lower capacity as far as PM4 is concerned at only 
70% capacity. So, we have 200 ton of agro average and the 150 ton of wood pulp average 
so which we are increasing to 300-ton wood pulp and agro we are increasing to 250-300 
ton. So, with this 600 ton in-house pulping capacity we don’t need any outside buy of pulp 
substitute. The only pulp if we want to add to the quality, we may require the softwood 
pulp or BCTMP pulp which used in the copier paper.                    
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Bhandari for his closing comments over to you sir. 
R. K Bhandari: 
Yes. Thank you very much and thank you for your participation and we assure that we 
are doing our best and I think since there hasn’t been much investment in writing and 
printing segment in the recent year and markets both indigenously and exports as you 
must have read in the papers also the export demand has increased tremendously by 
almost 30-35% and the major part is coming from writing and printing also which has 
increased by almost 90-100% over the last year. So, I think we have entered the market at 
the right time. Our total production is already absorbed from the day one. We haven’t lost 
a single ton of paper made on this machine. We haven’t re-pulped anything. So, that way 
we hope that we come up to the expectation of the market and the investors. Thank you 
for your interest welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Satia 
Industries Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
