 
 
June 2, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on May 27, 2022. 
We are enclosing herewith the ‘Transcript’ of Earnings Conference Call organized on May 27, 2022 post 
declaration of audited Financial Results of the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2022.
 
 
Please take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
 
Anusha Kanumuru 
Company Secretary 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Company Code No. VIJAYA 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code No. 543350 

 
 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call  
 
Page 1 of 13 
i       
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited (VDCL) 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
May 27, 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call 
of Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
                                           
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre’s Q4 and FY’22 earnings conference call. We have with us 
Ms. Suprita Reddy, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sunil Chandra, Executive 
Director; Mr. Narasimha Raju, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Siva Rama Raju, Head 
of Strategy; and Mr. Krishna Kiran, Investor Relation of the Company.  
 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management followed by 
interactive Q&A session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared 
with you earlier. 
                                         
I would now like to invite Ms. Suprita Reddy to make her opening remarks. 
Suprita Reddy:  
Thanks, Anoop. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining this call. I hope 
all of you and your families are safe and doing well.  
 
I will present the highlights for the full-year and the fourth quarter of financial 
year 2022 and our action plan for growth.  
 
For the financial year 2022, our revenues increased by 23% to Rs. 462 crore, 
driven by a strong growth of 26% in our non- covid  business. EBITDA crossed a 
milestone of Rs. 200 crore and reported Rs. 204 crore. EBITDA margins stood 
at 44.1% of revenue. We are happy to share that we have crossed a landmark 
of Rs. 100 crore in profit after tax and reported Rs. 110 crore with a net profit 
margin of 23.7%.  

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 2 of 13 
 
In Q4 of financial year 2022, our revenue grew 4% to Rs. 116 crore, owing to 
significant impact on non- covid business in January and partly in February due 
to covid third wave Omicron. However, business bounced back during March. 
We added six spoke centers, taking our total centre count to 95, comprising 24 
hubs and 71 spokes as on March 31, 2022. Commissioning of a new state-of-
the-art hub center at Rajahmundry got slightly delayed due to covid. We expect 
this to happen in the current quarter. 
                                              
Development of a fully functional mobile and progressive web application, 
comprehensive AI enabled WhatsApp chatbot, and other digital initiatives are 
almost close to completion, and we expect to launch them in a couple of 
months.  
 
The recent past has seen an increase in competition and a change in the 
dynamics of the diagnostic space, owing to the pandemic. Added to this, there 
has also been a surge in cost of consumables and logistics. However, we firmly 
believe that this is just a temporary phase and are confident that we will be 
able to surmount these challenges. 
                                              
In an attempt to acquire customers, some of the companies and aggregators 
are resorting to offering huge discounts, but the fact of the matter is healthcare 
is need based, and trust among doctors and patients and service quality is the 
key  more than the price. 
 
Though there could be an impact in the short term, we expect the industry to 
grow and expand, providing opportunities to organized companies like us, to 
maintain and steadily grow our market share in the medium and the long-term.  
 
Moreover, Vijaya offers integrated diagnostic services, deriving 35% of revenue 
from radiology, which is insulated from the competition. We clearly 
differentiate ourselves from other players by concentrating our focus on B2C 
business, leading to a significant brand recall.  
 
Though the recent changes in the dynamics of the industry bring with them an 
element of uncertainty, we are confident that our strategic plan will enable us 
to stand out as a provider of trusted diagnostic services and to maintain our 
pace of growth. Also, we are going to expand in potential Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities 
of our core and adjacent geographies, which are untapped and believe that this 
will help us to grow and stay ahead of competition. 
 
We are happy to share that the Board of Directors have recommended a 
dividend of 100% of face value of Rs. 1 each. Regarding expansion, we will 
maintain our stance of systematic and informed expansion in core geographies, 
across Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. In the last financial year, we have added 
15 centers, comprising 3 hubs and 12 spokes. We have also upgraded a spoke 
into a hub this year.  

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 3 of 13 
 
Our expansion plans for the coming year are very much in place and we plan to 
expand by 15 more centers. We plan to consolidate our presence by adding 
more hub centers in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities in coming years. 
 
Mr. Narasimha Raju, our CFO, will now make the detailed presentation on the 
company's financial performance for the period. 
Narasimha Raju: 
Thank you, madam. A warm welcome to everyone on the call.  
 
I will now summarize our performance for financial year 2022.  
 
The number of footfalls have increased by 38% year-on-year from 2.63 million 
to 3.62 million. Number of tests also up by 31% year-on-year from 7.09 million 
to 9.32 million. Revenue per test was Rs. 496 and revenue per footfall was Rs. 
476.  
 
Consolidated revenue increased by 23% year-on-year from Rs. 377 crore to Rs. 
462 crore. The growth was largely driven by 26% year-on-year growth in non-
Covid business. Non-Covid business increased from Rs. 312 crore to Rs. 393 
crore. Covid and Covid-allied business marginally increased by 8% from Rs. 64 
crore to Rs. 69 crore. The contribution from Covid and Covid-allied test has 
come down from approximately 17% of revenue to 15% of revenue. Our B2C 
share stood healthy at 94%.  
 
EBITDA grew by 23% to Rs. 204 crore from Rs. 166 crore in the corresponding 
previous year. EBITDA margin stood at 44.1% and profit after tax was Rs. 110 
crore. Return on equity for the current period was 23% and pre cash ROCE was 
38%. 
 
I will now discuss the quarterly performance.  
 
Number of footfalls for the quarter under review increased by 8% year-on-year 
from 0.89 million to 0.96 million. Number of tests also up by 3% year-on-year 
from 2.38 million to 2.45 million. Revenue per test was Rs. 474 and revenue 
per footfall was Rs. 1,212. Due to Omicron, number of test per footfall 
impacted from 2.69 to 2.55.  
 
Consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 116 crore, an increase of 4% for 
corresponding previous period. Non- covid revenue declined marginally by 2% 
year-on-year from Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 98 crore. Due to Omicron, the revenue 
of non-Covid business in January and also the first half of February were 
impacted. Covid and Covid-allied business increased by 54% from around Rs. 
12 crore in Q4 of the last year to around Rs. 18 crore in the current year Q4. 
The contribution from Covid and Covid-allied test has increased from 10% of 
revenue in Q4 of last year to 15% of revenue in Q4 of the current financial year. 
 
Our B2C share in Q4 of current financial year stood at again 95%.  

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 4 of 13 
 
EBITDA margin was impacted as compared to last year Q4 to current year Q4 
due to couple of points, like reduction in gross margin due to Omicron impact 
in the current quarter that is higher revenue from low margin Covid RTPCR test. 
And the second one is employee cost, due to strengthening of our mid to senior 
management team considering our expansion plans for next couple of years 
and also as you know, we have added 15 new centers in the last financial year 
and also few more centers are there in the pipeline. And also, a bit of increase 
in AMC and CMC charges for the radiology equipment as some of this 
equipment moved out of warranty period and also due to few corporate 
provisions at the year-end since the Company is listed in this year. 
 
And EBITDA for the current quarter was Rs. 48 crore as against Rs. 54 crore in 
the corresponding previous period. And the profit after tax stood at Rs. 24 
crore.  
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of this financial year was Rs. 247 crore as 
against Rs. 235 crore as at the end of December, 2021. During the current 
quarter, fixed asset addition was approximately Rs. 19 crore out of which Rs. 
13 crore was for setting up of six new spokes and addition of new equipment’s 
at some of the existing centers and remaining Rs. 6 crore is for setting up of a 
state-of-the-art facility for technical staff training, learning and development 
and expansion of corporate office. 
 
I now request the moderator to open the forum for question from audience. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my end. Q4, we have 
seen non- covid revenues declined 2%. So, if you could give some sense on the 
decline in terms of pathology or radiology and how is the start been to the 
current financial year in terms of the non-Covid revenues? What kind of growth 
are we expecting in non-Covid revenues? What are we doing to grow non- 
Covid revenues? 
Sivaramaraju V:  
So, Prakash, the major reduction is on account of radiology, because as we have 
already told and we have experienced that due to Omicron there were  less 
footfalls at branches in January and till mid of February. So, radiology is a space 
where you cannot do something like  a home scan or a home collection kind of 
thing. So that was the reason radiology got more affected. But however, we 
have seen some of the demand coming in radiology in the month of March. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 5 of 13 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And going forward if you could comment on how are we planning to grow 
non-covid revenues in FY’23 and beyond? Your PPT does mention about foray 
into the East, so if you could comment on Eastern market opportunity. What is 
our go to market strategy? Is it you know building B2B, showing capability then 
going B2C or is just targeting B2C? 
Suprita Reddy: 
I would not be able to comment on the future per se, but definitely going to 
East and making it a second market has been our priority, like we have 
mentioned earlier. We have, in fact, tried to close down leases in few of these 
locations. And our go to market strategy has always been for Vijaya as an 
integrated diagnostic to go and actually earn the customers’ respect and trust 
and the consultants. So, it's always been a B2C. So, we try to actually go in with 
this large format center of a hub with the advanced radiology and the high-end 
lab and after that stabilize it, we start adding spokes and we service these 
customers directly. And that has been the strategy even now for the East. And 
we are more or less on the verge of finalizing a few locations for this which 
probably will be more concrete for us to give details in the next call. But it's 
always been B2C as a priority. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. And lastly from my side, in terms of capital allocation, what is the policy 
from a dividend, regular capex, inorganic, what is the Board thinking in terms 
of our capital allocation? 
Sunil Chandra: 
So, Prakash, I think even when we listed this question came up. People asked 
us what we want to do with the cash that the Company has. And we mentioned 
that obviously there is an existing expansion strategy and since the Company 
has good cash flows, that is comfortably met even through our profitability. So, 
the idea was to use the cash on the books for possible inorganic opportunities 
also. We were evaluating. We continue to evaluate. But as you will appreciate 
better than us, it's been a very choppy time. So, valuations also have been 
changing quite significantly. But we are very keen that if we get a good asset 
that meets our kind of B2C strategy and has an integrated or enjoys a good 
brand in any of our focus markets, we are very keen to look at such 
opportunities. Other than that… 
Prakash Kapadia: 
It could been in South or in East India, the inorganic one. 
Sunil Chandra: 
Excuse me. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sorry. We lost you there Prakash. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I am saying the inorganic opportunity could be explored in South as well as East 
or East? 
Sunil Chandra: 
Yes. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Not necessarily in South is what I was trying to understand. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 6 of 13 
Suprita Reddy: 
No, Prakash. In fact, even in adjacent geographies, which typically are the 
bordering States of Andhra and Telangana, like we mentioned, which are our 
co-geographies of interest. So, some parts of Karnataka and Maharashtra also 
come into that region. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And the dividend payout, is there a ratio of console PAT or something 
which the Board has approved? 
Narasimha Raju: 
So, Prakash, the current year, the dividend payout is approximately 9% of the 
PAT. So, as per the Board's expectation, the first priority is towards utilization 
of the cash reserves for the organic growth that is for setting up of the new 
centers. But at the same time at least like a 10%,  threshold that was discussed 
in the meeting and then we gave 9% of our PAT and going forward again we 
will reevaluate this. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure, sure. And what would be the capex plan for FY’23? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Yes. So, the capex plan for this FY’22-‘23, the current plan is to open at least 
like 4 hubs and then 12 spokes,   for the current financial year. And as of now, 
we are already working on four hubs and we are also about to finalize,  a few 
more hubs in the new geographies. And out of all these hubs, except like one 
or two hubs,  those will be coming up in Hyderabad, but others will be coming 
up outside Hyderabad. And what we are doing is in couple of hub centers, 
generally the typical capex in one hub center is Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 13 crore with 
advanced radiology model modalities, like an MRI-CT. But to come up with a 
differentiation in few markets, not in all the markets, in one place, we are 
coming up with a gamma camera, in one of a very good center in Punjagutta 
we are having plans to add two more things like PET-CT and gamma camera, 
because we see a lot of demand for PET-CT. At our flagship center, patients 
wait for two days in fact. So that's the reason why we are planning for two 
more additional facilities like PET-CT and gamma camera at one of the hub 
centers that we are planning in Hyderabad. So, the typical capex for a hub 
center is generally Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 13 crore and what we are seeing is,  
slightly the capex costs are going up, that's what we hear from the vendors in 
the last one, two months because of the whatever logistics cost and also the 
forex rate is going up. And also considering these new modalities also that are 
there, which we are very confident that it'll help on our topline growth going 
forward, because these hubs, what happened is once these stabilize over a 
period of like two years,  they'll start giving adequate top line growth. So 
considering as of now like 4 hubs and like 8 to 10 spokes where we are currently 
working, we expect at least like,  between somewhere around like Rs. 90 crore 
to Rs. 110 crore capex we are expecting considering even the modalities like 
PET-CT, gamma camera, etc. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshu Dayani from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Anshu Dayani:  
Thanks for taking my question. I had one question on the home collection. 
What percentage of our revenues would be from home collection? And what 
are the unit economics for the home collection stream if we can explain that 
also. 
Sivaramaraju V:  
So during FY’22, the revenue from home collection was about 2.5% on our total 
revenue, which would be about close to 4% on pathology revenue. And coming 
to unit economics there will not be any change, because we typically charge 
per collection, because so when we go for a home visit the cost that we incur 
on home visit is being charged with the customer. So, there is no change in the 
unit economics.  
Anshu Dayani: 
So, the pricing to the customer is higher that includes… 
Suprita Reddy: 
No, Anshu, the pricing of the diagnostic services to the customer remains the 
same and additional fees charged as a convenience fee for the phlebotomy 
going and collecting the sample from the house, which is treated differently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalini Gupta from East India 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
I just wanted to understand, when you are talking about your digital strategy, 
what exactly are you doing and what kind of impact will it have on your 
business? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes, Shalini. So, I'll take that. So, the digital strategy is something that we have 
already mentioned. So, we have an app that is getting built actually because of 
the high B2C business that we have 95% coming in, 10,000 customers a day and 
that data with us. What this app will typically do is give value added 
suggestions, recommendations, reminders. So, this is a dedicated app which 
will typically, if you look at, I'll give you a few examples here. If I'm a chronic 
illness patient, like a diabetic patient, I would be able to see my entire one year, 
one and a half years of my graph of how my sugar levels have been doing, a 
reminder every 90 days for an HbA1c to come. Even though we would not want 
to do cross selling or up-selling through the app, we would want to give value 
to our customer in terms of how he's being able to manage his diagnostic tests. 
And also, a few more things like for a hormonal patient, probably an ovulation 
tracker. He can book an ambulance if he wants to come in for a radiology test. 
We offer all ambulance at free of cost at Vijaya Diagnostic. So, they could be 
able to actually book that. If you look at lipid profiles, maybe measuring your 
cholesterol levels across all of these years or the last six months, setting a 
reminder for a test, booking of a home collection. So, this is all that has actually 
been built into this app. And this will, and he can view his reports. We actually 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 8 of 13 
have online reports from the last 10 years. But on this app he can actually save 
it, compare it, share it, and all those features are going to be available 
specifically on this app. 
Sivaramaraju V:  
And just to add, Shalini, and also maybe we might not have this feature in the 
first phase, but in the second phase, he can build his own health package. We 
want to make health package more meaningful. And we say meaningful 
because you know depending on his family history or his medical history right, 
the mix of both radiology and pathology, because no health checkup is 
complete without radiology. So, we are also getting that feature. As of now 
none of the other players have this feature. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khandelwal from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
So since Vijaya is different from other listed diagnostic players having both 
radiology and pathology, so just wanted to understand the kind of customer 
we attract to. What proportion of our customers would do both radiology and 
pathology and what proportion would only come from pathology? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Aditya, I think I did get your question. So, for us radiology and pathology is a 
combined testing. We do not look at patients coming in for pathology and 
radiology differently. On an overall level 65% of our business comes in from 
pathology and 35% comes in from radiology. This is also because Aditya 
sometimes what happens is if I come in today for an ultrasound alone and they 
find an abnormality and I go back to a consultant, I am probably referred  for 
another two, three blood tests and a radiology procedure for the next visit. So 
we cannot identify this particular customer as how many times has he come 
for path or radiology. So on an overall level, it is 65%, 35%. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Okay. My next question is the cost of setting up of spoke is around Rs. 1 crore 
to Rs. 2 crore and a hub is Rs. 10 crore to Rs. 12 crore, so just wanted to 
understand what is the average payback period for the centers and what time 
generally does a center reach its breakeven level in terms of patient footfalls? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sure. Aditya, I think Raju will explain that unit economics. 
Narasimha Raju: 
So, Aditya, if you look at our business model, we have two type of center 
formats. One is the spoke center format. The other one is the hub center 
format. But typically for a spoke center format where you need like capex of 
Rs. 90 lakhs to around Rs. 1.1 crore that's the capex that you need. And what 
we have seen historically is that the P&L breakeven happens in the first three 
to four months. And the kind of revenue that we get is approximately 
somewhere around like Rs. 2 crore of the revenue that we get, once it reaches 
a stable state in a year's time. And based on this what we expect is within like 
18 months, we get the payback for this initial investment of Rs. 90 lakh to Rs. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 9 of 13 
1.1 crore for this type of a spoke center. And then coming to the hub center 
format, which is a large center format with around like 7,000 to 9,000 square 
feet facility with the entire advanced radiology modalities up to MRI and CT 
plus basic radiology, like ultrasound x-ray, etc. So, for this type of facility 
typically you need somewhere around like Rs. 12 crore of capex. And if you 
want to set up a lab over there in the same facility when you go to a new 
geography, then it might come to like approximately like a Rs. 13 crore of 
capex. And for this type of investment, generally the hub takes time slightly 
higher than the spoke center. So, at least like a one year or one and a half year 
to stabilize and then be in a position to add the spokes around it. So, what we 
expect for a hub center is that we need to look at like a cluster format, a hub 
along with three to four spoke centers once they stabilize. So, if you look at 
that type of format, then typically like a three to four years is the payback 
period that we look at for this initial investment of Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 13 crore 
of capex. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Right. And sir briefly, breakeven and the return on capex is similar for centers 
that we open in Hyderabad and outside Hyderabad.  
Narasimha Raju: 
So, typically, I think what you are asking, Aditya, is whether the breakeven is 
different for centers in Hyderabad and outside Hyderabad, right? 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Yes. 
Narasimha Raju: 
So, in the past what we have seen Aditya is that typically the center, the typical 
P&L breakeven happens in three to four months, either a small center or the 
hub center, but outside Hyderabad generally, might take few more months, 
depending upon the geography and the way it's going to ramp up, but not more 
than like a six-month sort of thing. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Yes. Our non-covid revenue was around Rs. 400 crore this year. So, what kind 
of revenue growth are you expecting over the next two to three years and what 
kind of growth will be coming from our matured  centers and newer centers, if 
you could throw some light on this? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sure. Let me first just give you some guidance and Siva would give the numbers. 
So, like in the past, we are committed to execute that plan of actually opening 
that 15 centers every year. And we have seen a delay of three to four months 
in opening a few centers due to Covid. However, we are very confident about 
these expansion plans in the Tier 2, Tier 3, adjacent geographies and in the East. 
It will be difficult now maybe to give you any specific number, but assuming 
that there are no further Covid waves and difficulties, we should be back to our 
pre-covid growth rates in a couple of quarters. We have already closed like Raju 
had mentioned earlier four hub centers and eight spoke centers and we are 
almost finalizing another two to three hub centers and a few spoke centers. So 
of all these hub centers, except one or two are going to be coming up in this 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 10 of 13 
co-geography of Hyderabad. Everything else is outside of Hyderabad. So, if you 
are looking at some of these centers, if you look at Rajahmundry, it's close to 
about 150 to 200 kilometers, there's no other center of Vijaya around there. 
Now you are looking at two or three centers coming up in the East, one or two 
coming up in the adjacent geographies. So, these are all new untapped 
markets, and we will have to start and probably give some time for them to 
stabilize to add on spokes. If you'd like to add something Siva. 
Sivaramaraju V: 
Yes. Just to add, so, currently we get about 82% to 84% of revenue from 
Hyderabad. But as the plan is to open more and more hub centers in Tier 2, Tier 
3 cities, maybe next in three to four years’ time, we expect the revenues from 
Hyderabad to be around say some 70 to 73 levels, and then the major 
contribution would be coming from these new geographies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Namit Mehta from KC Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
Namit Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. First one, just how are you seeing 
competitive intensity generally in your co-region, so Hyderabad as well as other 
areas in Andhra and Telangana? 
Sunil Chandra:  
So, yes, Namit, I think competitive intensity right now maybe because of covid 
induced, there's been a lot of activity in the digital aggregator space and some 
of, of course, on one side the unorganized sector is struggling. They did not 
benefit during Covid and they were hit badly. But there is some amount of price 
measure basically. But I feel that this is not a very long-term phenomenon, 
because healthcare is a little more complex. It's not a kind of business where 
you can just do price cuts and acquire, you know it's not just a customer 
acquisition cost. There is a delivery and fulfillment piece, and you know unless 
the patient also feels that the reports are reliable and they can trust the center, 
price is not the only factor. But right now, yes, there is some amount of, I would 
say, competition. There is some amount of price cutting by various online 
platforms or aggregators. But we haven't, we don't see that as a very big 
concern for us. 
Namit Mehta: 
Do you see the biggest competition coming from the online aggregators or do 
you also see local startups and private equity funded local guys also competing 
significantly? 
Sunil Chandra: 
So we have always fair, I mean, our experience and in fact, what we even 
mentioned during our IPO roadshows, was that capital is not the constraint in 
growing this business. So it's not that if I had 10 times more capital, I could 
open a 100 centers. It's about getting the right location, getting staff, training 
them, opening the center, stabilizing operations. So that is an operational 
constraint rather than a capital constraint. So, we still feel that is the real 
challenge. And again, anybody who wants to just open a new center or a new 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 11 of 13 
Company, it'll take them a long time to get some of these operational 
infrastructure in place, rather than just buying equipment. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Also, Namit what happens is, it's just not about like Sunil mentioned pricing and 
also competition has never been new to the market. And most diagnostics are 
either PE funded or unorganized or the larger chains doing more of B2B 
business. So, if you look at the uniqueness of Vijaya’s model is, it basically wants 
to connect directly to the customer. That's why we have always been above 
90% of our business coming in from these customers. Even the digital app that 
somebody asked is something that we connect with them directly, and that 
adds value to them. What typically happens in an aggregator business or a B2B 
business is we do not know who the end user is, who the customer is. So, the 
most important thing that we actually have focused on is to gain the trust of 
the customer and also the acceptability and the high quality of the reports that 
we deliver. So, if you look at just other than the wellness bit of it, the test menu 
is very important, and we have a large test menu which offers high-end tests 
and being integrated we do the highest number of specialized tests even when 
it comes to radiology, and they need to come in visit a center. That is why we 
are very confident that probably a couple of quarters would be a little slow, but 
it will definitely bounce back. We are very confident on that. 
Namit Mehta: 
Makes sense. Just a quick one on that, how important do you view the role of 
the doctor and the decision making in the process, especially for acute and 
chronic and not so much for the wellness segment, as you mentioned? And in 
that context, do you view yourself as a B2D2C brand and Company in a sense, 
or is you’re connect more directly with the end customer, like you alluded to 
right now? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Our connect is always been with the end customer and we also make sure that 
we are very actively involved with the consultants because of the technology 
and the, see what happens is if you look at, like we mentioned, when it comes 
to neurology and radiology, we do the highest number of specialized cases in 
the neurology. So, if you look at Epilepsies we've become the gold standard. 
It's just not that we get cases from Hyderabad or Andhra and Telangana, we 
sometimes get cases even from Maharashtra, Gujarat those regions. So, most 
of these consultants, when it comes to a few tests, it goes unanswered that the 
accepted report from Vijaya just not here, but in most geographies of the 
country. And when you look at just B2B, even if you look at the radiology bit of 
it, we have seen a lot of players that who have coming to the radiology space 
with the same discounted model and they are not new, they have been around 
for about four, five years. They have been part of our geography and other 
geographies. But we have not seen that impact our business. So, at the end of 
it, I think it's also the three things, the acceptability, the quality and the trust 
of that patient. So, it again comes back to that. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 12 of 13 
Namit Mehta: 
Understood. Thanks. And just last question from my side. Does anything 
change in with regards to your strategy and how you view this current 
situation? Whether it’s on the pricing side or it’s on your digital, you’ve talked 
about or any other aspects of your customer engagement strategies and so on? 
Sunil Chandra: 
So, Namit, I think Suprita had mentioned this new web, our mobile and the app, 
where we are doing a lot of interesting things, so that should be out shortly. 
And again, that's not so much about price, it's more about value-added services 
for our customers who are already using services they can do various things, 
book test, book an ambulance, store their data, see analytics on the data so on. 
Price, as of now, as I had mentioned, I think, some aggregators who are trying 
to just indulge in, firstly most of the aggregators they outsource everything. 
They go to a third-party to collect samples. They go to another lab and ask them 
to run it. And if they are offering a low price, it is purely a customer acquisition 
strategy, which I don't think is going to work in this segment for a long-term. 
On a lighter note, maybe we'll report, Raju can report our numbers in zero and 
one’s next time, because everybody's right now asking us only about digital. 
But we feel it's a short-term thing and only, I mean, as of now, we are not doing 
any discounting in response to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khandelwal from 
Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Thanks for the follow up. I just wanted to understand a bit on such growth in 
new diagnostic centers. Are we seeing any shortage of technicians or 
radiologists around? Are we seeing any trend of companies paying higher 
salaries for these people? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes, Aditya. So, we do not see too much of attrition in the high-end staff, the 
radiologist, and the consultants. Industry average acquisition is there in the 
lower end pyramid of your probably billing executives and that level, but that's 
well managed and we don't see that to be a huge concern going forward, at 
least at the moment. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
Right. And what is the share of revenues in preventive test in our total revenue? 
Sivaramaraju V: 
So, in overall revenue for Q4, maybe Q3 is the correct quarter to see, because 
that was an non-covid quarter. So, about 8% of our revenue was from wellness. 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
So are we looking to do this segment because major of the competition is 
targeted… 
Sivaramaraju V: 
So, if you see pre-covid was about 10% of the revenue and now because you 
also know that because of this corporate, work from home etc., there was drop 
in wellness segment, but we expect this segment to grow. 

 
Transcript of VDCL Q4 & FY22 Earnings Call 
 
        Page 13 of 13 
Aditya Khandelwal: 
But actually, you don't see any competition from online aggregators for this 
segment. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sorry, Aditya, we are unable to hear you… 
Sivaramaraju V: 
So, Aditya the one differentiating factor is like no wellness is complete without 
radiology. There might be some competition from aggregators in this wellness 
segment. But however, we feel without even getting a x-ray test or say 
ultrasound, you cannot say that you're fully fit. So being a differentiated player 
that this should be a short-term effect. We feel that our wellness will grow. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Thank you everyone for being with us on this call today. Wishing you and your 
family's good health and safety. I will now request the moderator to close the 
call and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vijaya Diagnostic Center Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
