 
 
June 2, 2022 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P.J.Towers- 25th floor 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
 
 
    
 
         Scrip Code: 500830 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
The Manager – Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
 
            Symbol: COLPAL 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block – G 
 
 
 
 
 
            Series: EQ 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Investors’ call- Transcript  
 
In furtherance to our letter dated May 26, 2022, please find attached transcript of Investor call held 
on May 26, 2022 on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2022. 
 
The link to view the video of the aforesaid investor  call is given below: 
 
https://www.colgateinvestors.co.in/presentation-to-analyst/presentation-details-2022/  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Surender Sharma 
Whole-time Director- Legal &  
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F8913 
 
Encl: a/a 
SUREND
ER 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by SURENDER 
SHARMA 
Date: 
2022.06.02 
18:20:32 +05'30'

 “Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited Investor 
 Conference Call” 
 May 26, 2022 
 M ANAGEMENT : 
 M R . A RVIND  C HINTAMANI  – V ICE  P RESIDENT 
 (M ARKETING ), C OLGATE -P ALMOLIVE  (I NDIA ) L IMITED 
 M R . M.S. J ACOB  – C HIEF  F INANCIAL  O FFICER , 
 C OLGATE -P ALMOLIVE  (I NDIA ) L IMITED 
 M S . S UJATA  N AIRI  – A SSOCIATE  D IRECTOR  (C OMMERCIAL 
 F INANCE  & I NVESTOR  R ELATIONS ), C OLGATE -P ALMOLIVE 
 (I NDIA ) L IMITED 
 Page  1  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 Moderator: 
 Ladies  and  gentlemen  good  day  and  welcome  to  the  Colgate  Palmolive  India  Limited  investor 
 conference call for the financial year 2021-2022. 
 Please  note  that  the  conference  call  will  include  forward-looking  statements.  These  statements 
 are  made  on  the  basis  of  the  company's  views  and  assumptions  as  of  this  time  and  are  not 
 guarantees of future performance. 
 As  a  reminder  all  participant  lines  will  be  in  the  listen-only  mode  and  there  will  be  an 
 opportunity  for  you  to  ask  questions  after  the  presentation  concludes.  At  that  time,  you  may 
 click  on  the  audio  question  tab  below  the  media  player  or  you  may  type  your  questions  and 
 submit  via  text.  Participants  connected  via  telephone  call  may  enter  ‘*’  and  ‘1’  on  your  touch 
 tone  telephone  to  ask  a  question.  Should  you  need  assistance  during  the  conference,  please 
 signal  an  operator  by  pressing  ‘*’  then  ‘0’  on  your  touch  tone  telephone.  Please  note  that  this 
 conference is being recorded. 
 Joining  us  today  from  Colgate-Palmolive  (India)  Limited  team  is  Mr.  Arvind  Chintamani  - 
 Vice  President,  Marketing,  Mr.  M.S.  Jacob  -  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Ms.  Sujata  Nairi  - 
 Associate Director (Commercial Finance & Investor Relations). 
 Today's  session  will  begin  with  a  brief  presentation  by  the  speakers  sharing  their  views  on  the 
 overall  company's  performance  and  strategy.  This  will  be  followed  by  the  Q&A  session.  I  now 
 handover the proceedings to Mr. Arvind Chintamani. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 Thanks  Inba  and  good  afternoon,  everyone.  Hope  you're  all  doing  well.  You  had  a  good  day 
 and  you  and  your  families  have  been  keeping  safe  and  healthy.  Welcome  to  the  call.  I'll  begin 
 by drawing your attention to the safe harbor statement. 
 Before  I  go  into  the  presentation,  remind  us  all  that  we  are  in  the  midst  of  a  leadership  change. 
 Here  at  Colgate,  we're  extremely  proud  that  Ram  has  been  promoted  to  lead  the  newly  set  up 
 global  enterprise  Oral  Care  for  Colgate-Palmolive,  another  feather  in  the  cap  for  us  at  Colgate 
 India  as  talent  continues  to  do  well.  We  are  equally  excited  to  welcome  Prabha  Narasimhan, 
 who  will  join  Colgate  India  as  Managing  Director  and  CEO  effective  September  1  st  .  We're 
 looking  forward  to  having  Prabha  with  us.  She  brings  a  rich  and  diverse  experience  and 
 understanding  across  categories  in  this  country.  We  are  looking  forward  to  the  new  perspective 
 to drive our growth ambitions. So welcome to Prabha. 
 With  that  I  want  to  highlight  some  of  the  key  things  that  we  are  looking  at  across  our  business; 
 starting  with  ‘Brand  Health’  which  of  course  is  the  most  important  thing  for  us  to  be  focusing 
 on to build a sustainable business. 
 The  first  measure  is  top  of  mind  ‘Awareness’.  This  is  a  really  critical  measure  for  us.  It's  a 
 measure  of  which  brand  are  people  thinking  of  first  when  they  think  of  the  category  and  our 
 top-of-mind  brand  awareness  for  Colgate  stands  at  71%  in  Quarter  1  of  2022,  this  is  700  basis 
 points  above  where  we  were  a  couple  of  years  back.  And  if  you  think  about  our  trade  structure 
 Page  2  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 in  India  which  is  a  mom  and  pop  trade  structure,  the  self-service  trade  structure  where  you  can 
 see  the  product,  what  is  in  the  mind  becomes  the  most  important  factor  in  what  people  ask  for. 
 Top  of  mind  awareness  is  an  extremely  critical  measure  and  we  are  going  strength-to-strength. 
 In  fact,  these  numbers  are  the  highest  we've  had  in  the  last  5  years.  So  very  strong  ‘Brand 
 Health’  over  there  and  this  reflects  in  behavior.  If  you  look  at  the  next  number  there,  which  is 
 ‘Penetration’  which  is  the  percentage  of  people  who  bought  us.  Our  penetration  as  Colgate  at 
 88%  is  not  only  the  highest  in  the  Oral  Care  category  but  it's  in  fact  the  highest  across  all 
 brands  in  India.  Colgate  is  the  most  penetrated  brand  in  this  country  and  that  makes  us  really 
 proud. So strong ‘Brand Health’ is the first key highlight. 
 In  terms  of  financial  metrics  –  you've  seen  these  numbers  but  we're  also  very  proud  that  we've 
 crossed  the  Rs.  5,000  crores  threshold  for  this  calendar  year.  It's  a  big  moment,  with  very 
 strong gross margins at 67.1% and strong EBITDA above 30%. 
 On  digital  and  analytics  –  we  wanted  to  highlight  the  fact  that  Colgate  is  driving  basket 
 penetration  for  Oral  Care  on  e-commerce.  On  the  new  and  growing  RE,  we  are  showing 
 leadership and we have driven the category forward across various e-tail portals. 
 On  ‘Sustainability’  which  is  a  very  big  commitment  for  us.  We  are  extremely  proud  that  this 
 year  saw  Colgate  launching  recyclable  tubes,  the  first  not  only  in  the  world  but  also  in  India. 
 We  launched  with  recycling  toothbrush,  the  first  fully  recycled  toothbrush  in  the  country  as 
 well. I'll speak to both these a little more as we go forward. 
 These  were  the  highlights  and  we  will  use  our  strategic  framework  as  a  framework  for  the 
 conversation  today.  You've  seen  this  before.  It's  our  consistent  framework  to  drive  profitable 
 growth  with  six  pillars  and  we  will  start  with  winning  with  brands.  When  it  comes  to  building 
 brands  our  master  brand  Colgate  has  a  positive  philosophy  which  in  Hindi  is  said  as,  ‘ Dil  Me 
 Ummeed  Jagao,  Smile  Karo  Aur  Shuru  Ho  Jao ’  and  of  course  we  translate  this  into  all  the 
 regional languages and our rallying cry as a brand is to be a catalyst for optimism. 
 We  want  to  encourage  people  to  think  positively  and  to  believe  that  they  can  get  over  their 
 hesitations  and  doubts  if  they  can  focus  on  the  optimistic  view.  We've  been  telling  stories  from 
 around  the  country  on  optimism.  I  want  to  share  with  you  our  latest  story  which  is  the  story  of 
 Kiran  Kanojia,  India’s  first  female  blade  runner  who  went  on  to  complete  a  marathon.  It’s  a 
 remarkable  story.  I'm  really  excited  to  start  the  presentation  off  by  sharing  this  story.  Can  we 
 please play the video? 
 ‘Smile  Karo  Aur  Shuru  Ho  Jao ’,  what  an  incredible  story  of  an  incredible  person  who  reminds 
 us again that if you can look at the bright side and persevere - anything is possible. 
 Moving  from  Colgate  the  master  brand  to  India’s  #1  toothpaste  Colgate  strong  teeth.  Seven  out 
 of  every  ten  households  in  India  purchase  a  Colgate  strong  teeth  product  every  year.  In  terms 
 of  market  share,  it  is  more  than  two  times  the  market  share  for  any  other  toothpaste.  For  us  this 
 is  the  flagship  brand  and  continues  to  be.  If  you  go  back  in  history,  Colgate  strong  teeth  started 
 Page  3  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 its  journey  in  2000  and  we  relaunched  it  once  in  2007  and  then  more  recently  in  2019  where 
 we  saw  double  digit  growth  on  the  back  of  the  relaunch.  I'm  really  happy  to  announce  that  we 
 are  in  the  middle  of  another  relaunch  for  Colgate  Strong  Teeth  in  Quarter  2  of  this  year.  We  are 
 bringing  to  life  the  fact  that  strong  teeth  are  the  starting  point  of  good  digestion  and  good 
 nutrition.  If  your  teeth  are  strong,  you're  able  to  chew  your  food  better.  That  gives  you  the  best 
 from  the  food.  So  strong  teeth  make  a  strong  you  and  our  new  reason  to  believe  is  calcium 
 boost  which  helps  your  teeth  get  stronger.  This  is  the  new  packaging  that's  out  in  the  market, 
 rolling  out  across  the  country.  We're  also  very  happy  to  announce  that  we  have  two  fantastic 
 stars  partnering  with  us  on  this  journey  -  Shahid  Kapoor  and  Rana  who  are  bringing  this 
 message to life across different parts of the country. 
 With  that  let  me  share  with  you  one  of  these  pieces  of  communication  that  we  will  be  playing 
 in  parts  of  the  country.  Can  we  please  play  the  video?  Only  if  your  teeth  are  strong,  you  get  the 
 best  nutrition  from  your  food  and  Colgate  Strong  Teeth  with  calcium  boost  makes  your  teeth 
 stronger like no other toothpaste. I hope you enjoyed that. 
 Moving  from  India’s  #1  toothpaste  to  India’s  #1  toothbrush  and  that’s  Colgate  Super  Flexible 
 which  is  #1  selling  and  the  #1  distributed  toothbrush  in  the  country  by  a  large  margin.  In  fact, 
 it's  more  than  1.7  times  the  market  share  of  the  next  toothbrush  brand.  As  you  can  see  on 
 screen  Super  Flexi  is  now  in  the  market  as  of  Quarter  2  of  this  year  in  a  new  Avatar.  At  the 
 bottom  you  see  the  new  toothbrush  in  the  dynamic  new  look,  in  exciting  new  colors  and  a  very 
 contemporary  modern  packaging  with  the  reminder  that  the  ultra-flexible  technology  continues 
 to  power  the  toothbrush  and  critically  at  the  same  price  point  of  Rs.  20  which  is  the  heart  of  the 
 category,  making  it  accessible  for  so  many  people  across  the  country.  Not  only  is  the 
 packaging  exciting,  the  product  inside  has  superior  technology  with  a  new  bristle  profile  for 
 enhanced  cleaning  and  of  course,  the  handle  technology  that  reaches  all  corners  of  the  mouth. 
 We  are  very  excited  about  this  relaunch  and  we  are  putting  behind  it  the  might  of  the  Colgate 
 system.  This  will  be  our  largest  ever  in  store  activation  in  the  toothbrush  category  in  terms  of 
 distribution  and  in  terms  of  visibility.  So  huge  initiative  in  this  quarter  with  Colgate  Strong 
 Teeth  and with Colgate Super Flexible toothbrushes. 
 Moving  on  from  Super  Flexi  to  another  critical  part  of  our  portfolio  which  is  Naturals.  Talking 
 about  salt,  we  all  know  that  salt  as  an  ingredient  is  the  first  ingredient  that  comes  to  mind  in 
 this  country,  in  our  culture  to  take  care  of  Oral  Care  problems,  at  home  we  have  all  been  told 
 by  our  parents  and  our  grandparents  about  the  power  of  salt  and  Colgate  Active  Salt  for  the  last 
 two  decades  has  owned  this  space  and  we've  gone  from  strength  to  strength  and  our  brand 
 strength  continues  to  grow.  In  fact,  Colgate  Active  Salt  is  a  #1  natural  ingredient  toothpaste  in 
 this  country.  To  extend  the  strength  of  Colgate  Active  Salt,  we  have  got  new  avatars  of  Colgate 
 Active  Salt  Neem  for  healthy  gums  and  Colgate  Active  Salt  Lemon  to  fight  yellowness,  these 
 are  again  available  across  channels  as  we  speak,  very  exciting  innovations  powering  the  salt 
 franchise.  Of  course,  we  continue  to  support  the  Colgate  Active  Salt  franchise  as  we've  always 
 done  with  top  celebrities,  we've  got  Samantha,  continuing  the  partnership  with  us  in  parts  of 
 the  country  and  we've  got  Raima  in  parts  of  the  country,  bringing  to  life  the  proposition  that 
 the Colgate Active Salt to prevent your dental problems. 
 Page  4  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 We  continue  to  grow  from  strength  to  strength  on  this  brand.  Staying  with  Naturals,  we  are 
 also  continuing  our  growth  journey  on  Colgate  Vedshakti  with  a  new  product  and  a  new  piece 
 of  communication.  This  is  our  best  ever  Colgate  Vedshakti  product.  I  will  presently  share  with 
 you  the  new  communication  but  we're  backing  this  initiative  with  a  lot  of  activity  including 
 aggressive  sampling  across  the  country.  Like  you  know  we  have  a  regimen  under  Colgate 
 Vedshakti  with  a  mouth  protect  spray  which  is  the  #1  selling  on  the  go  Oral  Care  solution  in 
 the  market  today.  We  have  Vedshakti  Oil  Pulling  which  brings  to  a  modern  format,  the  ancient 
 ritual  of  oil  pulling  together  with  Colgate  scientific  expertise.  Let  us  now  please  see  the  video 
 of  the  relaunch  for  Colgate  Vedshakti.  Germs  from  your  mouth  can  enter  your  body  and 
 Colgate Vedshakti stops them in the mouth. That was a section on winning with brands. 
 Now  I'm  going  to  dive  into  leading  innovation  and  share  with  you  some  of  our  most  recent 
 launches.  Our  philosophy  on  innovation  is  three-fold;  bring  technological  superiority  to  the 
 products  that  we  launch,  think  platform  out  when  we  think  innovation  and  not  just  singular 
 product  and  to  look  for  new  opportunities  to  innovate  again.  And  to  start  on  technological 
 superiority  we  have  put  out  a  really  exciting  launch  on  toothpaste  into  the  Indian  market  on 
 whitening.  Remember  that  whitening  as  a  benefit  is  the  most  searched  benefit  in  this  country 
 when  it  comes  to  searches.  People  are  looking  to  whiten  their  teeth  and  we  have  with  Colgate 
 Visible  White  O2,  launched  the  most  revolutionary  technology  into  the  Indian  market.  This 
 product  has  active  oxygen  technology  that  releases  small  bubbles  of  oxygen  as  you  brush  your 
 teeth  to  lift  away  stains  and  to  restore  the  natural  white  of  your  teeth,  in  fact  making  your  teeth 
 whiter  in  about  three  days.  We  have  exciting  communication  that  is  out  now  across 
 touchpoints.  Let's  see  this  video  that  features  Dolly  Singh,  Toshada  Uma  and  Prarthana.  Let's 
 please  play  the  video.  Whitens  teeth  in  just  three  days,  revolutionary  technology  and  an 
 encouragement  more  than  anything  for  young  people  to  follow  their  own  code  on  beauty  and 
 not  fall  for  social  norms  and  be  confident  of  their  smiles  and  be  themselves.  And  it's  not  just 
 television  advertising  we  have  put  out  there's  host  of  communication  as  an  integrated  brand 
 experience  that  we're  doing  on  Visible  White  O2  and  across  social  media  with  influencers. 
 We've  seen  some  incredible  feedback  coming  our  way  on  this  campaign  and  on  this  launch,  a 
 really  exciting  launch  for  us  in  this  quarter.  It  will  continue  to  be  supported  throughout  the 
 year. 
 Moving  from  whitening  to  the  space  of  therapeutics,  the  space  of  addressing  problems  in  the 
 mouth,  conditions  in  the  mouth  and  the  biggest  problem  in  the  mouth  in  India  according  to  the 
 Dental  Council  of  India  is  gum  problems.  Not  many  people  realize  but  9  out  of  10  Indian 
 adults  have  some  form  of  gum  problems  through  a  year  and  to  which  Colgate  has  launched 
 Colgate  Gum  Expert  with  turmeric  extract  which  gives  you  relief  from  gum  bleeding  which  is 
 a  big  problem.  If  not  corrected  can  eventually  lead  to  tooth  loss.  So  an  exciting  launch  on 
 Colgate  Gum  Expert  with  turmeric  -  the  only  product  out  there  of  this  kind  and  there  seems  to 
 be  some  really  strong  early  response  on  the  product  as  we  are  rolling  this  out  in  the  country.  It's 
 a  launch  that  we  are  supporting  and  let's  see  the  communication  that  is  going  out  and  let's  play 
 the  video  please.  The  communication,  as  you  saw,  highlights  the  fact  that  people  tend  to  ignore 
 their  gum  problems  including  bleeding  gums  and  we  are  encouraging  them  to  take  care  of  the 
 problem early on with Colgate Gum Expert. 
 Page  5  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 On  therapeutics,  we  also  launched  as  you  recall  Colgate  toothpaste  for  diabetics.  We  all  know 
 that  diabetes  is  a  big  concern ,  we  have  70  million  diabetics  and  growing.  But  what  most  people 
 don't  realize  is  that  diabetics  unfortunately  tend  to  suffer  a  high  incidence  of  oral  health 
 infections.  This  product  has  been  specially  designed  for  the  mouth  which  is  suffering  from 
 these  infections.  Again,  very  strong  reviews.  We're  getting  very  solid  repeat  feedback  on  this. 
 We  are  encouraged  now  to  scale  this  up  even  further.  We've  tied  with  R.  Ashwin  and  his  dad 
 who  has  been  a  long-time  sufferer  of  diabetes  and  we  are  taking  the  message  in  partnership 
 with  the  two  of  them  across  the  country  and  educating  people  about  the  link  between  oral 
 health  and  diabetes.  It's  a  two-way  link  to  take  care  of  the  problems  in  your  mouth.  We  have  a 
 positive  impact  on  diabetes  management.  Let  us  see  the  video  on  this  please.  Again, 
 emphasizing  the  link  between  diabetes  and  oral  health  conditions  and  the  special  solutions  that 
 Colgate exclusively has brought to market. We're really proud of this innovation. 
 Moving  from  toothpaste  to  platform  innovations  and  another  iconic  brand  Palmolive;  the  brand 
 has  very  high  aided  brand  awareness,  about  67%  of  people  recognize  the  brand,  a  number  that 
 many  brands  will  be  really  envious  of.  When  we  ask  people  about  what  they  think  of 
 Palmolive,  they  say  it's  natural,  it's  premium,  it's  sensorial.  This  has  made  Palmolive  a  leading 
 brand  in  body  cleansing.  This  has  given  us  the  confidence  to  take  the  brand  from  body 
 cleansing  into  the  much  larger  category  ;  in  fact  13  times  larger  -  face  cleansing.  This  year  we 
 have  entered  with  Palmolive  the  face  cleansing  category  with  a  portfolio  of  products  which 
 goes  from  foaming  face  washes  to  gel  face  washes  to  scrub  and  masks  and  has  some  very 
 unique  ingredient  combinations  like  Multani  mitti  and  Lavender  oil,  we've  got  Chamomile  oil 
 and  got  Tulsi  and  really  excited  about  the  premium  look,  the  packaging  that  we  have  brought 
 and  the  extraordinary  quality  of  the  products  that  we  have  launched  into  the  Indian  market.  Not 
 only  are  the  products  fantastic  as  you  will  see  as  we  take  you  through  the  communication,  the 
 brand  is  speaking  in  a  fresh  voice  to  the  young  modern  Indian  woman.  As  we’ve  realized  that 
 Indian  women  very  often  end  up  placing  themselves  at  the  bottom  of  their  to-do  list,  right?  We 
 are  reminding  them  that  self-love  is  not  selfish.  Palmolive  as  a  brand  is  telling  them  to  say  yes 
 to  you,  encouraging  them  to  put  themselves  on  the  top  of  their  priority  list.  So,  let's  please  play 
 the  video.  Say  yes  to  you  with  Palmolive  face  wash.  We've  seen  some  strength  in  certain  key 
 customers  who  have  done  the  lead  launch  and  is  giving  us  the  confidence  as  we  go  forward 
 and continue to build the Palmolive face franchise. 
 Moving  from  Palmolive  to  another  platform  innovation;  this  time  on  toothbrushes  with 
 Colgate  Gentle  which  is  a  specialized,  very  advanced  manual  toothbrush  for  different  parts  of 
 your  mouth,  whether  it's  for  sensitive  teeth  or  for  enamel  or  for  gum.  You've  got  a  range  of 
 products under the Colgate Gentle line that we launched over the last few quarters. 
 We  are  seeing  continued  traction,  Colgate  Gentle  has  now  become  the  #1  brand  of 
 toothbrushes  within  the  sensitive  segment  of  the  toothbrush  market.  We're  really  proud  of  this 
 growth  trajectory.  As  we  take  this  forward,  we  are  communicating  Colgate  Gentle  on  different 
 touch  points  where  the  new  piece  of  communication  that  talks  about  the  advancement  of  the 
 toothbrushes  that  you  don't  need  to  make  your  toothbrushes  hard  for  them  to  clean  better.  They 
 can  be  gentle  and  yet  give  you  superior  cleaning.  Let's  ask  Brainy  how  that  works.  Let's  play 
 Page  6  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 the  video  please.  Your  mouth  is  80%  soft  skin,  so  get  yourself  Colgate  Gentle.  That  was  the 
 piece on innovations. 
 Let  me  move  on  to  digital  acceleration  which  is  a  key  priority.  We  have  been  putting  out  a  lot 
 of  communication  around  the  smiles  in  social  media,  on  occasions  like  Republic  day  or  Rakhi 
 where  we  remind  people  of  the  importance  and  the  value  of  smiles.  What  we've  seen  over  time 
 in  social  media  is  that  people  are  increasingly  organically  talking  about  the  Colgate  Smile, 
 right?  On  the  left  of  the  screen  are  organic  mentions  of  people  mentioning  Colgate  Smile  in 
 their  posts.  When  we  started  looking  at  the  reach  of  these  posts  we  are  finding  that  we  are 
 getting  the  potential  reach  of  more  than  250  million  people  from  these  organic  posts  in  earned 
 media  every  quarter.  And  it  fills  us  with  just  immense  pride  that  we  are  playing  this  role  of 
 owning  smiles  in  our  country.  This  is  really  something  to  feel  excited  about  as  we  look  ahead 
 at  the  brand  and  our  business.  It's  not  just  what  we're  doing  on  social  media,  with  marketing 
 brands  but  also  our  partnerships  with  the  large  digital  players  on  driving  performance 
 marketing  through  full  funnel  marketing  or  driving  incremental  rural  reach.  We  know  that 
 there  are  many  media  dark  parts  of  the  country  where  we  can  now  reach  people  with  our  brand 
 messaging.  We  are  doing  that  or  driving  regional  content,  right?  This  is  something  that  is 
 exploding.  We  are  able  to  tap  into  local  influencers,  partner  with  them  and  build  local 
 insight-based  communication  as  we  grow  these  partnerships.  Beyond  that  on  digital  we 
 continue  to  also  experiment  and  D2C  as  a  channel  is  an  experiment  that  we've  been  running. 
 We  started  with  electric  toothbrushes  with  cpbrush.co.in  and  we've  seen  some  very  strong  early 
 success  for  us.  We've  got  orders  from  every  state  in  the  country  in  the  last  few  months  as 
 we’ve  rolled  this  out  and  our  business  is  growing  from  strength  to  strength  and  we're  seeing  a 
 really  positive  future  for  this  D2C  and  others  as  we  go  forward,  both  from  an  effectiveness  and 
 from an efficiency point of view. 
 All  this  of  course  to  drive  strength  in  our  businesses.  This  is  the  trend  on  our  e-commerce 
 business  which  over  the  last  5  years  you  can  see  for  Colgate  on  the  left  has  grown  10X  and 
 continues  to  grow  strongly.  It's  about  5%  of  our  business  now  and  we  are  confident  of  the 
 contribution  of  growth  and  our  shares  in  e-commerce  are  ahead  of  our  offline  shares  and  over 
 the  last  few  years  have  grown  about  a  1000  basis  points.  Great  strength  for  the  brand  and  for 
 the  business  across  e-commerce  platforms.  Apart  from  the  strength  of  the  business  it's  always 
 really  nice  to  see  recognition  coming  from  the  outside,  lots  of  awards  from  very  recognized 
 industry  bodies.  We're  really  thankful  for  these  awards  and  the  recognition  for  the  content 
 work, the strategy work that we've been doing on digital within the company. 
 Going  from  digital  acceleration  to  go  to  market  and  how  we're  strengthening  this  pillar; 
 starting  again  with  digital  transformation.  Now  if  you  look  at  the  right  on  smile  store,  what 
 we've  been  doing  is  using  AI  tools  to  get  the  right  product  in  the  right  store.  We  collect  so 
 much  data  from  the  direct  stores  that  we  are  reaching  that  we  found  that  optimizing  the 
 assortment  at  a  store  level  is  giving  us  very  solid  incremental  revenue  gains  and  over  the  last 
 few  quarters  smile  stores  has  become  a  real  positive  contributor  to  our  business  and  we're 
 going  to  roll  it  out  and  scale  it  up.  Apart  from  store  level  assortments  we  are  digitizing 
 distribution  naturally  to  drive  profitability  for  distributors.  We're  also  rolling  out  retailer 
 Page  7  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 loyalty  programs  to  drive  retailer  loyalty  across  our  categories,  so  a  lot  is  happening  on  the 
 digital  front.  But  a  lot  is  happening  on  the  traditional  front  in  rural,  our  Muskan  program 
 continues  to  give  us  solid  results  in  driving  engagement  and  in  driving  visibility  for  our  brands 
 in  wholesale.  Of  course,  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum  we  continue  to  grow  in  strength  in 
 modern  trade,  drive  engagement,  drive  assortment,  drive  premiumization  and  as  a  result  drive 
 our  shares  in  this  extremely  important  RE  that  continues  to  grow.  We  continue  to  drive  a  lot  of 
 advantages from. 
 Not  to  forget  our  partnership  with  the  dentist  profession.  We  don't  often  talk  about  this  but  we 
 have  an  exclusive  range  of  products  that  we  sell  with  the  profession  and  that  business  is 
 growing  strongly.  We  are  the  #1  prescribed  Oral  Care  brand  by  dentists  in  India.  We  have  very 
 strong  partnerships  with  the  Dental  Council  of  India  and  the  Indian  Dental  Association  and 
 many of the regional bodies. So very proud of this as well. 
 And  being  consistent  with  our  focus  on  being  a  catalyst  for  optimism,  we  are  committed  to 
 reimagining  a  healthier  future.  On  this  front  you've  seen  our  strategy  of  driving  social  impact 
 at  scale  in  millions  of  homes  and  preserving  our  environment.  We  want  to  remind  you  to  look 
 out  for  our  ESG  report  which  will  be  out  in  June  this  year.  I've  spoken  to  you  and  want  to 
 repeat  it  again  that  recyclable  tubes  are  a  reality  after  many  years  of  serious  experiments. 
 We've  got  them  on  part  of  our  portfolio  and  we'll  roll  them  out  across  the  whole.  With 
 recycling  toothbrushes  we've  got  a  fully  recycled  toothbrush,  handles,  bristles,  everything  is 
 the  first  of  its  kind  and  it's  available  in  stores  in  our  country  now.  Very  exciting  work  on  both 
 these fronts. 
 We've  also  tied  up  with  Mission  Smile,  who’re  doing  such  amazing  work  with  cleft  surgeries 
 and  we  are  committed  to  support  them  in  growing  support  for  doing  more  cleft  surgeries.  We 
 are  targeting  to  reach  1,000  children  in  this  calendar  year.  We  continue  our  partnership  with 
 Seva  Mandir  in  supporting  digital  and  financial  literacy  for  rural  women  and  the  target  there  is 
 also very strong 12,000 women in the calendar year. 
 Water  is  a  strategic  focus  for  us  in  our  sustainability  program.  We  know  that  we  are  a 
 water-stretched  country  and  with  solid  numbers,  we  are  again  working  with  Seva  Mandir  and 
 Water  for  People.  Lots  of  128  million  liters  of  water  replenished  43,000  people  benefited  and 
 scaling  up  that  activity  now  to  77  villages.  Our  Keep  India  Smiling  scholarship  program  that 
 we're  really  proud  of  and  walking  the  talk.  On  the  optimism  program,  we  launched  in  2018 
 together  with  Shiksha  Daan,  our  NGO  partner  and  the  Buddy  for  Study,  our  tech  partner,  we 
 are  now  upwards  of  1,650  Keep  India  Smiling  scholars  across  sports  and  education  and 
 community  work.  With  that  I'm  going  to  hand  over  to  Jacob  to  take  us  through  the  rest  of  the 
 presentation. 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 Thank  you,  Arvind.  Before  I  jump  into  the  financials,  I  would  like  to  make  a  mention  of  this 
 wonderful  award  we  received  recently,  Best  Audit  Committee  award  conferred  by  the  Asian 
 Center  for  corporate  governance,  testimony  to  the  high  standards  of  governance  at  the 
 company.  On  the  financials;  our  financial  strategy  remains  unchanged  driving  top-line  and 
 Page  8  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 volume,  driving  margins  up,  non-variable  overheads  down,  advertising  investment  up  and 
 operating  profit  up.  This  is  the  Q4  results  that  you  would  have  seen  in  the  morning  today.  We 
 delivered  about  Rs.  1,293  crores  in  net  sales,  up  1.4%  mainly  driven  by  toothpaste,  toothbrush 
 declined  given  it's  a  little  more  discretionary  category  in  terms  of  consumption.  Gross  margins 
 66.6%,  down  90  bps  but  we  are  pleased  given  the  level  of  inflation  that  we  are  seeing  in  costs. 
 Advertising  continues  to  be  at  healthy  levels  as  we  calibrate  between  quarters,  11.3%  for  the 
 quarter.  EBITDA  at  33.2%  marginally  ahead  of  last  year  and  profit  after  tax  up  3%  at  324 
 crores. 
 On  a  full-year  basis  we  finished  at  Rs.  5,066  crores.  That's  a  growth  of  5.3%.  We  are  pleased  to 
 have  crossed  the  milestone  of  Rs.  5,000  crores  in  sales  during  the  year.  Gross  margin  again 
 healthy  67.1%,  Advertising  12.7%,  EBITDA  30.9%  which  is  50  bps  lower,  that  is  driven  by 
 the  lower  gross  margin  and  profit  after  tax  about  Rs.  1,078  crores  which  is  up  4%.  If  we  look, 
 one  of  the  things  that's  been  helping  us  deliver  reasonable  levels  of  gross  margin  is  what  we 
 call  the  RGM  mindset.  The  five  key  pillars  we  use  for  that  pricing,  promotion,  debt,  mix,  pack 
 size,  new  products  and  we  have  a  team  who  works  and  continuously  look  for  opportunities  to 
 squeeze  out  benefit  from  each  of  those  pillars.  Net  sales  trend,  healthy  trend  longer  term.  This 
 year 5.3 coming over the 7.2 last year. 
 Moving  on  to  the  next  slide;  gross  margins,  so  we've  been  able  to  retain  most  of  the  uplift 
 we've  seen  in  gross  margin  over  the  recent  few  years.  It  stays  at  67%  -  68%  levels  and 
 similarly advertising sales at a healthy 12.7%. 
 Going  to  the  next  slide.  EBITDA,  PAT,  following  the  gross  margin  trend  at  very  healthy  levels 
 and  similarly  we  are  seeing  profit  at  Rs.  1,078  crores.  EPS  Rs.  39.6  and  our  stated  strategy  is  to 
 give  away  most  of  the  dividend  unless  we  have  better  use  for  the  cash  and  we  declared  a 
 dividend  of  Rs.  40  per  share.  That  brings  us  to  the  end  of  the  prepared  slide.  We  will  now 
 move on to the Q&A session. Thank you for your patient listening. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you  very  much  sir.  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  we  will  now  begin  the  question-and-answer 
 session.  To  ask  a  question  please  click  on  the  audio  question  tab  below  the  media  player,  click 
 on  okay  to  the  pop-up  to  mute  your  webcast  to  proceed  with  the  live  Q&A  session.  The 
 operator  will  announce  your  name  when  it  is  your  turn  to  ask  a  question.  You're  requested  to 
 please  unmute  your  microphone  to  proceed  with  your  question.  Participants  if  you  wish  to  ask 
 a  text  question,  please  type  your  question  in  the  text  box  and  click  submit.  Your  question  shall 
 be  addressed  by  the  management  team.  Participants  connected  on  a  telephone  call  may  enter 
 ‘*’  and  ‘1’  on  their  telephone  keypad.  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  we  will  wait  for  a  moment  while 
 the  question  queue  assembles.  Management  members,  we  have  received  a  question  via  text.  I'll 
 just  read  it  out  to  you.  It's  from  Nillai  Shah  from  Moon  Capital.  His  question  is  since  the  past 
 few  quarters  Colgate  (India)  has  been  talking  about  accelerating  volume  growth  with 
 innovations,  brand  strength  etc.  However,  growth  over  the  past  many  quarters  have  been  even 
 below  that  of  the  parent  and  indeed  peers  in  India.  Through  the  period  margins  have  been 
 rising,  what  is  the  reason  for  this  and  how  should  investors  view  growth  and  margins  over  the 
 next 1-2 years? 
 Page  9  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 As  a  company  we  continue  to  stay  focused  on  growth.  That's  a  big  opportunity  in  the  country. 
 So,  Arvind  took  you  through  all  the  innovations  we  are  delivering  in  the  category.  We  are 
 offering  newer-new  innovations  on  the  premium  side,  you  saw  O2,  saw  diabetics,  gum  etc. 
 We've  got  major  relaunches  of  CDC,  opaque  toothbrush,  Super  Flexi  etc.  We  have  continued  to 
 focus  on  delivering  top-line  growth  but  it's  also  a  reality  that  the  category  is  not  growing  right 
 now  so  that's  one  challenge  we  are  confronting  with.  A  lot  of  it  is  to  do  with  the  macro  impact 
 of  higher  inflation,  lower  growth  etc.  But  we  think  we  are  in  a  good  place.  We  are  doing  all  the 
 right  things.  The  margin  is  not  a  function  of  a  higher  price  or  unreasonable  pricing  or  pulling 
 out  advertising  etc.  Our  advertising  levels  continue  to  be  very  competitive,  at  the  same  time 
 remember  a  big  chunk  of  our  sale  comes  from  Rs.  10  and  Rs.  20  packs  where  we  are  not 
 changing  the  pricing.  The  pricing  is  restricted  to  the  higher  sales  where  elasticity  is  a  little  bit 
 lower  than  for  the  lower  packs.  So,  and  you  would  also  have  realized  that  we  have  not  passed 
 on  all  the  cost  inflation.  We've  been  very  carefully  calibrating  the  price  increases  also  to  make 
 sure  consumption  is  not  impacted  but  as  we  go  through  this  period,  we  stay  very  optimistic  and 
 positive that as things get back to more normal levels, we will see that uptick. 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 I'll  just  add  that.  When  we  think  of  growth,  we  must  always  look  at  the  strength  of  the  brand 
 and  where  that's  headed.  And  as  growth  returns  to  the  category,  we  feel  really  very  good 
 because  our  brands  have  been  strengthening.  As  long  as  we  continue  to  innovate  ahead  of  the 
 category  as  you  see  we  are  clearly,  whether  it's  going  into  wide  spaces  and  building  them  and 
 leading  growth  in  segments  like  whitening  or  in  lifestyle  related  therapeutic  conditions  like 
 diabetes  or  in  new  places  like  face  etc.  combined  with  solid  brand  strength  and  playing  in  new 
 innovative  spaces  while  keeping  the  core  business  solid.  We  are  well  placed  to  exploit  the 
 growth  as  it  comes  going  forward.  Brand  strength  is  very  important  to  evaluate  as  we  look  at 
 growth as well. 
 Moderator: 
 We'll  take  our  next  question  that’s  an  audio  question  from  the  line  of  Richard  Liu  from  JM 
 Financial. 
 Richard  Liu: 
 I  just  want  to  check  one  aspect  because  what  I  noticed  is  that  in  terms  of  the  growth  that  you 
 reported  for  the  quarter.  I  mean  your  growth  is  actually  lower  than  what  the  parent  company 
 reported  at  the  global  level  and  we  are  supposed  to  be  a  high  growth  emerging  market.  In  this 
 context  if  you  can  throw  some  light  on  the  kind  of  conversations  that  you  typically  have  with 
 the  parent  company,  in  terms  of  the  operating  parameters  that  are  most  important  for  them,  is  it 
 absolute  growth,  is  it  relative  market  share  or  does  a  good  growth  and  profitability  makes  up 
 for  everything?  If  you  can  give  us  some  insight  on  that  will  help  us  appreciate  the  performance 
 better  in  that  context?  What  according  to  them  is  a  good  performance  from  your  side,  what  are 
 the bad performances, that's one? So, that's really the question here. 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 In  terms  of  the  priority  for  us  clearly,  we've  been  identified  as  a  country  that's  expected  to 
 contribute  to  the  overall  growth  of  the  corporation.  Yes,  the  recent  quarter  was  not  the  most 
 encouraging  one  but  you  will  have  to  look  at  it  a  little  bit  longer  term.  We  delivered  ahead  of 
 corporate  growth  for  many  years.  The  discussion  with  local  teams ,  of  course ,  we  the  local 
 leadership  team  that  runs  it  on  a  day-to-day  basis  have  always  been  driving  top  line  growth. 
 Page  10  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 Sustainable  profitable  growth  is  a  key  pillar  of  the  way  we  drive  the  business  but  it  comes  with 
 the  assumption  that  the  top  line  growth  will  be  reasonable.  So,  we  press  all  the  right  levers,  we 
 talk  about  innovation,  we  talk  about  advertising  investment,  we  talk  about  pricing  not  being 
 unreasonable,  we  talked  about  being  competitive  in  every  area  in  the  market.  That's  been  the 
 strategy.  At  no  point  do  we  say  that  it's  that  profit  number  is  a  sacrosanct  number  and  that's 
 above everything else. Clearly the top line is the bigger priority for an emerging market like us. 
 Moderator: 
 Our  next  question  comes  from  Percy  Panthaki  from  IIFL.  His  question  is  naturals/ayurvedic  as 
 a  category  has  gained  market  share  over  the  years,  probably  at  the  cost  of  the  plain  white 
 toothpaste.  Do  you  see  the  share  of  the  natural/ayurvedic  category  continuing  to  grow  or  has  it 
 now stabilized? 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 What  we've  seen  now  for  the  last  few  quarters  is  that  the  share  of  the  Natural  segment  has 
 begun  to  ebb  a  little  bit,  declined  a  little  bit  so  is  a  flattening  and  a  slight  reduction.  In  fact, 
 what  we  call  the  Family  Toothpaste  segment  of  which  Colgate  Strong  Teeth  is  player  has 
 become  the  #1  segment  again  in  Nielsen.  We're  not  saying  and  we  are  not  feeling  by  any 
 stretch  that  naturals  as  a  phenomenon,  across  categories  is  going  to  go  away,  it’s  here  to  stay 
 but  the  very  strong  growth  that  we  saw  that  was  fueled  further  by  COVID,  we  are  beginning  to 
 see  it  wane  for  now.  That  said  you've  seen  we  are  continuing  to  play  in  naturals  both  with  the 
 ingredient  naturals  through  Active  Salt  as  a  franchise  and  through  ayurvedic-naturals  and  we 
 think  of  both  of  them  because  we  look  at  regional  preferences  and  we  find  differences  but  also, 
 we  continue  to  look  at  the  entire  portfolio  and  we  look  at  our  family  segment.  You've  seen  the 
 big  relaunch  on  Colgate  Strong  Teeth  coming  through  and  we  think  that  whether  it  is  naturals 
 or  whether  it  is  family  or  whether  it's  therapeutics  it's  going  to  have  to  be  innovation,  constant 
 innovation  and  communication  within  the  cultural  codes  of  different  regions  that  are  going  to 
 gain  going  forward.  We  can't  be  doing  the  same  thing  and  expect  to  grow  and  that's  our  core 
 philosophy. 
 Moderator: 
 Our next question is from the line of Amnish  Aggarwal from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
 Amnish  Aggarwal: 
 My  question  is  regarding  the  you  can  say  volume  growth  because  our  top  line  has  grown  by 
 say  1.4%.  What  kind  of  volume  growth  we  have  you  can  say  posted  in  this  quarter  and  for  the 
 full  year,  that  is  one?  Secondly,  what  is  the  quantum  of  price  increase  which  we  have 
 undertaken  because  I  believe  some  of  the  products  like  for  example  Colgate  Total  have  seen 
 sharp  increase  in  the  price  say  at  least  at  the  MRP  level?  The  third  question  is  what  is  the  trend 
 in the market share for our core categories? 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 In  terms  of  the  quarter,  we've  taken  price  increase  in  the  mid-single  digit  and,  so  you  can  do 
 the  math  to  track  that  out.  On  a  full-year  basis  it's  more  evenly  balanced  between  the  two. 
 That's  the  kind  of  numbers  we  are  looking  at.  On  your  second  question  mentioned  the  price 
 increase,  the  kind  of  levels  so  we  won’t  comment  on  specific  brands  and  what  the  pricing 
 should  be.  We  have  models  that  show  the  elasticity  at  different  price  levels  for  different 
 sub-brands. We use the output of that study to make those calls. Did you have a third question? 
 Page  11  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 On  market  shares  Amnish  we  are  holding  to  the  levels  on  household  shares  that  we've  seen  in 
 the previous periods. 
 Amnish Aggarwal: 
 And so, what's your volume growth?  Can you please repeat if I have missed? 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 For  the  quarter  what  I  mentioned  was  we  had  pricing  in  the  mid-single  digit  and  you  can  do  the 
 math on volume. 
 Amnish  Aggarwal: 
 Finally,  you  can  throw  some  light  on  what's  the  demand  trend  and  what  sort  of  outlook  we  can 
 expect in the say coming, you can say quarter or two at least? 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 Amnish  you've  seen  across  categories  there's  a  definite  impact  of  the  inflationary  environment 
 that  we've  seen  more  in  rural  than  in  urban.  We've  seen  that  for  a  quarter  now.  We  do  expect 
 this  to  come  back.  We  are  optimistic  about  what  we've  heard  on  the  harvest  and  on  the 
 monsoon  and  the  efforts  of  the  government  on  the  investments  through  CAPEX.  So,  our  belief 
 is that we should in the back half of the year see demand strengthened for our category. 
 Moderator: 
 Our  next  question  is  from  the  line  of  Akshen  Thakkar  from  Fidelity  Investments.  His  question 
 goes  as,  are  you  comfortable  with  the  level  of  gross  margins?  If  one  were  to  take  a  3-5  years 
 view,  is  there  scope  to  increase  this,  while  increasing  penetration  levels?  He  has  another 
 question  which  is  peers  are  growing  faster  now.  What  is  the  extent  of  market  share  loss?  Could 
 you quantify current market share? 
 M.S.  Jacob: 
 I  mean  a  gross  margin  is  a  result  rather  than  a  target  I  would  say  of  doing  all  the  right  things. 
 So,  you  know  our  pricing  is  competitive.  The  environment  in  trade  continues  to  be  quite 
 competitive.  We've  been  matching  all  that  happening  in  the  market.  At  the  same  time,  we  have 
 a  very  successful  program  called  the  Funding  the  Growth  program  where  we  have  cross 
 functional  teams  looking  to  take  costs  out  of  the  system  and  we  continue  to  find  innovative  and 
 smart  ways  to  drive  cost  lower.  The  combination  of  that  and  what  we  call  our  revenue  growth 
 management  or  RGM  that  I  referred  to  in  during  my  prepared  slides  has  helped  us  to  grow 
 margins  just  by  pricing  being  as  I  mentioned  on  a  full  year  basis  or  volume  and  pricing  cuts 
 half  and  half.  It's  quite  moderate  levels  of  pricing.  I  wouldn't  say  that  we  are  working  on  a 
 target  level  of  gross  margin.  It's  to  do  the  right  things  that  will  help  grow  top  line  and  the 
 margin will be what it is. That's on the gross margin piece. On the share piece…. 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 I  think  we  just  said  so  we  are  seeing  on  household  panel  shares,  our  shares  holding  at  levels 
 that  we've  seen  in  the  previous  quarters.  Different  segments  go  up  and  down  but  at  an  overall 
 category level we're holding shares at levels we've seen in the previous quarters. 
 Moderator: 
 Our  next  question  is  from  Devchandra  Ramani  from  Clovek  Wealth  Management  Private 
 Limited.  His  question  is,  if  you  can  provide  your  comments  regarding  the  penetration  of  Oral 
 Care  products  i.e.  toothpaste  and  toothbrush  at  an  industry  level  -  classifying  the  same  within 
 urban  and  rural  areas?  Since  the  revenue  growth  has  been  tepid  over  the  years,  what  would  be 
 drivers for top-line growth in medium to longer-term? 
 Page  12  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 On  penetration  Dev  at  an  annual  level  there  has  been  no  change;  that  it's  a  highly  penetrated 
 category  in  urban,  fairly  highly  penetrated  in  rural  parts  of  the  country  where  it's  still  sort  of  in 
 the  80s  but  in  most  of  the  countries  high  90%  levels  of  penetration.  Penetration  at  an  annual 
 level  still  holding  at  very  high  levels  no  change  and  we  don't  expect  that  to  change.  It's  hard  to 
 read  penetration  at  a  quarterly  level  because  if  you  don't  buy  within  a  quarter  you  could  buy  in 
 the  next  and  you  won't  get  registered  but  we're  not  seeing  any  penetration  declines. 
 Toothbrushes  we've  typically  seen  slowdown  because  people  are  able  to  delay  their  purchase 
 but  eventually  even  a  toothbrush  runs  out.  People  do  end  up  changing  the  toothbrush.  We  see  it 
 recovering  in  the  future  quarters  and  that's  what  we  expect  will  happen  on  toothbrushes  as  well. 
 In  fact,  right  after  COVID  we  saw  this  trend,  after  the  first  lockdown  we  saw  people  pushing 
 out  their  toothbrush  purchases  but  in  the  following  quarters  once  things  opened  up  a  little,  we 
 saw  a  surge  in  demand  and  thought  no  real  alarms  on  the  penetration  level.  Growth  as  we  go 
 forward,  I  think  we've  spoken  to  it.  We  see  growth  coming  at  different  ends  of  the  price  benefit 
 spectrum.  We  will  continue  to  focus  aggressively  in  this  environment  on  the  low  unit  packs  the 
 10  and  20.  We  will  focus  on  our  brands  like  Cibaca  which  are  very  strong  in  parts  of  the 
 country  where  outlay  sensitivities  are  very  high  and  we  are  going  to  consistently  stay 
 aggressive  at  that  end.  In  the  mainstream  mass  of  the  country  where  Colgate's  Strong  Teeth 
 from  a  toothpaste  point  of  view  and  Super-Flexible  from  a  toothbrush  plate,  you've  seen  that 
 we  are  being  really  aggressive.  We  are  taking  actions  within  quarters  at  unprecedented  levels. 
 Continued  focus  on  the  core  of  our  business  and  then  on  premiumization.  We've  got  to  keep 
 realizing  that  in  times  like  this  we  got  to  be  even  more  granular,  even  more  analytical.  There  is 
 no  one  Indian  consumer,  there  is  no  one  economics  across  the  country,  they're  not  one 
 preference,  so  we  got  to  be  analytical  and  granular  with  our  portfolio  at  the  premium  end  or 
 whether  it's  with  Visible  White  O2  or  with  Charcoal  Clean  or  with  Colgate  for  Diabetics  or 
 Colgate  Gum  Expert  or  with  the  Palmolive  range  or  with  the  toothbrushes  like  gentle  and 
 electric  toothbrushes  we've  got  a  constant  stream  of  innovation  that's  going  to  drive  it.  We  have 
 a  very  simple  philosophy  that  you're  going  to  grow  either  if  you  get  more  people  to  buy  you  or 
 people  to  buy  you  more  often  or  people  to  spend  more  on  you.  What  I  just  told  you  between  the 
 LUP  focus,  the  premiumization  focus  and  the  innovation  focus  we  try  to  address  these  three 
 parts of the growth equation. 
 Moderator: 
 We'll  take  our  last  question  from  Siddharth  Bhattacharya  from  Anvil  Wealth  Management 
 Private  Limited.  His  question  is,  what  is  your  view  on  changing  oral  habits  in  India  (urban  & 
 rural)- primarily twice a day brushing? 
 Arvind  Chintamani: 
 If  we  step  back  on  oral  health  habits  in  India,  it's  very  interesting  to  realize  that  between  2010 
 and  2016  approximately  in  that  range,  the  penetration  of  toothpaste  in  this  country  grew 
 between  anywhere  between  10  and  12  percentage  points.  The  growth  was  driven  by  Colgate 
 where  we  did  a  lot  of  things  we  did  from  an  education  perspective  in  rural  India  and  from  a 
 portfolio  perspective.  One  of  the  key  things  was  the  free  toothbrush  that  we  drove  across  the 
 low  price  point  portfolio.  And  so,  driving  behavior  change  is  something  we  are  very  familiar 
 with;  not  just  in  this  country  that  we've  done  enormous  penetration  building  but  across  the 
 world  where  we  have  done  consumption  building  or  brushing  at  night  or  brushing  twice  a  day. 
 This  is  a  space  that  we've  been  working  a  lot  of  pilots  on  in  India.  COVID  did  disrupt  our 
 Page  13  of  14 

 Colgate Palmolive India Limited 
 May 26, 2022 
 plans  but  we've  been  working  with  a  few  state  governments  and  we've  been  testing  a  lot  of 
 plans.  We  continue  to  drive  our  Bright  Smiles,  Bright  Futures  program  and  continue  to 
 communicate  the  importance  of  night  brushing  along  with  good  healthy  eating  habits  and  using 
 the  right  product  and  having  the  right  way  to  brush.  Even  through  COVID  when  we  couldn't 
 go  to  schools,  we  reached  children  digitally  and  educated  them.  Education  continues  to  happen 
 on  this  front  and  we  are  looking  for  other  ways  in  which  we  can  add  to  that  piece  of  the  puzzle 
 by  doing  other  things.  So,  plans  are  ongoing.  Some  activities  are  on  and  others  will  get  added 
 as we go forward on these important initiatives. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank  you  very  much.  Ladies  and  gentlemen  that  was  the  last  question.  If  you  have  any  further 
 questions,  we  would  request  you  to  reach  out  to  Colgate-Palmolive  (India)  Limited,  Investor 
 Relations  team.  With  that  we  conclude  today's  Colgate-Palmolive  Analysts  Meet  for  2022. 
 Ladies  and  gentlemen  thank  you  for  your  participation.  You  may  now  click  on  the  exit  meeting 
 to disconnect. Thank you. 
 Disclaimer:  This  transcript  has  been  edited  to  remove  and  /  or  correct  any  grammatical  inaccuracies  or  inconsistencies  of 
 English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 Page  14  of  14 
