Regd. Off.: 16-A, Andheri Industrial Estate, Veera Desai Road, Andheri (W), Mumbai- 400053. INDIA 
Ph.: +91-22-6774 3555. Fax+91-22-2673 0814. E-mail: info@jkumar.com Website: www.jkumar.com 
CIN No.: L74210MH1999PLCI22886 
061h June, 2022 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd 
Mumbai Samachar Marg 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532940 
ISIN: INE576101022 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block 
Sandra- Kurla Complex, Sandra East 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: JKIL 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
Ref: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 31st May, 2022 
Dear Sir's, 
Pursuant to the above mentioned SEBI Listing Regulations, read with Part A of Schedule 
Ill of the above SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Company had 
convened and participated in the conference/analyst call. Details of which are as under: 
Day, date and 
Subject Type of 
Name of the 
Time 
the Event 
Moderator 
Tuesday, 
31't 4Q 
FY22 
& 
FY22 
M/s. 
Anand 
Rat hi 
May, 2022 and 
Results 
Share & Stock Brokers 
12:30 
P.M. 
(I.S.T) 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call. 
Kindly disseminate the above information on your website for the information of 
shareholders. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
~~nfraprojects Ltd 
Poornima 
Company Secretary 
Enclosures: As Above 
J. Kumar 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“J Kumar Infraprojects Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NALIN GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR. 
MR. MADAN BIYANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
MR. ARVIND GUPTA – VP, TAXATION. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET PARIKH – ANAND RATHI SHARE & STOCK 
BROKERS LIMITED. 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the J Kumar Infraprojects Q4 FY22 and Full 
Year FY22 Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Parikh from Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Meet Parikh: 
Thank you Peter. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers I welcome everyone to the 
Q4 FY 22 and Full Year FY22 Earnings Call for J Kumar Infraprojects Limited. 
From the management side, we have Mr. Dr. Nalin Gupta, Managing Director, Mr. Madan 
Biyani – the Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Arvind Gupta – VP (Taxation). 
We will start with the opening remarks, remarks from the management regarding the industry, 
the result and post which will open up for an interactive Q&A. Over to you sir. 
Nalin Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of J Kumar Infraprojects, I welcome everyone to the Q4 
and FY22 Earnings Conference Call of the company. 
Joining me on this call is Mr. Madan Biyani – CFO, Mr. Arvind Gupta – Vice President Taxation 
and our IR team. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to look at our results. The presentation 
and press release have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and our company’s website. 
Before I share the company’s financial and operational performance, I would like to introduce 
Mr. Madan Biyani company’s new CFO was joined us reason recently, Mr. Biyani is a Chartered 
Accountant with an overall experience of around 23 years in various verticals of infrastructure 
development, such as roads and highways, metro rail transport system, Greenfield airports and 
others. 
We are glad to announce that we have surpassed pre-COVID levels in terms of operating 
activities and on track to achieve the targeted growth. Despite the unprecedented headwinds due 
to geopolitical uncertainties, rising commodity and logistics cost, JKIL has delivered a 
noteworthy performance on various fronts, including record revenue, ordering inflows, notable 
decline in gross debt and improved profitability. We were able to garner new orders worth 3685 
crores in FY22. We believe the order award will intensify further in FY23. Our robust execution 
capabilities coupled with strong repository of asset base enabling efficient execution reflected 
in strong revenue growth. Our healthy order book of 11,936 crores ensures substantial growth 
momentum.  

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
The current financial year that is FY2023 has also started on a positive note. We have been able 
to garner project from Ircon amounting to Rs. 1068 crore excluding GST. 
Other key updates – three prestigious projects of national importance were inaugurated in the 
month of April 2022, which includes metro line two way which is from Dahisar to DN Nagar 
on the West side. Where in there are 17 proposed stations, nine stations are operational between 
Dahisar to Dahanukar Wadi and which has been entirely constructed by JKIL. Metro lines 7A 
which is again Dahisar East to Andheri East, which is on the Eastern side that is on the Western 
Express Highway, which comprises of 13 proposed stations along with the elevated viaduct out 
of which nine stations has been put to operations wherein five stations were including the viaduct 
that’s been constructed by JKIL. And are operational between RA to Dahisar . 
JNPT and this one project that we have inaugurated is JNPT port connectivity between Amrabad 
starting from NMMC Headquarters, that is Navi Mumbai Municipal Headquarters between our 
building to Gavhanphata, Jasai to Karla, and Karal to De Point Panvel and Kalamboli, which is 
a 35 kilometer stretch operational for public on 3rd of April by the Honorable Minister of 
National Highway. The tunneling work of Mumbai Metro line three and package five and six 
from Dharavi to International Airport is also completed. The Board of Directors have 
recommended a dividend of 60% that is Rs.3 per equity share on the face value of Rs.5 per equity 
share, subject to approval of shareholders in the AGM. 
Standalone performance highlights for Q4 FY22. Revenue from operations for Q4 FY22 grew 
by 12% to Rs.114 crores as compared to Rs.992 crores in Q4 FY21. EBITDA for Q4 FY22 stood 
at Rs.159 Crore as compared Rs.104 crore in Q4 FY21. EBITDA margin for Q4 FY22 stood at 
14.3% as compared to 10.5% in Q4 FY21. PBT for Q4 FY22 grew by 133% to Rs.103 crore as 
compared to Rs.44 crore in Q4 FY21. PBT margin for Q4 FY22 stood at 9.3% as compared to 
4.5% in Q4 FY21. PAT for the quarter four of FY22 grew by 126% to Rs.76 crore as compared 
to Rs.33 crore in Q4 FY21. PAT margin for Q4 FY22 stood at 6.6% as compared to 3.3% in Q4 
FY21. 
Standalone performance highlights for the FY22. Revenue from operations for FY22 grew by 
37% to Rs.3527 crore as compared to Rs.2571 crore in FY21. EBITDA for FY22 stood at Rs.505 
crores as compared to Rs.311 crore in FY21. EBITDA margin for FY22 stood at 14.3% as 
compared to 12.1% in FY21. PBT for FY22 grew by 219% to Rs.283 crore as compared to Rs.89 
crore in financial year 21. PBT margin for financial year 22 stood at 8% as compared to 3.4% in 
FY21. PAT for FY22 grew by 222% to Rs.206 crore as compared to Rs.64 crore in FY21. PAT 
margin for FY22 stood at 5.8% as compared to 2.5% in FY21. The company continues its focus 
on working capital management and quality of order book. The company has been able to reduce 
its debt levels substantially despite challenging external environment.  

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
We remain optimistic on India recovery MSD continuing global geo political uncertainty, before 
taking the Q&A, I would like to retrain the vision of the company. Our target is to achieve a 
revenue of Rs.5000 crore by FY25. Although we have comfortable debt position, our endeavor 
is to reduce gross debt every year with the best possible efforts. Objective is to continuously 
improve stakeholders return ratio, ROE and ROC by investing in people technology and 
processes. With this, I rest my point. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from line of Shravan Shah with Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir my first question is, are we now upgrading our revenue guidance for FY23, because last time 
we say 12% to 15%, but as I see, we can easily do 20%, 25% growth this year. And the number 
you are looking at Rs.5000 crore revenue. I think one year before we can achieve by FY25 you 
are targeting, FY24 we can achieve. So just wanted your update on this. 
Nalin Gupta: 
Well Shravan, as you see that the company has achieved a top line have 3527 crore, which is a 
quite robust top line growth that the company has shown. Our endeavor is to apply and do the 
best possible and we expect that around 12 to 15 is always what we are expecting to grow at, 
and what we’re we’ll put our best efforts and try to achieve as fast as possible the maximum 
revenue, but our main focus always is ensuring the bottom lines, which is very, very important 
for the company, more than top line bottom lines are always very, very important for the 
company. So growing top line without bottom line is never our focus, so we are very particular 
in selecting our projects, which gives us proper margins and that’s how we have been able to 
among the peers, we stand at a very good position in terms of even the debt equity ratio, and you 
know that we have reduced the debts by 100 crore. So, selecting the right project is most 
important. So, for the health of the company and that is we are focused, nevertheless we will try 
our best to achieve the highest top lines. Thank you. 
Shravan Shah: 
I understand and completely agree with you in terms of the growing the bottom line along with 
the top line, but still sir just doing a rough calculation. So we have 11,900 crore order book so 
even if we do at least two and a half, three years would be the execution period. So 35% to 38%, 
kind of even if we do then also it is 20%, 25% comes the growth for this year. So just trying to 
understand what stops us to increase the revenue guidance? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Well, Shravan I would again like to highlight that the organization, we at J Kumar we are a 
specialized company working into urban infrastructure, when you’re working in urban infra, 
there are a lot of limitations in terms of land equations, there are issues with regards to utilities. 
So even though the projects are ranging for around two and a half to three years gestation period, 
but actually when looking at the Urban infra limitations, where there are so much of PAP to be 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
handled, utilities to be handled which is not even known to the department themselves. So 
looking at it, the actual execution of the project spills over to +3 years. So if you look at the 
group, targeting around 12% to 15% would be a realistic picture. And we believe that what we 
speak we do better than that. So we would not like to give a very unrealistic thing. And when 
you’re working in urban infra, there are limitations in terms of execution, but at the same time 
the margins are better. So that’s how we would like to explain the point. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And second sir we have already got Rs.1068 crore order inflow. So, now for the full year, 
how much more we’re targeting and in terms of the EBITDA margin. So, previously we said 
14% to 15%. So, is there any change or we try to have a slightly achieved the upper end that is 
a 15% kind of EBITDA margin? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, well if you look at that, we are targeting words close to around Rs.5000 crores for FY23, out 
of which are close to around 20% has already been achieved in the quarter one and looking at 
the strong pipeline of the order book which is close to around 20,000 crores we expect even with 
a 25% strike rate we shall be comfortable to achieve the top line of Rs.5000 crores and EBITDA 
margin we will surely be maintaining a 14 to 15 that we have been, which is the main focus of 
the organization and we are sure to maintain it because we like to go at a slower pace but we 
back the orders at our margin even if you look at the situation of FY22 the order book that came 
in from Q4 was more than 55% to 60%. So, we always want to select the projects which are 
right for the company, which are giving proper bottom lines to the company that is the main 
focus of booking an order book and looking at the ample amount of work that the government 
is focusing on infra projects. Bagging an order of Rs.5000 crore should not be an issue and at 
our margin of 14% to 15%. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And in terms of the CAPEX number, how much do we want to spend this year? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So close to around Rs.100 to Rs.115 crores is what we are expecting in terms of CAPEX. Last 
year we have done around Rs.115 crores and current year also we expect close to around 100 
crores of CAPEX to happen. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And in terms, you already mentioned in terms of the, we will try to reduce the date and 
the working capital, so, working capital so, currently 70 odd days. So, can we see a further 
improvement in the working capital days? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, working capital as on today’s 120 days, which is a realistic number, though of course we put 
our best efforts to see how we can bring it down, but as of today it is 120 and we shall not be 
going over it is what we expect. And with regards to your second point was? 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Shravan Shah: 
Gross debt.  
Nalin Gupta: 
So, debt if you look at net level we are already negative net debt since to the tune of around 
Rs.78 crores and at gross level we are at 0.21. So, already this company we are almost a debt 
free company and though we will of course keep on trying and our best efforts to even further 
lower it. But most importantly, what’s important to be understood is that even with the growth 
of around 37% in top line, the debt has decreased we haven’t increased it. So that shows the 
financial discipline of the organization, at J Kumar, and we’ll put our best efforts going forward 
as well. 
Shravan Shah: 
And lastly, sir I need a number for mobilization advance, retention money and unbilled revenue 
as on March? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Give me a moment please.  
Madan Biyani: 
So, Rs.376 crores is FDR, security deposit retention money is Rs.212 crore and cash and bank 
balance is near about Rs.133 crore.  
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, what was the mobilization advance sir? 
Madan Biyani: 
Rs. 550 crore is the mobilization advance, unbilled revenue is Rs. 546 crore. 
Shravan Shah: 
546? 
Madan Biyani: 
Yes, it is unbilled revenue. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes Rs. 546 crores, and retention you said Rs.212 crore? 
Madan Biyani: 
Yes, right. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And then anything sir, you said that the Rs.20,000 crore opportunity in terms of the bid 
pipeline anything which you want to highlight, because last time you said in terms of the Chennai 
some projects likely to be awarded by this June. So, any update or have we bided and where we 
are expecting results to come? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, firstly, we are in process of bidding for metro projects all over the country close to around, 
I will give you a broader gest so Metro would be around Rs.6000 crores that we are targeting, 
STPs and water projects to the tune of around Rs.3000 crores, flyovers and roads to the tune of 
around Rs.5000 to Rs.6000 crores, buildings and hospitals to the tune of again Rs.5000 to 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Rs.5500. Again we have also submitted an RFP for two projects of Rs.3000 crore each that is 
Rs.6000 crores for GMLR which is for Bombay Municipal Corporation, when we expect the 
financial bids to be submitted very soon in this, the first half and we expect some orders to 
coming in from that sector as well. And metro projects has been going on all around the city, all 
around the country I would say and you would see that around 55% to 60% of order book and 
revenue comes in from metro sector where the government is focusing in a very big way because 
looking at the tourism attraction or the growth of the country, urban infrastructure is the most 
important factor to be focused and the government is looking into it. And which can be seen 
from the robust budget for infra that has come up. So, we are very confident that we should be 
able to back this order. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, sir this Rs.3000 crore BMC two projects, this is for which, what’s the scope of the project? 
Nalin Gupta: 
It is a tunneling project of 14 meter dyer connecting Goregaon on the East side of the Western 
Express Highway to Mulund. So it will be crossing along the JVLR you can say and this will be 
connectivity which will be parallel to JVLR. It’s a road tunnel that will be by by TBM. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is the front line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir just wanted to understand with this metal prices now coming down, how could the margins 
look like in near to medium term, what would be potential upside from the current levels? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, Alok I would like to mention that as we have always been saying that the contract is covered 
by price variation and escalation clauses. So, it works either ways, if there is a increase it gives 
us the cover for the higher side, as well as if it is reduced, it takes care of the reduction. So, it’s 
not going to affect the margins inside of plus or minus. So, I would say we will be able to 
maintain the margins for sure. So, it’s basically a fair escalation clause which takes care of the 
actual increase in decrease in prices. So, it won’t affect the bottom lines. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure, got it. And also sir there are these lot of projects coming from the NHAI side and the 
competition is also expected to reduce now, so, are we looking at those projects, because 
currently they form a very small portion, we have been primarily focused on the metro side. So, 
since we also have a very descent experience in the road side, so any focus there on the NHAI 
orders going forward? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, if you look at this 1100 crore job, this is a job of NHAI only, and so our endeavor is to look 
at projects which gives us good margins and which has strong cash flows like the budget is well 
integrated to the project. So, NHAI has been, we have been working since a good couple of years 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
into that sector, let it be JNPT, let it be Dwarka Expressway, we have been working continuously 
into NHAI and the recent order book is also for the NHAI project through Ircon. So, our focus 
will always be there to look into various sectors not limited to metros or flyover though it will 
be our primary focus, but we are open to all sectors including building works, where we are 
doing a decent amount of work even there. And we have taken up river rejuvenation projects, 
we are looking at STPs, we are looking at water pipeline projects. So, our focus will be as open 
minded, but primary focus will be for NH and metros. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. And also sir our order book is nearly 12,000 crore now which was at similar levels what it 
was two years back and now in terms of revenues we will be growing pretty well nearly Rs.5000 
crore maybe next year or so. So, just wanted to understand how many orders we are looking to 
take in this year is there any thought process as to how much maximum we are looking to bag 
because if opportunities come by we may even exceed our whatever internal target might be? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, see I would say that we are comfortable from around 15 to Rs.20,000 crores worth projects 
also to be taken up with the present infrastructure of J Kumar and with the strong image of J 
Kumar with terms of handling complex projects, technical expertise that the company’s holds 
for more than four decades, ragging models and handling from 15 to Rs.20,000 crore should not 
be an issue. But as mentioned that for us being a financially disciplined organization that we try 
to maintain we are looking at Rs.5000 crores projects for sure and even if we get good 
opportunities and if we bag Rs.10,000 crores we are open to it. But we don’t want to be an early 
bird and bag orders without bottom lines. So that’s how we are targeting at a project, a 
comfortable order inflow of Rs.5000 crores. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it sir and so just also wanted to get your sense on the competitive intensity on the metro side 
because we hear that in road projects we see especially on the EPC side there’s a lot of 
competition how’s it sir in the metro side if you could just indicate as to how is the intensity 
there in the metro projects? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So the intensity and competition is there in all the sectors but if you talk about Metro, it’s a when 
you talk of elevated and underground metros, the ticket size has been substantially increasing 
over the years and now the metros are coming up with a project size of Rs.1000 crores, +500 for 
that matter. So, handling such type of big magnitude and complex projects, there are very few 
capable infra companies available in India who can take up such type of huge laborious as well 
as technically complex jobs. So, although there is a competition, but the amount of work 
available in the market is so huge that there are some local players who likes to work only in 
particular vicinities. But for us at J Kumar, we have been working pan India, and with 
Maharashtra, Gujarat, Delhi as being our main focus, and also recently we have been trying to 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
bid for projects in Chennai. So, competition is there, but it’s a sensible competition, I would say. 
So, that’s the difference between road and metro sectors and flyovers I would say. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Sir, just last question, out of the order book which we have currently, how many projects 
would be maybe a little slow moving and how many have not started, basically how much is 
currently under execution just wanted to know that? 
Nalin Gupta: 
I would say that other than the projects that we have recently backed in Q4, that is March to the 
tune of around Rs.2200 crores, Rs.2500 to Rs.3000 crore projects which has been recently 
bagged are under slow moving for that matter if you speak because it is the initial stage of the 
project. And the preliminary work that takes the initial, six to eight months is the point. So, I 
should not actually really call it as a slow moving. But in terms of revenue, we can see the 
inflows coming in FY23 in the current year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, and congratulations on a good set of number especially for the fiscal year FY22. 
You have met all the guidance, which you gave in the beginning of the year. Sir my first question, 
can you just confirm the revenue guidance and EBITDA margin is it 12% to 15% growth over 
FY22 and 14% margin is that fair assumption? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Yes, so 14% to 15% EBITDA margin and now 12% to 15% growth is I would say a very 
achievable target for J Kumar and we have been maintaining it for these many years. And we 
are confident that we’ll be able to achieve it Mohit. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And sir what was the impact of the input inflation in the Q4 FY22 if you can, was there any price 
variation which could not be completely passed through and there was a hit, but we since we 
have a better revenue, we have been able to cover it. My question is, if there was input inflation, 
sharp inflation what could have been the margin? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, inflation as we have said that the price variation and escalation clause takes care of it in a 
fair manner. And even when the prices increased, it did not impact anyone now going down also 
it’s not going to effect the bottom line of the company. Material work if you talk of, it depends 
upon the nature of work where like the material component, if you look at it keeps varying from 
63% to 65% and when the works, it totally depends, this percentage totally depends on two 
factors, that is at what stage the project is. And second is what is the nature of work if the work 
is more of mechanical means the material component would be reduced. And if it is more of 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
material component, then you will see an upside in it. But on a year-on-year basis if you look at 
it 63% to 65% is a fair number to be targeted. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir on the order pipeline, what are the orders apart from GMLR, which is available in the 
Mumbai region, Maharashtra? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So that RFQ has already been submitted by the qualified bidders and now it is under evaluation 
stage with the BMC and we expect that very soon we should be able to get the result of the RFQ 
submitted by the bidders and eventually in this financial years this work should be put into 
operation. 
Mohit Kumar: 
No, sir apart from GMLR which are the other large projects which are there for this fiscal which 
we are targeting? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So there are metro projects in Surat, in Chennai, in Ahmedabad, it is coming up, again Delhi is 
coming up with other metro projects, Mumbai is coming up with project of Mumbai metro line 
10, 11, 12 and 13. So, Metro projects has been there as in open range even Kanpur and Agra 
they have been coming up with new projects. So metros and flyovers and NH jobs are amply 
available all across the country. And we have been focusing mainly into Northwest region and 
into the South area also like Chennai, more prominently that’s been our focus that we open up 
our regional office in Chennai as well. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Are you targeting anymore subcontracting, like say from Ircon which we one this quarter, are 
we targeting more project like that, is there a sufficient large opportunity available? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So well, if you look at this project of Ircon, it’s, I don’t know whether you should really call it 
as a subcontract because the job that was been called by NH was on PPP model and J Kumar 
was interested more into EPC, as we always say, so this is Ircon being and government 
undertaking, we have taken the job from them on the EPC mode, and the earlier bid called by 
NH was on PPP mode. So that’s the difference. So, I would not really, really call it as a sub 
contract and our main focus always, as you have been seen with the entire order book of 
Rs.12,000 crore, it’s always been from the government directly as a main contractor. And this 
also here will be as a main contractor and not subcontractor, basically. Because Ircon as the 
developer and VLC EPC contractor. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And do we have a similar contract in NHAI with the Ircon? 
Nalin Gupta: 
I’m sorry. 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Mohit Kumar: 
So price variation clauses is. 
Nalin Gupta: 
No, each clause is also part of this Ircon contract as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir my first question is on the execution in FY23. So, which projects we are likely to close in 
FY23 because we can see metro projects completion this year, many of the metro projects so 
any targeted revenue breakup from metro, roads, so can you just give us a break up and which 
bigger projects you are likely to complete this year? 
Nalin Gupta: 
I would say that we expected top line of around 55% from metro and balance 45% from other 
works and in terms of completion, like last year or early Q1 we can see we have completed line 
two and seven phase one and the phase two or line two and seven will also be completed in this 
H1 as well as we expect the Pune elevated corridor that we have been constructing that’s also 
been completed from our side. And by H1, we will hand over the Pune elevated project also to 
the department. So these three projects we see in terms of completion. And with regards to 
revenue, giving the project wise would be a little difficult at this stage. But yes, around 55% 
would be from metro and 45% from roads, bridges and other sectors. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Line three of underground metro road do we expect this to complete because I can see almost 
Rs.1,000 crore of order backlog still outstanding. And we recently saw an article where it was 
mentioned that the work is getting extended, delayed to December 24. So you’re targeting 
around this year and so are we on track or delayed? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So what you have been reading in the articles is basically with regards to operation of the metro 
project and not execution of the underground metro projects that’s been backed by J Kumar. So, 
our projects are well within the limits and the projects are going on well in time and we have 
completed projects to the tune of around 75% to 80%. And the balance work will also be 
completed within the targeted time. It’s basically regarding the depo work that we have been 
mentioning, because till now, it is not been very clear as to where this depo is going to be 
constructed. So irrespective of the depo work the work assigned to J Kumar in terms of top line 
and bottom line is well secured because that is irrespective of the depo location our works will 
be completed. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay. So, we will be 100% complete and we will get our money from this? 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Nalin Gupta: 
Yes, so being a cash contract we are not connected with the operation of the line. Construction 
work, whatever has been assigned to us is important unlike a PPP or BOT project. So that’s the 
best part of it and that’s why J Kumar always focuses on to EPC projects. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Right, sir. One last thing on the highway project so I believe we are always focusing on the asset 
light business, are we looking for any HAM projects or all kinds of back-to-back subcontracting 
for HAM like as you said we did something for Ircon so any tie up with them for future back-
to-back subcontracting or HAM projects are we waiting for such projects? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So HAM we have tried for it, we had bided one project also which was, which we found to be 
lucrative. But we could not bag it because for us execution I believe is the biggest win. And we 
would like to focus on to our EPC mode itself. And though we keep trying for different options, 
if we feel that it can give us a different vertical, but surely at our margins, and at our terms and 
conditions if we are comfortable we try for it, but it’s very unlikely that we will go for any BOT 
or HAM projects. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir on the margin front again, I understand you’re given the guidance of 14% based on the current 
commodity situation. Sir, any projects which we have won recently last three to six months, 
probably we shall be starting the execution as on Q2 and Q3 so do you see better margins from 
these projects as against older projects which is in your order backlog and  which are under 
execution right now, which can give you say 12% margin because of the commodity price and 
while the newer projects which you have won in last three to six months, can give you 16% and 
while your blended margin is 14%. But going forward if you are able to win new projects do see 
in FY23 second half and FY24 onward our margin, our run rate spiking up to 14% to 16% which 
we have seen in the past also, any thoughts or any light on this sir? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Well, Jiten I would say that it’s not a printed percentage that it will be the same. But I always 
believe that, there are projects which gives you lower margins. Some projects, as you rightly 
said, which gives you 17%, 18% margin as well. But at the same time if you talk it on a year-
on-year basis, and at an average margin, 14% to 15% is a decent margin I would say which can 
be achieved and do our endure always as we mentioned that we try to do the best in terms of 
cost cuttings, in terms of management of idling, but we need to always remember that working 
in urban infra, which gives you a very specific margin of such good numbers that we maintain, 
also attracts problems with respect to delays, cost overruns. So looking at the increase and 
decrease on an average level, maintaining this margin, is a decent margin to be there as I feel. 
Jiten Rushi: 
We appreciate the margin are really good. I was just taking an insight because now we’re doing 
some STP work also and if you are able to do some different geography or different work in 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
different geographies that can have an impact on the margin, but overall 14% to 15% I 
understand we can easily maintain based on the existing order backlog.  
Nalin Gupta: 
So, with the orders of existing order books that we have bagged of around Rs.12,000 crore, I 
would say that we will be able to maintain the margins. And of course little bit some basis point 
plus or minus is always there. But I don’t see any substantial increase in the margin to be honest. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Parvez Akhtar Qazi from Edelweiss Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sir, two questions from my side. First, if you could let us know about update of some of our 
major projects like the postal road in CIDCO, the Mithi River Package that doing, the Dwarka 
Expressway and the Surat metro? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, with respect to the coastal road project, it is recently bagged, and the preliminary works are 
ongoing. But we should surely see revenue coming in FY23 for the same project. Mithi Tunnel 
we have already started the work and we have received payments worth around and top line 
close to 30 to 40 crores. So, the work is well in swing and the TBM assembly is already going 
on, the shaft is nearly completed. So, we should be starting with the lowering of TBM in the 
month of June or July. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
And about the Surat metro and Dwarka Express? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, Dwarka Expressway you can see that there is a good revenue that has been received from 
Dwarka Expressway to the tune of close to around Rs.800 crores in FY22. So, the work is in full 
swing in line with the timelines. So, I don’t see any issues with regards to Dwarka Expressway, 
it’s in full swing and which was the other one you were asking me, Surat Metro, so Surat Metro 
also we have received payments, the work has recently been started because there was some land 
equation issues and change in alignments by the local authorities there. So, but now, we are 
already mobilized in a proper way and work is in proper swing and in this financial year itself, 
we expect to lower the TBM into the shaft. The TBMs has already been refurbished at Surat and 
some minor works are pending. So, the launching shaft should be ready or somewhere around 
December or January. So in this financial year, we should be able to lower the tunnel boring 
machines as well there, we have already started casting of tunnel segments also in Surat. And 
the station also we have already in proper line and there are three machines which are already 
operational for that job. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sure. And one bookkeeping question for Arvind, what is the total cash and bank balance and the 
FDR? 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Arvind Gupta: 
FDR is Rs.376 crore and cash and bank balance near about Rs.133 crores. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
FDR you said is Rs.376 crore? 
Arvind Gupta: 
Rs.376 crore is the FDR. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Okay, and cash and bank balance is Rs.133? 
Arvind Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manjul Agarwal from Green Portfolio. Please 
go ahead. 
Manjul Agarwal: 
Sir, I wanted to ask that, there have been very frequent changes in KNB in last two years, like 
they have been resignation of two Independent Directors as well as the CFO. Would you like to 
comment on that? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Yes, so Manjul basically, our earlier appointed CFO. Firstly, I would like to emphasize on the 
point that Arvind Gupta who was the CFO, he has not left the company is very much with the 
organization. But looking at the growth of the company and diversified order books as well as 
the better governance that we wanted. We have given him a separate portfolio with regards to 
taxation and additional personnel Mr. Bhandari had joined, but due to some personal issues that 
he had with his previous companies, he was not able to be regular into the office. So that’s how, 
as it was the initial period we thought it would be more better to a point a new CFO and a 
competent person as a replacement to him without being waiting for his return with his earlier 
commitments, so that’s how the reshuffling is there. And Arvind is already there in the company. 
And with regards to the Independent Director when you talk Mr. Srinivasan, so, looking at his 
age, because he has become substantially older in age, so looking at his health conditions, we 
got Mr. Kapoor, who is a very competent person and having a wide, large experience into the 
infrastructure as well, because he has been working in GMR as well into airport sectors so, 
looking at that expect, we thought it to be a better deal to take a more younger person as 
compared to Mr. Srinivasan. So, that was a good move, which was a well though process which 
we have taken the decision. 
Manjul Agarwal: 
Alright. Sir my next question is regarding capital WIP, it has remained almost same at Rs.150 
crores. So, is there a project stuck, can we expect to capitalize this? 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Madan Biyani: 
Yes, of course we’ll be capitalizing decent sum in the current year and the J Kumar House itself 
will get capitalized in the current year as the registration formalities have been done in the current 
year. 
Manjul Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir apart from that receivables have grown by more than 40% can we have some 
information on that, the quality and the age of debtors? 
Nalin Gupta: 
Yes, so, basically it was being for March month, the billing always gets stronger in Q4, which 
is the highest revenue that comes in Q4 and out of this substantial amount is already been 
received by the company in April and May. So, that’s the simple reason which was there and 
there is no any slow moving or any doubtful inflow into that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal with HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, my first question is on the Mumbai Metro project. So, what is the pipeline right now and in 
the upcoming, is there any upcoming packages any new metro projects being planned for MMR? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, in MMR there are metro line 10, 11, 12 and 13 four metro lines that are well into pipeline 
and mainly the first project that should hit the inflow should be metro line 10, which is 
connecting metro line four and metro line nine that is from Thane to Gaimukh, which is on the 
Sala Ghodbunder Road to Dahisar. So, this line which is costing close to around Rs.1200 crore 
Rs.1500 crores should be coming up very soon, because the tender for GC has also been opened. 
So, this line I see very fast to come up in MMR and also the other projects that’s extension on 
metro line five and 11 and 12 which was still DPT Dock that line is also into tendering stage. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. My question is more because in things like large project like coastal roads, trans harbor 
line, larger metro project, flyovers, lot of it, only GMLR is left to be awarded rest all the major 
projects have been awarded. So from your bidding perspective, from MMR which is like 70% 
to 80% of their work order book. So, how do we factor in the order inflows pipeline, because 
otherwise you need to diversify beyond MMR into other geographies, ramp up Delhi or UP or 
Gujarat or Chennai. So, someone has to like for making that balance to deduction in order 
inflows likely to happen from MMR. So, how do we need to balance it just wanted to understand 
that? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So, Parikshit as you are aware that J Kumar we have not been a Maharashtra focused company, 
it’s basically focused on the projects that we believe to be good for the organization. So, if you 
look at till 2010 we were mainly focused into Maharashtra but in the past 12 years, we have 
become a pan India Company and Delhi, Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP these areas have also been a 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
server band has been becoming more broader and like recently we bagged the order from Delhi 
Metro for Rs.600 crores. So, our focus is always there on a pan India basis looking at projects 
where we feel that projects are good with terms of cash flow with terms of margins. So that’s 
the only focus that we go for and right now also there are projects of Delhi Sena Bhawan for 
building this Satara Medical College, Satara Sainik School, Pune Administrative Building, 
Hospital in Goregaon by BMC with regards to, this is totaling to around Rs.5000 crores worth 
of projects in building line, whether you talk of expressway from Shirsad to Akloli that is flyover 
and road, your coastal road from Dahisar to Bhayandar West which is a Rs.1500 crore job that’s 
only EPC mode that coming up and the tendering work is in process, the NIT has already been 
published. There is a four lane of bridging in Rajgad, Raigad there is Nariman Point to Cuffe 
Parade sea bridge has been proposed of around Rs.300 crores there are bridges in Mumbai, close 
to around Rs.1700 crores that’s coming up. There is Chennai underground metro projects 
totaling around Rs.6000 crores there are six packages altogether where the tendering process is 
on, there is a sewerage tunnel project close to around Rs.500 crores that we have recently 
submitted and we are very likely that we should be able to hit the project looking at the complex 
nature of work and the expertise of J Kumar. And again there are some power houses and water 
and STP projects in Uttarakhand as well that we have been targeting. So Rs.20,000 crores worth 
of projects as of now before, which is at the early stage of FY23. We are talking of, so even if 
20%, 25% strike rate, we should be able to back the order book that we target for.  
Parikshit Kandpal:  
Great, thanks for elaborating that. The second question is sir the guidance which you have given 
like Rs.5000 revenue guidance in midtown. So, for achieving that we need to substantially ramp 
up our order inflows at least we need to do that Rs.8,000 to Rs.10,000 of inflows at least from 
two years from here. So are we well pleased to get those kinds of inflows in terms of building 
up skills, expertise, competencies, geographical diversification, because at 5000 run rate or 
having Rs.15,000 crores, you should at least have Rs.3000 crore order backlog so that will 
require at least Rs.8000 to Rs.10,000 crores of inflows. 
Nalin Gupta: 
We’ll Parikshit I will take your point and I appreciate what you’re seeing is fairly right. And we 
are well prepared as we said that, we like to give a number which is like more on the safer side, 
but yes, we are open to bagging orders close to Rs.10,000 crores also and like our automation to 
handle projects worth around Rs.15,000 to Rs.20,000 crore we are well geared up and with the 
reputation of the company, the technical skills, the wonderful team at J Kumar that we have, and 
the ownership attitude at J Kumar. And bagging in and executing such projects wouldn’t be an 
issue, but as we always say that margins which is our main focus, like you become too big but 
you lose your bottom line that we don’t want to happen. So that’s how we like to be very 
selective, though we may be sounding a little low or pessimistic, but our focus in terms of margin 
is always the primary area. So that’s how we have been giving a guidance close to around 5000 

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
crore, but we are open to bagged orders from Rs.8000 to Rs.10,000 crore without any discomfort, 
with a strong balance sheet of course of J Kumar that you can see. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Right. So just on building segments sir, now it is 8% of the order book. So first of all, how much 
inflows we had in building segment in FY22 and how are you looking to make the segment 
bigger and meaningful to the overall execution and order book because the revenue contribution 
is hardly about 5% from the segment. So, I know you spoke 5000 crores of building prospects, 
but as the serious intensity of ramping up this vertical which has a huge potential and there’s a 
huge shortage of contractors in the EPC building segments. So if you can just touch upon this 
segment and elaborate on a standalone basis how much are we qualified to bid on government 
projects on a building site and potentially how much of order inflows and going ahead what 
could be the potential contribution of this segment can it become like 20%, 80% to 20% of the 
order book in next three years? 
Nalin Gupta: 
So Parikshit with regards to potential I already mentioned you that out of this Rs.20,000 around 
Rs.5000 for building projects, we have already mentioned that and we at J Kumar, we have been 
qualified with a single certificate of close to Rs.1000 crore plus certificate that has come up 
through Alwar. And recently we have been doing work of building works at Lucknow as well. 
So building works, we have a substantially good certification, where we can take up these type 
of jobs, but building we look for an opportunity of the right work at the right place and at margins 
that we need. So building has been a focus and that’s how from the last couple of years we have 
started looking into building works as well. And we’ll continue to do that and we’ll try the best 
to explore this opportunity to the best as possible where the company is comfortable. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, sir just last thing if Arvind or Mr. Biyani can answer it or you can answer. So, has there 
been any big inflows on the mobilization advance towards the end of March because the current 
liabilities look to be on a higher side. So is there any one offs there like, a big chunk coming in 
the fourth quarter? 
Madan Biyani: 
As of March 31st, we have total mobilized in advance of Rs.547 crores and we expect further 
Rs.300 crores to receive for the newer projects later on. And in the quarter of March, the Q4 
March, we had received Rs.59 crores from Surat Metro as mobilization advance. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, what was this number in December ‘21, the mobilization advance in December ‘21 closing 
balance? 
Madan Biyani: 
December 2021, just give me a second. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Or maybe you can answer it later, no problem sir.  

 
J Kumar Infraprojects Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Nalin Gupta: 
It was Rs.450 crore as on March ‘21.  
Madan Biyani: 
December it was almost same as of March ‘21. It was Rs.450 crore which was one year before. 
December it is almost same w will share the numbers with you later on. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nalin Gupta: 
I would like to thank once again to all of you for joining us on this call today. We hope we have 
been able to answer your queries. Please feel free to reach out to our CFO or IR team for any 
clarifications or feedback. Thanking you and assuring you of our best efforts at all times. Thank 
you very much.  
Arvind Gupta: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
