 
Date: 06th June, 2022 
To  
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Bandra Krla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051, 
NSE Symbol: SALASAR 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, 
BSE Scrip Code: 540642 
 
 
Subject: Earning call Transcript of Q4FY-22 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 
enclosed herewith the transcript of conference call of Q4FY-22 held on 02nd June, 2022 and 
information asked during con call, enclosed as reply of con call queries, for your record and 
further dissemination 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Salasar Techno Engineering Limited  
Q4 FY-22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SHASHANK AGARWAL - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PRAMOD KUMAR KALA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
ANALYST: 
MR. ROHIT ANAND, ERNST & YOUNG LLP 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Salasar Techno Engineering Limited, Q4 
and FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rohit Anand from Ernst & Young. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Rohit Anand: 
Thank you. And good afternoon everyone, before we proceed let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties, and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that 
could cause future results performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
To take us through the financial results and developments and to answer your questions today, 
we have the senior management of Salasar Techno Engineering represented by Mr. Shashank 
Agarwal - Joint Managing Director and Mr. Pramod Kumar Kala - Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the past quarter by Mr. Agarwal followed by a 
Q&A session. I will now handover the call to Mr. Shashank Agarwal. Over to you, sir. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Thank you. And good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Salasar Techno Engineering Limited, I 
welcome you all on the Q4 and FY22 Earnings Call. I hope everybody is safe and is in good 
health. We have already uploaded the Investor Presentation on the company website and at stock 
exchanges and I hope you have gone through the same. 
Salasar with its established market presence and a strong track record have been delivering a 
consistent performance over the years underpinned by positive financial metrics and robust order 
book. Repeat orders from well-known customers including Indus Towers, American Towers, 
Reliance Jio, Indian Railways, State Electricity Boards, and many other customers provide 
ample opportunity for us to maintain the growth momentum with a low counterparty risk in 
terms of payments. 
Our new heavy steel structure division is consistently showing a stable growth with the plant 
being fully booked for manufacturing for the next one year, with the supply of rail/road bridge 
structures, plant structures and prefabricated building structures, etc.  
Moving on to the financial highlights: 
During FY22, the company reported a consolidated revenue of Rs.719 crores, a 20.5% year-on-
year growth as compared to Rs.597 crores in FY21. This is the highest ever revenue for us since 
inception. Manufacturing of steel structures contributed 77%, EPC for power transmission 
contributed 18% and EPC from railway electrification contributed 5% to the overall revenues in 
FY22. This was 80% from manufacturing steel structures, 14% from EPC-power transmission 
and 6% from EPC from railway electrification during FY21.  

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
EBITDA at Rs.69 crores was up by 21% year-on-year as against Rs.57 crores in FY21. EBITDA 
margin was stable at 9.6%. PAT for the year was at Rs.32 crores as compared to Rs.30 crores in 
FY21, a 5.2% year-on-year growth. PAT margin stood at 4.4% in FY22. Net debt position stood 
at Rs.238 crores as on 31st March 2022, with the gearing at a comfortable range of below 1x 
level.  
In Q4 FY22, the company reported a consolidated revenue of Rs.212 crores, which is more or 
less on the similar lines as to Q4 of FY21 revenue. The EBITDA for Q4 FY22 was at Rs.16 
crores as compared to Rs.19 crores in Q4 FY21. The EBITDA margin for Q4 FY22 stood at 
7.6% as against 9.1% reported in Q4 FY21, a 154-basis year-on-year decline due to abnormal 
and unprecedented volatility in the commodity prices both for steel and zinc. The company 
reported a profit after tax of Rs.7 crores during this quarter.  
We have an overall order book of Rs. 1,182 crores as on 31st March 2022 on the back of strong 
order inflows in our new growing vertical of heavy steel structure division. The breakup of the 
order book is as follows: we have unexecuted EPC orders of Rs. 808 crores, L1 EPC orders of 
Rs. 130 crores, manufacturing orders outstanding under heavy steel structure division of Rs. 200 
crores and Rs. 44 crores of export orders of telecom towers in hand. In addition to above order 
book, the company received telecom orders for tower structures on a rolling basis on a site-to-
site basis, as Salasar always has almost Rs. 30 to 35 crores of orders in hand on monthly basis. 
The unexecuted orders of Rs. 200 crores at our heavy steel structure division as on 31st March 
2022 has increased from Rs. 163 crores as on 31st December 2021. 
To capitalize on the growing industry demand, we are undergoing capacity expansions. In Hapur 
Unit III, in UP, we will be adding a new galvanizing unit at a cost of Rs. 50 crores with a capacity 
of 96,000 metric tons which is expected to be commissioned by December 2022. The total 
galvanizing would reach to almost 2 lakh metric tons capacity after the commissioning of this 
new facility. Under heavy steel structure division also, we are coming up with a second plant of 
25,000 metric tons capacity in Bhilai, Chattisgarh at a cost of Rs. 60 crores. This plant is also 
expected to be commissioned by December 2022 and will help us to tap opportunities in Eastern 
India.  
With the telecom operators looking for better connectivity and potential 5G spectrum auction 
around the corner, we believe huge opportunities are in store for us. We continue to focus on 
building unique structures to fulfill the growing need of diverse industry including telecom, 
power, railways, and some specific needs for industries like solar, bridges and utility poles. 
This is all from my side. I would now request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-
answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Viral Shah from Yes Securities. Please go ahead.  

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Viral Shah: 
Sir, I have three questions one, when you look at in terms of bid pipeline, how is the bid pipeline 
looking in terms of segment wise? You can highlight which are the segments where we are 
seeing a significant attraction in terms of bid that is the first question. Second is in terms of our 
order book, how much of the order book will be fixed price. So, we can understand what will 
the margin going forward on the order book what we have, and thirdly, when we talk about 
capacity addition which is happening at both the facilities and around Rs. 110 crores of kind of 
CAPEX, so post commissioning how much time it will take to stabilize and what will be our 
FY23-24 guidance based on that? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, as far as the bid book is concerned, we have become selective in bidding for the tenders as 
of now because we have a very good order book in hand which would take a while before we 
can execute it. So, we are selectively choosing the tenders wherein we would like to bid which 
have better margins and better payment terms. But anyways we are bidding for tenders in the 
range of Rs 400 to 500 crores. The second question is the overall order book is almost Rs. 1,182 
crores out of which unexecuted EPC orders which are already in hands are almost Rs. 808 crores 
and we have orders of EPC, wherein we have Rs. 130 crores where we are already L1, where 
we are expecting the LOI to be signed. Apart from that we have almost Rs. 200 crores of orders 
on our heavy steel structure division as on March 31st, 2022, which is to be executed over a 
period of next 12 to 16 months.  
Apart from that we have raised the order book from telecom operators and tower wherein we 
supply telecom towers in the range of Rs. 30 to 35 crores every month. As far as the segment is 
concerned, in EPC the orders are mostly in power transmission lines and substations and 
railways. These are the two main sectors which we do in EPC and in terms of transmission, we 
have almost Rs. 361 crores and then railways we have almost Rs. 384 crores and others is Rs.61 
crores which are some other jobs which are similar to a transmission or distribution. We have 
some EPC orders for telecom, also from ITI, Indian Telecom Industry, those are telecom towers, 
but they will come under EPC because we are doing the complete turnkey job over there and All 
India Radio where we are putting up some specialized towers for them under EPC contract. 
That’s the segment wise order book and your third question is on the guidance of March 2023. 
Well, we are poised for a growth of at least 30%, 35% from here for this current financial year. 
We have enough order book; we have enough opportunities available. We have seen the writing 
on the wall and the order book is good. And we are sure that we will be able to give you a top 
line which is up from 30%, 35% from here. 
Viral Shah: 
Fair enough sir. Sir when you look at in terms of margins, how much will be fixed price contracts 
and how much will be partial or variable? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, answer to that question, it’s only one or two contracts which are fixed price contract. There 
are only two contracts which are under fixed price contracts wherein the values of the total 
contract would be in the range of Rs. 50 to 60 crores other than that, all orders are on a price 
variable clause, where in all the ups and downs would be ultimately covered by the customer 
based on the movement in the steel price and zinc prices. 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nandish from Moneycontrol Research. Please 
go ahead.  
Nandish Shah: 
So, my first question is, what was the order inflow for the March quarter and what is the target 
for FY23? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay. So, as on 31st December, we had an order book of almost close to Rs. 980 crores odd. We 
have received orders during this quarter of almost Rs. 200 crores, which wherein we were L1 
and we got orders from EPC. And during this year we have already received orders of almost, 
we are talking about April and May, we are already become L1 in projects which are worth 
almost Rs. 80 crores, where in we are expecting to. I hope that covers your question. 
Nandish Shah: 
Yes, sir. Sir, my next question is, we have seen a bit of volatility in operating margins, what is 
the sustainable operating margins can we expect in the total business? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, if you see the steel prices, and the zinc prices have behaved in a very volatile manner, just 
coincidentally, in the history of commodity prices, the volatility in the margins has actually been 
because of these two commodities behaving in a very sharp manner. What happens is, though, 
our contracts, mostly 90%, 95% of our contracts are PV based contracts. But these PV contracts 
are of course workable, but when suddenly there is an increase every day, in the commodity 
prices, everything cannot be passed on to the customer and it is only the average of the month 
on which the customer gives you a price variant. So, that has caused a little bit of volatility in 
the profit margins. But on a sustainable level, I believe about any EBITDA in the range of about 
10% to 11% with a PAT of the range of about 5% is something which is sustainable in the long 
term. 
Nandish Shah: 
Yes, thanks for your elaborate answer. Sir my third question is, what is your expectation or 
outlook for the solar segment going forward in case you can throw some light on that? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, in solar segment, what happens is the prices of energy, which is being generated from the 
solar sector has actually come down heavily during past few years. And overall, attraction of 
putting up a new solar power plant for any developer is something which has become a question 
at the moment. And when your customer doesn’t make good amount of money, it becomes 
difficult for a supplier or a manufacturer like us to make more money from him. So, solar is 
growing in parts and bits, there is some demand in the solar sector, as a customer, as a developer, 
they have margins on their own working, which ultimately, boils down to us to give better rates, 
or work on a very low margin. So, if we have an opportunity wherein we have orders, which are 
better priced, so we would rather do that rather than doing solar. And that is one of the reasons 
that our business in solar has been very limited one. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Desai from Desai Investments. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Mihir Desai: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly I would like to check that what is our current capacity 
utilization and so basically I wanted a comparable for FY22 and FY21. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay. So, the utilization during FY22 was less compared to FY21  
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. So, can you throw a ballpark number? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, I was saying that compared to FY21 we operated at a lesser capacity in FY22. In FY22, the 
capacity utilization was almost 60% compared to 75% last year. One of the main reasons for less 
capacity utilization has been the abnormal movement in the commodity prices. So, what has 
happened is, the customer has deferred their purchases at the prices which became unsustainable 
for some point in time. And to give you an example, one of our major customers like Indus 
Towers they bought towers worth almost Rs. 225 crores last year, whereas this year, they bought 
only about Rs. 80 crores, Rs. 90 crores, which was at a higher price. There were two reasons, 
one was the abnormally high prices, second was their merger with the Bharti Infratel and 
consolidation in that particular space. Of course, in the EPC business since most of the projects 
are on PV basis, the supplies are made accordingly. But in the private sector, the abnormal high 
steel prices, put a little dent in the supplies, that is one of the main reasons for operating on a 
lesser capacity. Now that the steel prices and the Zinc prices have more or less stabilized and the 
other little downtrend there is a good demand which is coming in from both telecom and other 
sectors also. I hope that covers your question. 
Mihir Desai: 
Yes, it fairly covers sir. Sir my next question would be, can you throw some light on the CAPEX, 
which we are doing at UP and new Chhattisgarh facilities, how much work we have completed 
and what would be your feasible date, when it will come under commission? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay, so for our new galvanizing plant at Hapur, the orders for the machinery and everything 
has been placed. There’s some machinery which is being imported, which is in the process of 
being shipped, probably in the month of June, partly it will be shipped and partly it will be 
shipped in the month of July. There’s some local machinery, which is being manufactured at the 
moment and we should start getting the machine in the month of August, and the land has already 
been bought over and the foundation works for the shed and everything has started over there. 
And the construction of shed is under progress at the moment at UP unit. And we hope that we 
should be getting this operational by end of this year, which is six months from now, or seven 
months from now which is a fairly good practically feasible, reachable kind of a date. For the 
Bhilai unit at Chhattisgarh we are in the process of acquiring land, partly we have already 
acquired, partly the land is being acquired and some of the land would be acquired next week, 
or within this week. And there’ll be some part of the land which would be acquired over the next 
month, and then the construction of shed and everything would begin in the month of July. And 
we also expect that the production should be taken by December 2022, maybe couple of months 
here and there. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. So, sir follow up on this, so how much of the time like once the capacity has commenced, 
how much time we take to ramp up this capacity? 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay, so for the galvanizing plant, there is one particular reason that we are putting up this 
galvanizing plant this is one of the largest in India, is that we have some very good orders for 
power transmission monopoles of bigger diameter, which are better margin products and the 
new plant would especially cater to that. So, once this new plant becomes operational, probably 
we will put one of the existing plants on a whole, on a whole in the sense as a standby and we 
will use the bigger plant to take care of the running production also. And, if the plant is ready by 
December the capacity buildup should not take much time probably in a couple of months or 
three months’ time the whole capacity would be built up in terms of galvanizing plant. Apart 
from the teething troubles or whatever we have, whenever you commission a new plant. As far 
as the new unit at Bhilai is concerned, again, we should be building up capacity by the end of 
this financial year, in next three months when the plant is operational, we should be running at 
a good capacity of almost 60%, 70% and gradually it will come to 80% to 90% within next six 
months to FY 23-24 we are expecting that it should be running at a full capacity. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyam Poddar from Value Equity Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyam Poddar: 
I have three questions. So, this is with regards to the telecom technology. So, if you can help me 
out what is the breakup of the order book between 3G and 4G connectivity, any new bidding 
that we have done in this, when can we expect some traction for 5G technology and if we are 
seeing any orders for 5G technology can we expect some margin improvement? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay. So, to basically clarify, there’s nothing called when we are supplying towers, there is no 
difference between 3G, 4G or 5G. So, you have to understand that there are towers which are 
running a 4G, they would be a mounted with 5G antennas as well. Plus, to enhance the capacity, 
there’ll be a lot of fill in size, where in only 5G antenna will be mounted and used. So, right now 
the focus of all the companies is to increase the connectivity. And for that the 3G is almost 
obsolete, 2G is running in the rural areas. The idea is to increase the 4G connectivity in the rural 
areas as the demand for internet and internet related applications is increasing in the rural areas 
by a tremendous percentage. So, all the companies have geared up to actually increase their 
presence in the rural areas, and they’re increasing the capacity in 4G areas. So, the towers, which 
are being put up in the rural areas at the moment, are typically being put together to increase the 
capacity of 4G. And, of course, these towers will also be used to put up antennas for 5G. That’s 
how these towers have been designed.  
Now coming to 5G enhancing capacity for 5G, the lot of small cell sizes which are going to be 
put up in the urban areas, which has already started, the action has already started. 5G spectrum 
is just around the corner. We were expecting it to happen, it has to be done as per the earlier 
announced policy by the end of June. But it might be announced maybe any day or maybe next 
month. it is anyone’s guess when the government decides to auction that, but the company is 
already gearing up for increasing their 5G presence and they’ve already started putting a lot of 
small cell sites in the urban areas.  

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Of course, the sizes of towers have gone down in terms of tonnage, in terms of height, but the 
number have actually increased. I have mentioned earlier also in my interaction with a lot of 
people. Today India has a little more than 600,000 towers, which actually give it almost around 
800,000 points of connectivity in terms of the shared connectivity, shared towers. And to have 
a 5G rollout effectively spread across all the country probably you need 1 million more points 
of connectivity. As soon as possible, it is anyone’s guess that how much time the companies take 
to actually connect 5G all over the country depending upon the revenue stream and everything. 
So, the opportunity is huge, it is anyone’s guess there are industry leaders who have been talking 
about this. There are people who are going through this, but yes the traction for the rollouts in 
the telecom sector has started, it is much better compared to last year. And as soon as 5G is 
auctioned as I said, a lot of activity would further happen. I hope your question is covered, do 
you. 
Priyam Poddar: 
 
Yes, but that comes with a margin improvement right? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Well, for us we are selling steel and typically in steel whether you’re making a 100 kg part or a 
1000 kg part typically the manufacturing cost remains the same, on a per kg basis more or less. 
So, the buying price also for a customer remains more or less same per kg basis. So, as such, the 
margins would improve only from the point of view of the capacity utilization and better 
efficiency at our end, not because the customer start buying something which is at a higher price, 
the customer is not going to buy it at a higher price, because 5G it takes weaker amount of 
premium for that. No, it only comes from our internal operations. 
Priyam Poddar: 
Okay. If I can squeeze one more, do we need to have any additional capacity for providing 5G 
towers?  
Shashank Agarwal: 
No, not at all. 
Priyam Poddar: 
So, our existing capacity would be able to serve if there is any more demand for this 5G? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, we have enough capacity available. Plus, as I said we are already building a new 
galvanizing plant that will give us enough capacity to produce anything which is required. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyansh Desai from Keynote Financial 
Services. Please go ahead.  
Priyansh Desai: 
So, my question was largely seen in the line of 5G. So, this has been answered, so I am done 
here. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyam Poddar from Value Equity Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Priyam Poddar: 
This is pertaining to our Balance Sheet, what will be the outstanding debtor number which 
includes the retention amount, and if you can highlight the cost of capital or the interest rate that 
we are bound to pay for them? 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Mr. Pramod who’s with me, our CFO is going to answer this question.  
Pramod Kumar Kala: 
So, as far as debtors are concerned our debtors are in the range of a Rs. 250 crores and as far as 
capital cost is concerned, it is around 7% annually. As far as retention is concerned the debtors 
only include retention of Rs. 25 crores out of Rs. 250 crores, Rs. 25 crore retention is there and 
another Rs. 25 crore retention which has been shown as security deposits.  
Priyam Poddar: 
And just one more question. If you can let us know the rationale behind the stock split from 
Rs.10 to face value Re.1, I believe like currently we are trading at in the range of 240 to 250 
range, so why the need of stock split at this juncture? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
As you see in the market there is a less float of equity. And sometimes some investors have 
actually approached us that there is less liquidity available in the market. This is primarily the 
reason for splitting and nothing else. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from the line of Mihir Desai from Desai 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask you that in our last presentation, if I compare the CAPEX cost plan for 
Bhilai unit was somewhere around 40 crores and now, it is reflecting around 60 crores. So, sir 
can you please throw some light? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, at that particular point in time this was in the initial stages wherein we envisaged CAPEX of 
Rs. 40 crores but keeping in mind the current trend and the requirement of kind of structures 
which are being in demand, which are in demand now, the plant has been sort of redesigned and 
we are expecting more CAPEX to that. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. And one bookkeeping question sir. So, what are the current debt levels and cash levels in 
the book? 
Pramod Kumar Kala: 
So, our current debt level is around Rs. 235 crores and what was your second question? 
Mihir Desai: 
About the cash.  
Pramod Kumar Kala: 
So, what you want to ask exactly cash in bank is around Rs. 10 crores in the books. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. And going forward, we look the debt levels at this current levels or do we see that it hiking 
to some? 
Pramod Kumar Kala: 
So, just to explain you that as far as GI plant is concerned, the new GI galvanization plant we 
have not yet taken any disbursement for that particular CAPEX. Now that CAPEX disbursement 
will be there in this financial year and as far as Bhilai is concerned, we will be applying through 
the bank for the term loan for financing the term loan. So, these two loans will increase in the 
books as for the capacity enhancement. 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Mihir Desai: 
Understood, sir. And sir one macro question which I had, like how are you looking at the industry 
panning around and which are the pockets which you are targeting for say coming years for 
growth going forward?  
Shashank Agarwal: 
Okay. So, of course power transmission is one, telecom is another one, telecom is going to grow 
at a good pace in the next couple of years. We are going to see a lot of traction coming in which 
has already started actually to be honest, and power transmission and railway electrification of 
course going on businesses, the new division of heavy structure steel division has good traction 
wherein we have order book of almost 200 crores and we are targeting the industry over there. 
We have received a very good breakthrough in that sector, wherein we have the new unit which 
was started last year was approved by L&T and Japanese Consortium for making the bridges for 
the bullet train project which is going to be built from Ahmedabad to Mumbai. So, for that 
particular project they are building almost 10,000 tonnes of structures for the bridges. And this 
is going to go for next couple of years. And as soon as probably these structures are under process 
and being delivered, I’m sure government has already announced more such projects, as I believe 
some seven more projects have been announced for bullet train. So, we being one of the first 
movers in that particular sector would definitely have an advantage over the years to come. By 
the time that new project start we would have already delivered certain bridges for this Mumbai 
Ahmedabad project for bullet chain. This would definitely give us an edge and extra, probably 
in terms of qualification to bid for more projects like this. Plus, there’s a lot of expansion which 
is happening in the steel industry in terms of building capacity. Today India’s steel 
manufacturing capacity is only at about 100 million tonnes as compared to China which is 
running at almost 600 million tonnes after closing down 300 million tonnes it was actually at 
900 million tonnes but because of pollution issues and other issues, the industry level, a 
manufacturing industry level, manufacturing capacity level in China for steel is at about 600 
million tons. In India, this government focused to increase the steel manufacturing capacity in 
India and take it to almost 300 million tonnes level by the year 2030. So, all the bigwig like 
Jindal, Tata’s, COSCO, ArcelorMittal, they are running on the expansion plans and building 
capacities for steel manufacturers. That gives us a good business growth area, wherein we would 
help them in putting up those plants and building structures for them. To build a new steel plant, 
you need millions of tonnes of steel to build that particular capacity and to all those structures, 
we are experts in buildings. That is also one of the areas where we are pushing ourselves. I hope 
that covers your question. 
Mihir Desai: 
Yes, sir fairly cover it. Sir just last question on peers. So, when I want to compare our company 
with listed or unlisted peers in the market, so who are the companies that we can, or we should 
select? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
See to be honest with that kind of product that we deliver and deal in there’s no one whom you 
can compare apples to apple. See KEC for that matter, does only EPC business of power 
transmission lines and railway electrification plus manufacturing. So, you can compare our EPC 
business with them. In telecom, we have the maximum number of products which we offer to 
our customers and we are market leaders in telecom, I can proudly say that, and there’s no one 
else in the market whom you can actually compare us with. Nobody has that kind of product 

 
Salasar Techno Engineering Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
range what we have. So, it’s a mix of entities whom you can compare us partly, you can partly 
compare us with KEC, you can partly compare us with Skipper, you can partly compare us with 
Kalpataru in the listed entities. In the unlisted space, probably there are couple of other 
manufacturers who are dealing only in telecom, you can probably compare us with them.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
I believe that it was a good session with each one of you. And I would like to thank, once again 
all of you for joining us for this call today. Your questions of course were insightful, and I 
appreciate your interest in Salasar Techno Engineering. FY22 has been a strong one and we 
remain committed to our code, our operational excellence and deliver those, I look forward to 
speaking to you all once again during our next quarter meeting meanwhile, please feel free to 
reach out to our IR team at Ernst & Young for any clarifications or feedback. Thank you, 
everyone.  
Pramod Kumar Kala: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Salasar Techno Engineering Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
