 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
Dated: 06th June, 2022 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 51 
Scrip Code : PFS 
 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript for Q3 and 9M FY ’22 Earnings Conference call 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the Conference call for Q3 and 9M FY 22 results held on 30th May, 
2022. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
      Sd/- 
(Authorized Signatory) 
 
Enclosed: as above 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY ’22 Earnings Conference call”  
 
May 30, 2022  
 
 
 
                    
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:     DR.      PAWAN SINGH - MD & CEO, PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED                                                 
                                                MR. VIJAY SINGH BISHT - EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD 
DEBT CELL, PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED            
                                                MR. SANJAY RUSTAGI - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND HEAD 
FINANCE, PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                 
                                                MR. SITESH SINHA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND HEAD CREDIT, 
PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED     
   MR. ABHINAV GOYAL - VICE PRESIDENT, PTC INDIA FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED                                                 
                                                MR. AMOL BAXI , VICE PRESIDENT AND  HEAD MONITORING, PTC 
INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                 
                                                MR. SHREY SHIKHAR , ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT-  MONITORING, 
PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                 
                                                MR. 
ANKUR 
BANSAL, 
HEADING 
BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT, 
ASSISTANT 
VICE 
PRESIDENT, 
PTC 
INDIA 
FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
                                                MR. MOHIT SETH - ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT FROM LEGAL 
TEAM, ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, PTC INDIA FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED    
    
                                                                                     
                                      

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 and 9M FY ’22 
Earnings Conference call for PTC India Financial Services Limited 
hosted by S-Ancial Technologies. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Abhinav Goyal, Vice President, PTC India Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
Good afternoon to all. So first, we apologize our investors for delay in 
results, which was due to unprecedented circumstances, which may 
be aware to you all. So today we are having Dr. Pawan Singh, our 
MD & CEO and a team of our senior officials, namely Mr. Vijay 
Singh Bisht, who is Executive Vice President, Head Stress Cell, Mr. 
Sanjay Rustagi, who is Senior Vice President and Head Finance, Mr. 
Sitesh Sinha, Senior Vice President and Head Credit, Mr. Shrey 
Shikhar, who is Assistant Vice President - Monitoring, Mr. Ankur 
Bansal, who is heading Business Development an Assistant Vice 
President, and Shri. Mohit Seth, Assistant Vice President from Legal 
Team.  
                                      So now I request our MD & CEO to kindly guide us for the results. 
Over to you MD sir.  
Pawan Singh:  
So thank you very much. And, sorry for the delay, both in terms of 
today's the technical glitch, which we had and also the delaying the 
presentation of result because of some things beyond control of 
management and company. It do happens in the life of some 
organization that sometimes conflicts do happen. Probably that 
becomes a changing point for the organization that is the way we look 
at it.  
                                      And, at least we are happy today that we are back to you with our 
December results to start with and shortly we will be coming with the 
March results also, once this is over.  
                                      So quickly coming back to the performance of the company up to 
December and nine months. So, I would like to say that for the 
quarter certain highlights, I would like to put. One is that the total 
income was INR 241 crore and interest expense was INR 136 crore, 
and the company had a net interest income of roughly close to INR 
88.56 crore. We made less profit compared to the preceding quarter 
and also comparison to the same quarter in the previous year. And 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
that was not because of anything else, but primarily arising out of the, 
because there have been no further slippages, but because of very 
conservative provisioning which we did in the current year, as we go 
through me and my team will explain the detail why we did it and 
what is the potential of that particular. There is one asset where we 
did a sizeable to it.  
                                      So against impairment on financial instrument that is opening, which 
we did INR 17.02 crore in the preceding quarter, we did a 
provisioning of INR 83.61 crore. So if I take net of provisioning, and 
if I have to compare the numbers, the numbers would have been, in 
fact reflective of these previous quarter, which went preceding 
quarter, which went by and substantially better than earlier quarters.  
                                      So as far as the operational performance is concerned, minus the 
impairment and provision, we have in this quarter we continued to do 
well. And if I have to compare with the corresponding quarter on 
several operating parameters. So my cost of funds came down from 
8.39 to 7.54. And spread was of course flat, 2.86-2.80. So we 
maintained the spread and the NIM has gone up from 3.84 to 4.02, 
and of course the debt equity ratio is fairly improved, it is 3.36, which 
gives us additional room for expansion. And we have brought down 
our gross NPA from INR 896 crore to INR 821 crore in the current 
quarter. And comparison to net NPA has come down from INR 456 
crore on the corresponding quarter of the last year to INR 253 crore 
and today our net NPA stands at 2.74.   
                                      Some of the assets, which of course are known to all of us have got 
dissolved in the fourth quarter, specially the NRRS so that amount 
should go from by both gross NPA or net NPA, so roughly about INR 
125 crore will go out of my net NPA. That should mean that my net 
NPA would be almost half of what it is today, because roughly about 
INR 200 crore close to INR 250 crore is my net NPA and how much 
is the realization Mr. Bisht exact number?  
Vijay Singh Bisht:       INR 127 crore.  
Pawan Singh:             INR 127 crore being the realization. So almost 50% of this will go out 
of the net NPA and correspondingly the amount, which is stand in the 
gross NPA, the total outstanding loan, which is about INR 206 crore 
that will go out of my gross NPA, so similar improvement will be 
seen on the gross NPA.  
                                     Also, it is very important to note that from this part of the quarter, 
which went by, somewhere in the middle. So, we will start getting the 
yield income from this particular loan from realization part . We did 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
one loan account we deal in detail, which is ILFS, where we made 
conservative additional provisioning, but that is also on a very 
advanced stage of resolution and already final giving to NCLT has 
been submitted and ILFS has filed a petition with NCLT with couples 
of hearings has happened and final hearing has happened now, for 
converting it from amber to green. What does it mean? It means that 
debt servicing will start further like this for the lender. Also since they 
have already close to INR 1,500 crore lying in the TRA and we said, 
Government of India measures to scale up, support to power plants. 
So additional liquidity inclusion, PPA support, imported coal pass is 
also being provided. So we are quite hopeful that cash flow from 
ILFS should start, which is already lying there, and 10% will come to 
us upfront, will start happening very shortly, maybe you know 
hopefully this quarter that should happen.  
                                     So this is where we are and we are happy to report at least on the 
stress asset front our, all our efforts, which we have been putting we 
have been able to surface detail of how we have resolved. So we are 
now almost coming to close. There have been no slippages in recent 
past especially in none of our accounts sanctioned in last four years 
have turned into NPA. So that is the plus point, which we have got.  
                                     And we continue to focus on becoming a green sustainable 
infrastructure finance company, and thermal asset portfolio gradually, 
is coming down of the total loan book. New areas, new forums in 
green infrastructure , there is a large pipeline and opportunities. We 
did first electrical mobility project, which was inaugurated by Prime 
Minister last year in UP, where we did funding to 350 buses, and lot 
of EV mobility, especially two wheeler is happening and the 
manufacturing as well as on the aggregation, that is a huge credit 
demand, which is coming.  
                                     Waste to energy waste management is another area which is coming 
up in a big way, and e-mobility is going to have a hockey stick kind 
of a growth and not only the product / project that vehicle which we 
are going to finance to the aggregator, but also the value chain, the 
manufacturing support system, all that also has couple of project 
pipelines. In fact, today it is as much as our renewal pipeline, which is 
our main stay. I am getting proposal from the e-mobility side. So, we 
are looking forward to a great upside in this area in business. And our 
board has started operations and we have a pipeline of over INR 
2,500 crore under sanctioned at various stages. So this is the overall 
view and picture, which I have given and I'll ask Sanjay to add on 
financial figures, which I have already said they can add on that. And 
we will be happy and my entire team is there from business 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
development, from monitoring, from credit, from legal side, operation 
side, and will be happy to answer any of queries. So thank you.  
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Hi, good afternoon to everyone I'm just giving the financial highlight 
for the quarter ended December 2021. First, I'm just comparing the 
numbers of Q322 versus Q321. It means the current quarter versus 
same quarter of the proceeding year. The total income for Q322 stood 
that INR 241.09 crore as compared to INR 269.39 crore in Q321. 
Profit before tax & Profit after Tax for the Q322 stood at INR 9.50 
crore and INR 6.93 crore as compared to INR 32.90 crore and INR 
20.85 crore respectively.  
                                     The yield on the earning portfolios stood at 10.34% in Q322. Debt 
equity ratio is at a very comfortable level at 3.36% and it has 
improved from 4.09% the same quarter last financial year. The net 
interest margin of earning portfolio has improved to 4.02% as 
compared to 3.84%. The spread of earning portfolio for Q3FY22 
stood at 2.80% as compared to 2.86%. It is almost the same there is a 
lot of improvement in the cost of borrowing, and it has been reduced 
to 7.54% as compared to 8.39%. And if we compare the financial 
number of Q3FY22 versus previous quarter that is September ended 
21, the net interest income stood at INR 88.56 crore as compared to 
INR 89.30 crore. The Profit before tax PBT stood at INR 9.50 as 
compared to INR 69.96 crore, profit after taxes INR 6.93 crore as 
compared to INR 52.47 crore. The cost to income ratio has been 
improved to 11.23% as compared to 12.16% in the previous quarter.  
                                     And if we summarize the nine months ended this financial year versus 
nine month of last year financial year, the net interest income for nine 
months stood at INR 257.47 crore as compared to INR 256.44 crore. 
The total income for nine months stood at INR 737.38 crore as 
compared to INR 864 crore. The profit before tax for nine months is 
INR 140 crore as compared to INR 123.96 crore. The profit after tax 
has been improved to INR 105 crore for nine months as compared to 
INR 79.27 crore. The yield on the earning portfolio stood at 10.62% 
and the net interest margin is 3.99% as compared to 3.53%. The 
business disbursement in the nine months stood at INR 3,508 crore. 
The portfolio as on 31st December, 2021 is INR 9,836 crore and 
capital adequacy ratio is 22.50%. These are the financial highlights 
for the period ended December 21’. I'm handing over the mike to MD 
sir. 
Pawan Singh:  
So I asked Mr. Ankur Bansal, who is Head of Business group to give 
you very short snapshot on the business growth and how are we 
positioned on the business side.  

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Ankur Bansal: 
Thank you, sir. As Sir had already highlighted so we have a pipeline 
upwards of INR 2,500 crore. In fact, the pipeline approximately 
would be around INR 3,500 crore to INR 4,000 crore as on date. And 
we have been focusing on diversified sectors, like roads, ports, 
airport, logistics, manufacturing of electric vehicles, electric mobility, 
water, waste management, ethanol manufacturing, etc. So, our focus 
is both on the conventional infrastructure sectors, along with the 
sunrise and sustainable financing sectors also.  
                                     Apart from that, like PFS has always been known to be very nimble in 
its approach. So accordingly, we are focusing on lot of companies in 
the sunrise sector, and we are also supporting upcoming companies in 
sectors like EV, water and waste management, which needs the   
growth capital to grow in future.  
                                     So like, and we also believe to be having the first mover advantage in 
new sectors so that we are able to make good yields in these sectors 
and which also gives us good visibility and a first mover kind of tag 
in these upcoming sectors. Apart from that, apart from diversified 
sectors, we were always focused on diversified products also.  
                                     So apart from traditional project financing, we also focused lot on 
structured funding, bridge loans, short term working capital loans, and 
revolving construction finance kind of loans, which gives us visibility 
in terms of diversification of the products, as well as it also helps us 
to improve the yield on our portfolio, which MD sir has just 
highlighted, it is around 4% margin which we are earning on our yield 
portfolio. And then we are also looking at some marquee deals like 
recently Adani has been given this Ganga Expressway project, which 
is the longest expressway in India  in the state of UP, so we are also 
evaluating that project and we are looking for funding in that road 
stretch.  
                                     So going forward like I like said, it is highlighted that our focus would 
be on diversification in our sectors, as well as diversification in our 
products, which we have been doing in the past and being a nimble 
organization, we would support companies in these growth and 
sunrise sectors, so that as these companies grow, we will have more 
funding opportunities in these companies.  
                                     And on EV sector specifically we have a pipeline of around INR 900 
crore and in EV sector apart from funding companies having 
concession agreements with the state government, We are funding the 
entire value chain of EV in terms of supporting companies in 
manufacturing electric vehicles into supporting companies which do 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
leasing works for EVs for various FMCG companies etc. So, we are 
funding the entire value chain of EV sector. And this is giving us a 
very good visibility on this sector going forward.  
                                     So that's -- I'll hand over the mic to MD sir, for any addition.  
Pawan Singh:  
Thank you. Now I request to Mr. V S Bisht, to give a little bit 
snapshot on the work he has done on the stress asset resolution. So 
very short I'll request him to be as brief as possible so that we have 
more time for question and answers.  
Vijay Singh Bisht: 
Thank you, sir. Our company was going through an issue which was 
not in our control, but still we were active in the resolution of stress 
accounts. And we have been fairly successful as MD sir has already 
pointed out. We have already resolved an asset, which would be 
getting reflected the Q4 result, where we are out of INR 206 crore of 
the principle amount we have already got INR 127 crore, the total 
resolution amount was INR 134 crore, which is as per the book value. 
So that has been resolved in Q4, so the positiveness will flow in the 
Q4 result.  
                                     Secondly, in the case of NSL, which was in the news in the recent 
past, we have got positive verdict in favor of PFS. If you could 
remember that in this account resolution process under NCLT was 
going and where we have appealed against the decision of NCLT in 
NCLAT. And when that also what went against PFS and then we 
have appealed in the Supreme Court. We have gone to the Supreme 
Court and after a long time, the case in Supreme Court was last 
argued in the month of December of 2021. And after a five months 
the honorable Supreme Court has come out with a landmark decision, 
which is going to help other lenders also wherein the PFS stand was 
positively viewed, and now going forward, PFS would get a seat in 
CoC.  
                                     Impact of this decision is that, that we have got a lots of collateral 
securities in this loan account, like check bouncing case of INR 125 
crore plus promoters guarantee plus personal guarantee of the 
promoters, now will go all out against this loan account wherein we 
will be very aggressive in taking back our loan. So it is a very positive 
development and going forward, we assume that this case would get 
resolved in our favour. The third account which was -- where there 
was some development was ILFS group loan account , which was 
beyond the control of the group, it was due to promoter’s problem. 
Otherwise the plant was operational from 2015 and 2016, and 
recently there has been  power demand supply issues in the power 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
front.                                              This plant was on the stop mode in 
the last three, four more months due to the high cost of imported coal. 
But after the recent development due to the power shortage 
Government of India has pitched in wherein they have taken tough 
decision in the month of May. That is the variable cost has to be 
passed through and PFS has also disbursed around INR 350 crore 
under liquidity infusion scheme, plus TANGEDCO who had a 
overdue of around of INR 2,000 crore, they have also agreed to pay 
around INR 75 crore every week till up to INR 1,500 crore. So in five 
months TANGEDCO would be liquidating around INR 1,500 crore. 
This is apart from around INR 1,500 crore, which is lying in the TRA, 
which is subject to once NCLAT gives a green signal on the 
conversion of the category from amber to green, that amount would 
flow to the entire lender. 
                                     And the first unit of the plant has already started working, and it has 
started the supplying power to TANGEDCO at a pass-through rate.  
                                     So these are the development and there have been small developments 
in other accounts also, like in case of Athena Chhattisgarh whereas 
Vedanta has bid at a cost, which is more than the liquidation cost. So 
we will be getting more than what is there in the book value. So it is 
again, a positive development which will come in the subsequent 
quarter. And I think in case of stress account, as of now, we are in a 
very good position, which was there 3-4 years back where it was 
around, INR 2,000 crore of stress account, now it has come down to 
around INR 600 crore and INR 700 crore taken into account of 
NRSS. Thank now back to Dr. Pawan Singh.  
Pawan Singh:  
Before we just shift to Q&A, just on the liquidity position, I request 
Abhinav just be very brief and give you a snapshot of liquidity.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes. So very good afternoon. So the company is having ample 
liquidity in terms of available credit line. It's more than INR 1,000 
crore and we are maintaining adequate HQLA of more than INR 600 
crore. So, that money is not only sufficient for meeting our immediate 
business development and planning, but also to meet any liability, any 
contingent liability, and any unforeseen liability in near future.  
                                     Now, as we got to new lines, we are into discussion, although bankers 
are insisting for having yearly financial, but yes, we are in discussion 
and they agreed to move it further to certain level. And in between the 
requisite formalities , other formalities I mean to say, will also be get 
completed. And we are not visualizing any challenge in terms of 
liquidity, as of now for the company. Over to you sir.  

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Pawan Singh:   
Yes. And Sitesh would you like to say something over the credit 
appraisal and just very short, very briefly.  
Sitesh Sinha 
Yes. For Q3 our sanction and disbursement has exceeded for last 
three years. We have done the remarkable number in terms of 
sanction and disbursement. Sanction standalone in Q3 was INR 1,851 
crore and disbursement was also INR 1,821 crore. And taking 
together all this Q3, our sanction number was INR 41,450 crore and 
gross disbursement was INR 3,507 crore. As Ankur Bansal has also 
explained, and Dr. Pawan Sigh has also explained that most of the 
exposure in this Q3 and this FY21-22 till Q3, was mainly into 
renewable and especially new sector, we are finally after talking, we 
have disbursed in that electric vehicle project that Mr. Modi has 
inaugurated in UP. And for road project we have sanction INR 930 
crore and in the sanction side, we have also explored a new sector, 
which is very marquee projects in airport sector, which is a Goa 
International Airport, we have sanctioned it, and very soon it'll 
convert into disbursement also which is being developed by GMR. So 
these are the all work what we have done till Q3 sanction.  
Pawan Singh:  
Yes. Thank you. So now we'll go ahead with the Q&A and we'll be 
happy to answer any of your question.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The first question from the line of Harshata 
Gupta an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Harshata Gupta: 
What I wanted to check was, is the company looking to diversify into 
new business segment. Also, when will the company be back to 
normal business operations?  
Pawan Singh:  
Yes, so, you know I'll just give a brief answer. And then I will ask 
Ankur Bansal to give a detail answer to this. So we are already back 
to normal business. So we are taking credit cases to our board for 
sanction. We are doing appraisal, we are doing business development 
and as far as the pipeline goes, Mr. Ankur Bansal will give you details 
as to what are the pipelines.  
Ankur Bansal: 
Yes. Ma’am we have a pipeline of more than INR 3,500 crore as 
ondate and this is into diversified sectors as I have already highlighted 
into sectors like  airports, roads, ports, logistics, renewable energy, 
water, waste management, electric mobility, and also into upcoming 
sector like ethanol manufacturing. So apart from diversification we 
already have this pipeline in place. And we have been doing this 
diversification since last 2-3 years. Along with that apart from 
diversification of the sectors, we also have a very nimble approach 
towards various clients./ So we are doing innovative financing 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
structures also like the regular project funding and along with that we 
do structured  funding at the Holdco level, revolving construction 
finance, which has proven very helpful for fast growing companies in 
these sustainable financing sectors. We do bridge funding, also last 
mile capital  funding. So apart from the diversification in sector we 
have been providing an entire gamut of services to our various clients. 
And this basically helps the company to maintain good margins on its 
portfolio because these  structured loans and the innovative financing 
structures give good yields to the company and also good visibility. 
Apart from that we like as I already told that PSF has always believed 
in having a first mover advantage in all these sectors, so we are also 
supporting the upcoming companies, which may be small in scale and 
size as of now in these sunrise sectors like electric vehicles, water, 
waste management, because we see a lot of traction in these sectors. 
A lot of investors like SBI Neev fund, SBI Ventures and Nomura etc.  
are funding these sectors. So, this gives these companies give a lot of 
growth opportunities. So, as we go along the entire value chain with 
these companies, we also plan to have more funding in these sectors. 
That's from my side.  
Harshata Gupta: 
Right, One more question. So what is the impact that ILFS has on the 
financial performance of the company and why was the fraud not 
reported earlier, and why now?  
Pawan Singh:  
Yes. In the Q322, we made a provision of INR 29.51 crore pertaining 
to ILFS Tamil Nadu in this quarter.  
Pawan Singh:  
Your earlier question, I think still needs to be answered because you 
said why. Because fraud got declared only in February 14th. So that is 
how it happened in this one. So earlier there was no fraud, which was 
declared, but also, let me tell you, though fraud has been declared, but 
it is an act of the previous promoter of management. Now, the 
promoter change of Management has recognized by the RBI also, and 
restricting has been approved by the RBI. Even the NCLT in principle 
has approved the restricting plan. Only some modifications in the 
restricting plan have got to be reapproved by the NCLT. So as far as 
the new management is concerned, this is basically government 
backed management has taken over ILFS and the restructuring of the 
same as been approved by the RBI.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of John Matthew, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir.  

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
John Matthew: 
Hi. So, what was the change in terms and conditions of, Patel Daraah 
and how that project is performing and what is the impact of change 
in condition on the financials of the company?  
Sitesh Sinha:  
As far as the status of the Patel Daraah that is the road project of 
NHAI HAM in the Rajasthan. The company has done the 
construction about 90%, and they have been recently awarded pre- 
COD (PCOD) certificate from NHAI. That means company is now 
eligible to receive the annuity payment since July 2022 onwards. So 
as far as there is no change in the financials of the company, the 
conduct in our books of account is a standard account, as well as the 
project has been commissioned as per the timeline given by the 
NHAI. So, there was altogether delay for more than six months, but 
nearly on account of COVID-19, so this is the status of account. 
Number two, related to the change in the disbursement condition, so 
what we have analyzed and observed there is no change in the pre-
disbursement condition. The allegation of the earlier IDs was that we 
have shifted the particular requirement from pre-disbursement to 
other conditions. So that was observed. It has been verified by our 
legal team, external legal team, and third party also. It is captured in 
the loan agreement as pre-disbursement condition, and that particular 
condition was compiled before our execution of facility agreement.  
John Matthew: 
Okay. As you mentioned, allegations of ID we have gone through all 
the allegations of ID and these all were operational issues. So what 
was the experience of IDs in banking sector and what is the actual 
issue due to which IDs resigned, if you could highlight on that?  
Pawan Singh:  
See issues is already there in public domain, and it’s a historical issue 
now, so happened in January. So it’s in public domain and some of 
the points, which you highlighted now and in fact, in the previous 
portion, one of the issues were also raised, we have answered it, and 
as righty said, these are operational issues, which have been settled.  
John Matthew: 
So has the IDs pointed out the issue of corporate governance earlier 
any time before their resignation? If yes, then how many times?  
Pawan Singh:  
No, they've never pointed out. And in fact, in October itself, they 
have in August , they have said the corporate governance is good in 
this company, and in October, one of the points raise by them was 
information flow and that they have given excellent rating. In fact, in 
month of November, one of the ID tenure was coming to end who 
also applied for extension.  
John Matthew: 
Okay. I have one last question. There are media needs of some 
KPMG report about appointment of Director Finance. So what was 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
the report about, and that it says, and what was the experience and 
qualification of Shri. Ratnesh selected as a Director Finance.  
Pawan Singh:  
See, you know, I think whatever you have read in media is available 
in media must have done it’s work and put it in the public domain. So 
as far as we are concerned, since this is confidential, it'll be difficult 
for us to share. But the fact is that, you know, Mr. Ratnesh’s 
selection, there were smokes around that. And that is why his 
selection could not take place. And normally we follow transparent 
process through advertisement. And the selection of director should 
be through an open transparent process of advertisement with proper 
determination of NBFC banking background and with proper 
qualification. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sunil, an 
Individual Investor. Please go with your question. 
Sunil: 
Yes. Hi, good evening, everyone. This is Sunil as I have observed 
portfolio of the company is on declining trend, and we understand that 
the company's not doing any business for quite a few months, if I'm 
not wrong, maybe from January 2022. Someone just mentioned from 
the management team that the company has adequate liquidity. So my 
questions are, two questions are there why the company is not doing 
the business despite adequate liquidity. And second, what are the 
growth plans for FY23 Thank you.  
Sitesh Sinha: 
Yes. See our September ‘21, our book size was INR 9,299 crore close 
to INR 9300 crore. In December 21, we have increased our book size 
to INR 9800 crore, so there was no declining in the previous quarters. 
So, that’s why the Q3 was the incremental, we have done the growth 
in the Q3 as you have rightly said, post Q3, very few business, we 
have not done business in Q4, so that situation we have sanctioned, 
we have not done any.  
Pawan Singh:  
So fourth quarter was something which because of this special 
situation, which got created, we could not do business. Now we are 
back to business again, and our board is taking up proposals. So we'll 
make up for whatever one quarter we have lost. I wish because the 
way we were going about it, we would have this would've been the 
because as Mr. Sitesh was telling, on the loan sanction for the nine 
months, 21-22 against INR 2069, we did INR 4,150 and against 
disbursement INR 1,316, we did INR 3,508. So this is the highest 
possible growth we could have ever achieved. 100% in sanctions and 
166% in disbursement. We were in a very different mode and so 
fourth quarter would have had a similar spectacular kind of 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
performance  but that is offset by the good work which we have done 
quite a bit, by the good work which we did in the preceding three 
quarters. Now we are back to business. So we'll make up for this one 
quarter, very shortly, maybe in a quarter or two.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saumil Mehta 
from Mehta Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Saumil Mehta: 
Yes. Could you share some light on why SEBI has put a bar on 
appointment of new independent directors without a forensic audit?  
Pawan Singh:  
Yes, so it has not put a bar. So, I think we should read the language 
the way it is written, and it says that you can appoint the directors 
only after the forensic studies completed. And not only that, they also 
asked for a report from the holding company because holding 
company also is preparing a report on this and to my information 
because the holding company matter, it would not be proper for me to 
comment on that, but whatever relative information I have, if that 
should also happen quickly. So they have said that you can do it only 
after these two things are available.  
Saumil Mehta: 
Okay. Sure. Could you tell me is an overall impact of this issue of 
resignation of these independent directors on the financial 
performance of our company.  
Pawan Singh:  
See we were just mentioning that the way we did nine months, one 
quarter, we could have done, you know, we it could have done 
because last quarter is the best quarter for our company and especially 
the last quarter is where we do the maximum. So the way we are 
going ahead, we would have done it would've been a magnificent year 
for us. Nine months of course was magnificent, but this could have 
been even more magnificent, but that we lost out. Other than that, yes, 
we continue to, as I said, we would continue to make up for what part 
of it got offset by the nine months you know, performance you did 
and whatever we lost, we will try to make up in maybe in a quarter or 
two.  
Saumil Mehta: 
Okay. So my next question is based on those line only so due to all of 
these impacts, bankers of our company put any bar on our credit lines, 
like how many credit lines are available at this point. 
Pawan Singh:  
Abhinav has very clarified on the liquidity. I again, requested to 
amplify.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes. So banker have also taken the cognizance of this situation and 
they have asked certain information, which we have provided. So 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
time and again, they're asking and at times they may require to take 
some internal approval but as and when the fund being required by us, 
they're supporting us and they have released the fund to work. In 
addition to that we are having more than INR 600 crore which I just 
mentioned to meet any contingencies. So in terms of liquidity we are 
quite comfortable and have INR 600 crore in addition to the normal 
cash inflow, which we used to receive on monthly basis. And again, 
we are having a credit lines on more INR 1000 crore, which is 
available, so bankers are quite supportive. They support us as and 
when require, although, as of now we have repaid back just three days 
back,  on 27th May we have repaid INR 150 crore to one of the banker 
because we are facing excess liquidity. So, that way we are quite 
comfortable. Thank you very much.  
Saumil Mehta: 
Okay, sure. And lastly, one more final query the credit agency have 
put the rating of our company on watch. On what basis the rating 
agency has taken this position.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes. So this is a kind of unprecedented situation in a corporate world. 
We were also not knowing the situation , they were also not knowing 
the situation. So, they have put the rating on watch, so as you know, 
they will continue to watch the situation and subsequent development. 
The good part is that none of our credit rating agency has asked that 
they are considering adversely our rating or they are deteriorating it 
and, they used to ask our liquidity position on maybe every month or 
two, which we used to provide. And I believe that they are quite 
comfortable with this.  
Pawan Singh:  
Actually, you know, I'll just add to what Abhinav has said just to, you 
know, one is, of course the liquidity position is very good. And also 
like for example, the overall business scenario, the stress asset 
resolution. So as I said, that the net NPA is going to come down to a 
little over 1% in the next year. So my stress asset resolution is, and 
then he talked about NSL case where already we have an offer of INR 
90 crore, so with the Supreme court order in hand, we hope to, you 
know do better than what we have got at hand. And we hope that this 
also should get very quickly. We have already flagged this issue 
before the new board. And we are quite hopeful that a quick decision 
on this will possible and recovery on the count of this. So then, as far 
as the operating margins, etc. are concerned, we continue to do well, 
all those things are taken care of. Nothing, adversial has come from 
any regulatory body. And you know all these things give us quite a bit 
of optimism and hope. And as I said, that huge pipeline is waiting for 
us. So, we are not only going to do businesses as normal, but we are 
going to do business better than what we are. And of course, it goes 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
without standing that we are my parent has, who are 65% back 
holding has a very strong backing on us. And the parents has a very 
strong support from Maharatna companies of India and with a strong 
backing. And backed by counterparty on the backside is also the 
government behind that. So all that support is available to us. And so 
I feel that's good enough for us to move forward and get over this 
glitch which has happened.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta 
from Maximal Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes. So what is the status of the forensic audit right now apart from 
the stage three NPAs, which you gave the information about, what is 
the likely provisions that we may end up making because of the 
findings of the forensic audit as per your best knowledge as of now?  
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Forensic auditor has been appointed and as you are aware, we have 
already informed to exchange as well. And they are going to start 
their work very soon. And we are expecting the report in the month of 
June.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. So, basically only after June 2022 results will we come to 
know what is the additional provisions, if any, which is required to be 
paid?  
Sanjay Rustagi: 
As a management, whatever available facts are there, we made the 
provision accordingly. We are not expecting something extraordinary 
provision which will come.  
Pawan Singh:  
Plus, to add to what Sanjay said, all these things doesn't happen 
overnight actually. See all these things are contest. It means that see 
my auditor make a comfort from a third party forensic and that is why 
we voluntarily agreed to do that. But it doesn't mean that the internal 
auditor who, we have a reputed firm of internal auditor also and a 
reputed firm of statutory auditor, it doesn't mean that they don't watch 
for or they don't look into our accounts and all that. And all these 
years also the accounts have been seen by them. As I also said, that 
regulatory body also have done their own verification and we have 
not heard anything from them. So what CFO is saying that there will 
be no major impact. And in any case, if you're talking about the three 
accounts, which they likely talked about, in NSL, we have already 
told you that there'll be a backed by Supreme court orders, so 
Supreme court order will prevail over everything. Number two, in 
case of Pater Darawah, the credit head has already explained that 
there is no overdue, no issue , there is no change of terms and 
conditions. So there is no issue and it's up and running NHAI project 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
based on annuity . In case of NSL in any case, it's going to, we are 
going to get money because 100% provision is already done. And the 
third case is ILFS where  we have as a matter of conservation because 
I see what happened is that in case of ILFS it is going to turn from 
amber to green and get servicing start. And though all the Mr. Bisht 
had explained the status of the power project, how it is improved with 
the thermal crisis going on in the country, how imported coal has 
been allowed to be passed through. So despite all that, we have made 
whatever most conservative provisioning which was possible and we 
have provided for it. So these are the three accounts which they talked 
about. So you know, by and large, these issues have been already 
addressed. So yes, this have been a little unprecedented decision, 
which has happened. Of course everybody's trying to play safer than 
what is more than safer. So, and we are playing by it, we are agreeing 
to everybody's request for whatever you bring into, whatever book or 
whatever audit or whatever, we are cooperating with everybody, and 
that is why nothing adversial has come to us so far.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Harshata 
Gupta, an Individual investor. Please, go ahead.  
Harshata Gupta: 
So I wanted to check is that we saw that the management does not 
have any HR powers. So is that true? If not, then who takes the HR 
decisions of the company?  
Pawan Singh:  
Yes, so both HR powers now have been restored by new board.  
Harshata Gupta: 
Okay. And why is the position of appointment not published publicly 
to attract best talents of the industry? Are these directors have internal 
connection in the company?  
Pawan Singh:  
It would be very difficult for me to comment on that. So I would say 
that we -- as I said earlier, also we are going, we will follow a 
transparent process and we'll follow open, transparent, very defined 
qualifying requirement, very defined eligibility criteria giving 
adequate notice and will do.  
Moderator:  
As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Dr. Pawan Singh for closing comments.  
Pawan Singh:  
Thank you very much that we met today. And I'm so glad that some 
questions were very open and frank and candid and from our side, we 
tried to explain that. And also we reiterate that as far as the balance 
sheet goes, we are in terms of both operating parameters, as well as in 
the quality of asset, we are far better than what we were. And in terms 
of pipeline in direction of business, also, we are far more conscious 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
now. And that is why all other stress assess which were there and we 
have been able to stress management team has been able to bring it 
down and all that has been the legacy issue. It has not been an issue or 
present. In present we do clean business, we do sustainable business. 
We do business with the clean governance companies. We do 
business with the clean promoters, and we continue to do that. And 
that is good pipeline, good thing has happened that there's lot of 
policy clarity now on infrastructure, which also helps in the quality of 
loan assets. We like to appreciate government and regulators for 
having, made so much of evolution. And so far so quickly in last few 
years, it makes for us much easier to do business or do the lending 
activity and especially our commitment to Prime Minister’s 
commitment of climate change and we are also committed to make 
ourselves as a green infrastructure, sustainable infrastructure finance 
company, and the kind of pipeline which is now available in this area, 
we will continue to grow and what we showed in nine months, 
probably in next nine months, also, we'll try to beat that record and 
that will be our endeavor. Thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of S-Ancial Technologies we concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability. 
