 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Linc Limited (formerly known as Linc Pen & Plastics Ltd.) A: Aurora Water Front, 18th Floor, GN 34/1, Sector-V, Salt Lake, 
Kolkata- 700091, India. T: -91 33-6826 2100 W: www.lincpen.com, CIN: L36991WB1994PLC065583, E: linc@lincpen.com 
 
6th June, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Post Earnings Call - Submission of Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings (Conference) Call 
held on Tuesday, 31st May, 2022 which is simultaneously uploaded on the website of the Company.  
  
The audio recording of the above had already made available within 24hours on website of the 
Company. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For LINC LIMITED 
 
 
 
N. K. DUJARI 
Director Finance & 
Compliance Officer 
 
The Listing Department, 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Ltd. 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate 
Services, 
BSE Limited, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001
The Manager, 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Linc Limited Q4 FY-22 & FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK JALAN – MD, LINC LIMITED 
MR. N.K. DUJARI – DIRECTOR (FINANCE), LINC 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAMEER DALAL – NATVERLAL & SONS 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Linc Limited Q4 and FY22 earnings conference 
call hosted by Natverlal & Sons. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sameer Dalal from Natverlal & Sons. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Sameer Dalal: 
Thank you Lizann. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Linc Limited Q4 and 
FY22 earnings conference call. Today with us we have the management Mr. Deepak Jalan, who 
is the MD, Mr. N.K. Dujari, who is the Director, Finance and representing the Investor Relations 
Advisor Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti of Uirtus Advisors.  
We will begin this call with opening remarks by the management on the business operations, 
key initiatives and broad outlook followed by discussion on the financial performance of the 
company. After this the management will open up for a forum for a Q&A session. Before we 
get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussions made today maybe 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risk and uncertainties we 
face. A detailed statement and explanation of the risk is included in the earnings presentation, 
which has been shared with some of you. The company does not undertake to update these 
forward-looking statements publicly. I would now like to invite Mr. Deepak Jalan to make his 
opening remarks. Over to you Mr. Jalan. 
Deepak Jalan: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Deepak Jalan and I thank you for taking time out 
of your busy schedules to join us today. A very warm welcome to all of you to Link Limited Q4 
FY22 and FY22 full-year earnings conference call. I hope that you and your family are doing 
very well. I will take you through the business and operational highlights of the quarter and the 
year gone by while our CFO and Director of Finance, Mr. Dujari will share the financial metrics. 
During the year the company delivered strong top-line growth of over 38% clocking an annual 
operating income of Rs. 355 crores. In spite of schools and colleges remaining closed most of 
the year we were able to achieve over 89% of pre-COVID level income in FY20. In fact, our 
operating income for Q4 FY22 at Rs. 111 crores surpassed pre-COVID levels of Rs. 101 crores 
in the same quarter FY20. With students going back to classroom learning we are confident that 
the demand for company's products will see strong growth over the next few years. 
In the mark segment of writing instrument and more specifically the pen segment, the company 
continues to have a strong presence with market share of about 8%. While the company has in 
the past focused largely on the lower segment of the market, it shifted its focus to the Rs. 10 and 
above segment of the market with the launch of Pentonic brand in 2019. Pentonic was quick in 
capturing the imagination of the user segment being a minimalistic yet contemporary pen. It's 
aesthetic as well as writing smoothness has appealed to all segments of the market. One of the 
USPs of the product is its perceived value due to its unique design has gone a long way in 
establishing Pentonic as one of the strongest brands in its segment. In just three years Pentonic 
alone today contributes over 25% of company’s overall revenues.  The success of Pentonic brand 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
of pen has also helped the company improve its overall margins. The company's average GPN 
which was below 22% in FY18 has steadily increased up to 25% in FY20 as the share of Pentonic 
continue to rise over this period. This was possible because Pentonic GPM is much higher at 
around 43%. While the top-line growth has been strong in FY22, the company witnessed sharp 
increase input costs during the quarter led by unprecedented rise in crude and polymer prices. 
While the company was able to absorb some part of the cost increase due to higher mix of 
Pentonic in the revenue basket, margins did get impacted and GPM fell by 18 basis points year-
on-year and 241 basis points sequentially. Operating margin also fell year-on-year and quarter-
on-quarter due to lower GPM, significantly higher freight rates and higher marketing and new 
customer acquisition costs as a company accelerated his marketing efforts on reopening of 
schools and colleges. While crude and polymer prices continue to be high impacting our 
margins, we believe that such heightened prices are not sustainable and should stabilize in the 
coming quarters. This along with our continued focus on higher margin products should help us 
in improving our margins and profitability. As we continue to sail through these unprecedented 
times of high inflation we know for sure that while these times will not last, it will usher in new 
learning and will mold us to emerge as a much stronger resilient business. The company remains 
committed to its goal of delivering sustainable and profitable volume led growth built on strong 
brand equity and gradual scaling up of the new pillars of growth.  
Linc 2.0; since the time we started, the company has seen many business cycles. It has been able 
to rudder through its way, surviving all the true profitability with the five-pronged strategy that 
we have embarked upon. We believe the company will not only grow at a rapid pace over the 
next few years but will also be able to expand its margin with judicious business mix and 
economies of scale.  
Let me now take some time to explain the five-pronged strategy adopted by the company. The 
first one, increases touch points. Realizing the potential of retail reach in FY20, the company 
decided to unleash the power of the Kirana reach while the competition in the sector continues 
to focus only on stationary and large format stores, the company in consultation with vector 
consulting group embarked upon a massive project of penetrating the Kirana network of India 
to increase their points of presence for company's products. India has over 10 million non-
stationary outlets like Kirana, medical stores, pan plaza. In fact, from a mere 5000 sets outlet in 
FY20, the company has already reached 1 lakh such outlets by now and it expects to expand its 
overall reach to more than 5 lakhs touch point by FY25.  
The next is focus on higher margin products; with the introduction of Pentonic, a new chapter 
was written in India’s writing instrument industry, no other pen company has dared to envision 
a pen at Rs. 10 price point without metal clip, transfer film or individual packaging. While the 
perceived value of the pen was Rs. 10 or more it's bold, neat aesthetics and unconventional 
product build ensured that the margins of Pentonic are significantly higher than not just 
company’s other products but also that of products from competition's portfolio. Since its launch 
in FY19, the share of Pentonic range of products has grown to more than 25% in value terms 
with gross margin of around 43% versus the average company level margin of 25%. The 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
company continues to focus on growing the share of Pentonic revenue and is continuously 
adding more products in the Pentonic portfolio.  
The next lever is in roads into stationary products. The company started its foray into full range 
of stationary products through its exclusive Deli. Linc is India’s exclusive importer and 
distributor for Deli, which is Asia's largest stationary manufacturer. Stationary products are 
highly complementary to company's main product and hence will help significantly in its top 
line growth. It is expected that Deli business should add about Rs. 100 crores to the company's 
turnover in 3 to 4 years’ time. 
Next step up the existing capacity; company’s focus on rapidly increasing its retail reach will go 
a long way in increase off-take of company’s products and to be able to meet up with envisaged 
demand, the company has embarked upon an expansion plan wherein it is putting up a new 
manufacturing facility in the existing location at Gujarat. This will not just rationalize logistics 
but will also result in economic synergies. While the basic infrastructure will be put up to double 
in-house capacity from the existing 10 lakh pens per day to 20 lakh pens per day in order to 
conserve and use capital judiciously the expansion will be modular and in the first place, the in-
house capacity will be increased by 5 lakh pens per day.  
Last but not the least ESG; true to our ideology of sustainable living, the company has taken 
significant steps not just to give back to the society but to also make the products and the 
processes more sustainable. In this direction the company has taken the following steps; in an 
industry’s first doing away with individual plastic wrapper packaging and substituting it with 
paper bulk packing of 10 or 20 pens in a paper box and in the process save 60 tons of plastic in 
FY22. The company employs more than 1200 female employees in its manufacturing facilities. 
The company also employs and provide training to a greater number of especially abled 
workforce. Company is a longstanding partner of Friends of Tribal Society and other such 
organizations in providing support for education and other welfare activities for the less 
privileged. The company continues to focus on its sustainability goals and is actively working 
on projects like recycling of used pens. Under the company's refill more campaign, consumers 
are encouraged to change the refill more often rather than discarding and buying a new pen. 
These efforts will go a long way in contributing towards reducing carbon footprint on our 
beautiful planet. Now I would like to handover the call to Mr. Dujari to provide updates on 
financial numbers. Thank you.  
N.K. Dujari: 
Thank you sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Many thanks for joining the Q4 and FY22 
Link Limited earnings call. I will give a brief overview of the financial numbers for the quarter 
before we open for Q&A. I hope everyone must have got a chance to look into at the earnings 
presentation, the press release and the strategy deck by now. As you are aware from the last 
quarter, we have started disseminating product and trade wise revenue data which should help 
you to track the company’s progress with the clear lens. During Q4 company’s operating revenue 
grew by about 18% from 94 crores to 111 crores. In the full year it grew by 38% from 257 to 
355 crores. Operating EBITDA in Quarter 4 fell by 11% to 6 crores versus 6.5 crores with an 
operating EBITDA margin of 5.3%. In FY21 operating EBITDA grew by 111% to 22 cores 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
versus Rs. 10 crores with an operating EBITDA margin of 6.1%. As already explained by Mr. 
Jalan in the opening statement, operating EBITDA margin fell mainly due to sharp all-around 
increase in the input prices, global trade escalation as well as increase in marketing spend as 
school and colleges reopened fully in Q4. Elevated input cost could keep the margin under 
pressure in the immediate future. However, such elevated polymer prices may not be sustainable 
and we expect prices to correct and stabilize at levels lower than these in the ensuing quarters. 
The product cost increased the range of 5% to 7% in Q4 FY22.  
We are glad to share that the company has been able to pass on the cost increase to the customer 
effective from April ‘22. Q4 profit before tax stood at 4 crores, down 10% year-on-year and 
FY22 profit before tax stood at 11 crores as against loss of 4 crores in FY21. FY22 EPS stood 
at 5.47 versus 0.03 in the same period last year. Company has used its free cash flow very 
judiciously and, in the process, has been able to reduce its net debt significantly over the last 4 
years from 65 crores in FY18 to around 3 crores in FY22, a reduction of over 60 crores in debt. 
Net debt by equity has also gone down to 0.2 times as on 31st March ‘22 versus 0.54 times as on 
31st March, 2018. Net debt by operating EBITDA has also improved substantially from 2.54 
times in FY18 to 0.13 times in FY22. 
The board of directors at its meeting held yesterday has proposed a dividend of Rs. 1.80 per 
share resulting in dividend payout of over 30%. The company will continue to focus on 
shareholder value enhancement and will maintain a steady dividend payout in future as well. 
The company is extremely focused in using its resources judiciously and has embarked a 
modular expansion plan in Gujrat. While the basic infrastructure is being created to double its 
capacity to 20 lakh tons per day, some critical equipment and machinery will be added in 
modular fashion in sync with the demand needs. While the total cost of the project is expected 
to be around 50 crores, the first phase of the extension will increase the capacity by 5 lakh pens 
per day. It will cost around 35 crores and will be operational by Q4 of FY24. The expansion will 
be largely funded by international and a small loan of not more than 15 crores. On the back of 
expanded capacity with customer demand expected to be buoyant, the company’s well set to 
achieve a top line of over 604 crores by FY25 with the CAGR of 20%. During this period share 
of Pentonic revenues expected to grow to over 32% while Deli is expected to contribute about 
15%. Over the last few months input cost has been rapidly increasing. This has put a pressure 
on the margins. In spite of these headwinds, with our drive towards cost optimization we 
improved efficiency aided further by increase in share of high margin products. We have been 
able to stand its impact on the on our margins. With strong growth prospect increase penetration 
through the Kirana network and the high focus on Pentonic, we should be able to achieve annual 
operating EBITDA margin of over 12% by FY25. With low-cost modular expansion and 
judicious use of debt we expect ROE to cross 18% by FY25. We continue to remain focused on 
our long-term goal of sustainable growth, profitability and strong deleveraged balance sheet. 
With this I leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments.  

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Varun Bang: 
What is the rational for diversifying into a stationary wing, when we have large opportunity in 
the pen segments because we have tried this in the past and we did not have great success in 
this? What are our learnings from the past and what do you think, can you please elaborate?  
Deepak Jalan: 
Varun, you know that the pens are sold from these stationary outlets only. So, we are trying to 
leverage our existing network of channel partners and distributors to distribute our stationary 
products to the retail outlets. So, we've tied up with Deli which is a MNC and they have a wide 
range of stationary products and it is also a learning for us because we specialize in 
manufacturing of just the writing instrument and this association with Deli distributing stationary 
products is also a great learning for us to learn different categories in the stationary. Like we are 
distributing calculators, we distributing scissors, we are distributing desk organizer, files and 
folders. There are more than thousand different stationary SKUs. So, I think this is a good 
learning for us. In future whichever category we feel has the great potential we can start our own 
manufacturing.  
Varun Bang: 
That is helpful. How have our gross profit margins moved in Pentonic range in last one year? 
Deepak Jalan: 
The gross margin now when we started, when we launched Pentonic, we launched it at Rs. 10 
and of course in FY19 the raw material prices were subdued. We started with about 50% of our 
gross margin in Pentonic while our legacy products under Linc brand were having only about 
20% or so gross margin. It was a high margin product for us and it was received well by the 
consumers as well as the trade. But unfortunately, in last 2 years because of the input prices 
going up the gross margin has come down from 50% to 43% but it is still way above our legacy 
products. We believe that we will be able to maintain a gross margin of more than 40% Pentonic 
range. 
Varun Bang: 
What is the strategy to get back to the old margins? Do you think we'll be taking price hike in 
the Rs. 10 product or we'll move to the higher value products. What will be the strategy?  
Deepak Jalan: 
Varun, the strategies of course as you know that typically in FMCG products, there are very 
strong price points like Rs. 10 or Rs. 15 to Rs. 20. So, there is no price point at like Rs. 12 or Rs. 
11. It is not easy to really increase the dealer price very much. We can go up to only certain 
extent. The strategy is to develop new products under Pentonicat Rs. 20 MRP and Rs. 30 MRP 
to maintain our overall more than 40% gross margin. 
Varun Bang: 
One question on shareholding, there has been some reduction in promotor shareholding last 
couple of quarters. What has been the reason behind this and is a more reduction expected in 
coming quarters? 
Deepak Jalan: 
So, this is a little sensitive question but let me answer this. One of the promoters who is no more 
a promoter actually although still he is in the promoter group. He had some of his shares which 
he sold off and he still has some shares which he will sell off. But the remaining number of 
shares are very little. Actually, there is no dilution from the core promoters.  

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay, an Individual Investor.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I am Himanshu calling from O3 Capital. See my first question was on this Deli. We have stated 
that we'll get 20% margins. This 20% includes the distribution margins also which will be 
shelving it out or it is purely 20% for us? 
Deepak Jalan: 
It's 20% for us net.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
The marketing and everything will be done by Deli or there also we have to do something? 
Deepak Jalan: 
It's all it's all done by us but if there is any ad spend it is shared between a Deli and Linc. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One more thing, the Mitsubishi and Deli this thing will we sell their pens also or the pens will 
be...? 
Deepak Jalan: 
No, we will not. It is very clear to them that since we are the pen manufacturer, we will not sell 
pen.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So, Mitsubishi is also comfortable with that because they are also… 
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes, because there are no conflicting products and all the products are complimenting each other, 
so there is no problem.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One small thing, exports were nearly 100 crores at one point of time. It had been continuously 
coming off. It was again a very strong margin for in many of the geographies. What was the 
contribution of revenue from that? And is export now secondary to us because in last few 
quarters we have not heard anything and even in the current PPT or press release nothing has 
been spoken about exports. So, what are your thoughts on exports?  
Deepak Jalan: 
I'll just tell you that, see pre-COVID levels our exports was 80 crores and in FY22 we closed 
that 76 crore. So, which is almost pre-COVID level. We have actually gained in terms of exports 
despite the situation being same all over the world. Our focus on export has actually increased 
and from 100 crores to 80 crores, the reason has been that couple of markets, they were closed 
because of tariff barriers in those countries. That was a reason that we lost about 20 crores of 
export revenue. So, countries like Iran or Egypt or Turkey so such markets they were closed. 
But we are trying to make up the loss by penetrating deeper into our existing markets and 
opening some new markets.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I'll join back in the queue. In Pentonic range, we had Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 product which was 
launched in a FY20.  But is there something we are thinking on Rs. 15 the price point also and 
what innovations are you thinking on those Rs.10-15-20 and where you have stated the growth 
is generally higher.  
Deepak Jalan: 
Himanshu actually as you rightly said we already have a Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 Pentonic ball pen. 
As a matter of fact, we are launching a retractable gel pen at Rs. 30 in the month of June. So, 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
that is at Rs. 30. There is another product in pipeline which will be also a gel pen with a cap 
which will be at Rs. 20. We are looking at price points in the multiple of Rs. 10 because in our 
industry we have seen that Rs. 15 price point does not really work so much. So, this is our 
strategy going forward.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Hemant Kotadia from Anvil.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
The company has embarked upon increasing its POP by reaching out aggressively to non-
stationary outlets like Kirana stores. So, do you really think that each Kirana store will give you 
enough volume to justify the cost of acquisition and subsequent distribution cost? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Right. So, Hemant in Hindi we have a saying, ‘boond se ghada bharta hai’. So, the stationary 
outlets in India are estimated to be about 2 lakh outlets while the Kirana stores are in excess of 
1 crore outlets. A study says that 45% of the pens are sold from non-stationary outlets. As you 
rightly said that the consumption or the throughput of each non-stationary outlet would be very 
small and the cost of servicing maybe I which you are absolutely right. But our distributors who 
are already servicing stationary outlet in their territory to serve these non-stationary outlets in 
the same beat or same territory is actually not much of an extra cost for them. I think it shouldn't 
be any problem, of course while we are enrolling those outlets or reaching them for the first 
time. The cost of this is high certainly. As I mentioned in my remarks that the new customer 
acquisition cost is high but subsequently servicing those outlets will not be much of a problem. 
Hemant Kotadia: 
And are we alone the brand which are serving in through Kiranas or we have competitors? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes. We are the only company as of now because definitely the initial costs of reaching out to 
these outlets is really very high. It's not possible for every other company to absorb those costs 
because typically the industry profitability if you leave Pentonic aside, it's only about 25%. So, 
it's not possible for every company to really venture into this but since we have this support of 
Pentonic profitability we are able to take this initiative.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
So, can you believe that is there any costs associated with this get accounted in last year's P&L 
because of that expansion? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes of course. We've been investing heavily in this reach expansion. So, of course, that cost has 
already been affected in the P&L.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
So, if the volumes will pick up then we will see margin increase.  
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes absolutely.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
One small observation what you get the data like last year’s due COVID what would be the 
digitalization happened in our core area basically, the pen is basically a thing that one can 
physically want basically.  

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Deepak Jalan: 
So, Hemant, this digitalization thing I have been hearing actually, I've been getting this question 
for last more than 20 years frankly speaking that what is the future of pen while the digitalization 
is rapidly growing worldwide. But even during the COVID period there were online classes 
because there was no choice but actually everyone believes and which is also a fact that a child 
development cannot be under online classes. They have to have offline classes. They have to go 
to the schools, attend physical schools and colleges. So, I think pen is a necessity. We are actually 
not really very concerned at least in the medium term about the future of pen. 
Hemant Kotadia: 
And one last question. What will be the new product line you're planning after 3 years or 3 years? 
What's the growth plan?  
Deepak Jalan: 
So, I'm not able to really visualize what products are we going to launch in 2 to 3 years’ time. 
But certainly, as I mentioned to other query, that we are launching, see even today our market 
share in the writing instrument is very small, it's less than 8%. I believe that any forward-looking 
company should have at least 20% market share even though it's quite a fragmented industry or 
category. But we believe that we still have that much room to really grow. We strongly believe 
that we'll continue to develop more products in writing instruments under Pentonic brand. That’s 
for the time being our strategy.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
On the questions related to your answer, so how we will improve our market share by going 
deeper into the distribution network or how actually? 
Deepak Jalan: 
As I said that we are targeting a minimum of 5 lakh outlets by FY25. So, it's all by distribution 
frankly speaking, of course we also spend a decent amount, we also invest a decent amount in 
brand awareness. I think coupled with the brand awareness and new product launch and 
distribution; we will be able to increase our market share.  
Hemant Kotadia: 
How much advertising or branding expense we had done? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Generally, we have a benchmark of about 3% A to S.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of the Amit Agarwal, an Individual Investor. 
Amit Agarwal: 
My question to you is that how are you trying to position your brand since you're trying to 
increase your touch points to so many Kirana stores and all. So, do you think that you're trying 
to build a brand or company or the product line will be for the market? So, my question is to 
understand that are you going to build a brand for the low segment kind of people or what's your 
thought on that?  
Deepak Jalan: 
Not really, actually if you, I don't know if you have used the Pentonic you would see that this 
product is positioned as a, it has a premium positioning and today as you know that the 
aspirations whether in urban or rural are similar because of the media. So, it doesn't matter a 
consumer buy from a stationery shop or from a Kirana store in the urban markets or even in rural 
markets. So, for a Rs. 10 product or a Rs. 20 product if it is sold from Kirana, we don't believe 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
that it is going to affect its positioning. Definitely a pen like a Cross cannot be sold from a Kirana 
store but for a Rs. 10-Rs. 20 or a Rs. 30 pen I think it shouldn't be any problem. 
Amit Agarwal: 
My next question is that do you think that it's really wise to spend on new capacity while the 
world and specially the education sector is going digital? What are your views?  
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes so, I already answered this query. As I said that, Amit I'm facing this question for last 20 
years, the similar anxiety amongst people but the industry has grown every year even though in 
low single digits. We believe that the developing countries or developing nations where the 
population is increasing and the literacy is increasing, while the buying power is low, the pen is 
going to be there. And for as I said for the child's development, writing is very important which 
I think everybody believes in to that. I think it's going to be pen is going to be here for really a 
long time. So, this is what is our belief and yes. 
Management: 
Also, Amit the education market in India is expected to grow at 14% per annum over the next 
few years. That itself is going to create a huge market for pens no matter and specially you have 
seen the moment that schools have started opening, you are seeing the pressure on the likes of 
BYJU’s and Vedantu and all, we have seen that. Everybody wants to go back to school. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I was asking one question that in Pentonic range we launched product in early CY-FY20. It was 
Rs. 10 and 20 range but anything beyond that we can do on Rs. 15 again which is a price point 
which from where a growth can be, is generally higher what you have stated in your presentation 
also and even in Rs. 20? And how important is to launch new products every year or every 
alternate year? So, that growth momentum keeps on happening means any of your thoughts on 
that will be helpful? 
Deepak Jalan: 
I already answered a query that a Rs. 15 in our industry is not a very consumer friendly price 
point. So, we rather decided to focus on Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 and then of course we are going to 
launch a Rs. 30 product in June this year. So, this is our strategy and definitely we have to 
introduce at least one superstar product every year but maybe even two products. Like this year 
we have planned two products under Pentonic; one in June and the other in Quarter 3. There has 
to be a lineup of new introductions every year or every half year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One thing. In this Rs. 10,000 crores market of writing instruments; which would be the largest 
brand? Or even in your 30 years of history in this business what do you think can be a size of a 
large brand, single product-single brand. It's a Pentonic ballpoint pen, Rs. 20 pen. What do you 
think can be the size of single product-single brand? 
Deepak Jalan: 
So, at one point of time, there used to be a Reynolds 045 which used to be a single largest product 
selling in India. That was about 20 years back and similarly there were some products from Cello 
which were quite a single, big product and I'm glad to say that today Pentonic is, if not the 
largest, it must be the second largest or actually even the largest single product in India and it 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
has grown rapidly as you know that we launched it in FY19 not FY20 and within 3 years despite 
the COVID interruption, it's already a Rs. 80 crores brand and soon it’s going to be Rs. 100 
crores brand. So, I think it's going to grow, we are increasing capacity of Pentonic ball pen and 
it's going to be the largest single pen brand and going to remain therefore I think a long time. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Can we say that the largest product category or let's say Reynolds 045 whenever it was peak or 
Cello as you stated were able to get 5% of the overall market? Was that the type of situation 
when they were at peak or you think? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Not really 5% but certainly about 2% to 3% a single product, we are talking of the single product. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, single product. One more thing. In case of Pentonic the pricing premium and the strength 
what we are able to get in domestic market; are we seeing the similar strength and premium in 
export markets or the exports remains the traditional Linc products only currently? 
Deepak Jalan: 
No certainly. So, fortunately, there was initial resistance because the Pentonic is not as cheap as 
the other legacy products of Linc. So, we initially we had to face some resistance from all our 
customers across the world but we pushed them to buy smaller quantities initially and today in 
every order the share of Pentonic is increasing and the share of Pentonic, the legacy product is 
decreasing which is good news for us because as I mentioned the margins in the legacy products 
are much lower. It's really fortunate for us that Pentonic has been accepted across the world. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So, all geographies where we are exporting Pentonic is also there. Would it be right to say? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes absolutely.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Dalal. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Actually, I had a question regarding your pens business. You're expanding your capacity. What 
is the current utilization rate of your existing capacities? 
Deepak Jalan: 
So, Sameer we have about 40% to 50% of our production is in-house and the remaining is 
outsourced so it's almost 50-50 you can say. So, we are currently so we have some flexibility so 
we are currently able to utilize almost 100% of our in-house capacity. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Going forward these 5 lakhs that you will be adding by when will that get commissioned you 
said?  
Deepak Jalan: 
That was by Q4 of ‘24.  
Sameer Dalal: 
So, 2 years down the line? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes, right. 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Sameer Dalal: 
For the immediate growth whatever will have to come, will have to come from outsourcing, am 
I correct?  
Deepak Jalan: 
Yes, right, absolutely. We are increasing our outsourced capacity.  
Sameer Dalal: 
Now my question is what are the margins like on your outsourced pens versus the ones you 
manufacture in-house because if your plan is to go up to the 20 lakh pens and you're producing 
50% outside why not do it right away and shift some of the production in-house? Why continue 
to outsource if the margins are better there?  
Deepak Jalan: 
So, well as I mentioned that we are increasing our in-house capacity. So, there is a lead time of 
about 2 years as you know, building the plant and then getting the machineries. So, soon over 
this COVID situation was over, we initiated this step of increasing our in-house capacity. But I 
also believe that it's good to have a mix of both outsourced and in-house capacity and the 
margins, yes so maybe we are sharing or let's say on outsourced capacity our margins are lesser 
by 2% to 3%. So, which in a way I think is good that we have more flexibility. We have lesser 
a CAPEX so this is what is our belief. 
Sameer Dalal: 
I have one more question in regarding your working capital. Now that you're going to start 
working with these Kirana stores and increasing your reach. How would that affect the working 
capital cycle of the company if at all? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Actually, there is no effect on our working capital cycle because when we sell to our channel 
partners… 
N.K. Dujari: 
Rather I will say Sameer this is positive effect because if the inventory will be churn more 
faster… 
Deepak Jalan: 
Faster and on the other end our payment terms from our channel partners is like, it's like a cash 
down so within 2-3 days we get our payment. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Even the increase to all these new you will not need to extend any sort of credit to anybody?  
Deepak Jalan: 
No. 
Sameer Dalal: 
If any other questions in the queue we can take them otherwise I think we can end the call.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Bhutra from IIFL.  
Saurabh Bhutra: 
My question is on the one part only that is I am seeing your return on capital employed. Return 
on capital employed from last five quarters is still nowhere to 20%. Can you throw the color on 
this?  
N.K. Dujari: 
You're right. Return on capital is low right at the moment. But the best time was FY20 when we 
had the full Pentonic benefit in FY20. So, going forward I think during the COVID times we 

                                                                                                                     Linc Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
had this issue. Low returns, now going forward we should have a positive effect on the return 
on capital and when we are targeting ROE of 18% by FY25 so I think return on capital will be 
also close to that 20% range by FY25. 
Saurabh Bhutra: 
And second and a last question is that is what is your debtor days?  
N.K. Dujari: 
Debtors days right now is around 35 approximately. In the domestic generated business, we have 
around 3 to 4 days of debtors but in the export business we have around 35 to 40 days of debtors 
and in the modern trade we have around 90 days. On an average it works out to around 30-35 
days. And in export in certain markets, we have little higher also.  
Saurabh Bhutra: 
But the average is about 30-35. 
N.K. Dujari: 
But the positive side is coming from the general trade and the higher debtor turnover is actually 
from the modern trade and export business.  
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Varun Bang from White Stone.  
Varun Bang: 
I'll just try to ask my question. Like we have seen in case of Reynolds, it was a hit product but 
then the product and the design lost its momentum. What do you think went wrong here and now 
that Pentonic will be Rs. 100 crores brand, how difficult it will be for us to sustain the leadership 
here? Some new brands, some new design can disrupt the market again. Does that bother you? 
Deepak Jalan: 
Well, we have observed that if a product, a well-designed product has a very long life-cycle even 
20 years-30 years in case of a brand from France which is BIC, that BIC Cristal pen or a BIC 
Stick pen though they are selling for last more than 40 years. If it is a minimalistic designed and 
contemporarily designed the life cycle is really long. And Pentonic ballpen has been designed in 
such a way that it has a very long-life cycle. Nevertheless, as I mentioned that we continue to 
develop new products under Pentonic. If there is some slackness in our existing product, our 
own product can replace the product but for now we are actually in the mode of increasing 
capacity of our Pentonic ball pen. So, I think we still have a long way to go. I mean because it's 
just a 3-year-old brand, I think for at least for 10-15 years we should not have any concern. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you Sameer and thank you all the participants for taking out time in the evening and 
joining the call. If you have any more questions, please do reach out to Mr. Dujari who will be 
available to kind of answer your queries. All the best and have a great evening. Thanks a lot for 
joining the call once again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Natverlal & Sons that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
