BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai —400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/i, 0 Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code: RADICO 
RKLISXI2O22-23/18 
June 06, 2022 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on May 31. 2022 
Dear Sirs/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
call for the year ended March 31, 2022, conducted after the Board meeting held on Monday, 
May 30, 2022. 
The same is also been uploaded on our website at www.radicokhaitan.com. 
This is for your infonnation and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For
dico Kitan Limited 
(Din'sh jHi1àr Gupta) 
Vice Prident — Legal & 
Company Secretary 
Email Id: investorradico.co.in 
End.: As Above 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
Plot No. J.1 Block B-i. Mohan Co -op. Industrial Area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi 110044 
Ph : (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office : Bareilly Road, Rampur-24490i (UP.] 
Phones 0595-2350601/2, 235i703 Fax : 0595-2350009 
e-mail : info@radico.co.in, website www.radicokhaitan.com  
CIN No. L26941UP1983PLCO27278 

 
 
  
 
0 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
(BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Fourth Quarter and Full Year FY2022  
Earnings Conference Call 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Management Participants: 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
  
 
1 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY22 Results 
Conference Call of Radico Khaitan Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial 
Services. 
 
As a reminder, all participants will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Saaksha Mantoo, Emkay 
Global Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide of our earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Saaksha Mantoo: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome the 
management and thank them for this opportunity. We have with us today Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha – COO, Mr. Dilip 
Banthiya – CFO and Mr. Sanjeev Banga – President, International Business. I 
shall now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our fourth 
quarter FY22 results conference call. I hope you are all doing well and keeping 
safe.  
Building upon the momentum from the first nine months of the year, we have 
delivered another quarter of a strong IMFL volume growth led by Prestige & 
Above category which increased by 28%. In volume as well as value terms, Q4 
FY22 has been the highest ever reported by Radico Khaitan.  
We have continued to outperform the industry for the sixth consecutive year 
with total volumes of 26.4 million cases in FY22 which is 18% y-o-y growth 
compared to an estimated industry growth of 13%. Our growth was broad-
based across the portfolio and across states. 
 
8PM Premium Black whisky which achieved a million case mark last year has 
crossed two million cases volume. It is now available across 20 states and will 
continue to contribute to our growth. Recently launched Royal Ranthambore 
Whisky and Magic Moments Vodka are now available across seven states and 
continue to gain consumer confidence. We are focusing on placement and 

 
 
  
 
2 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
expanding the width of distribution for these brands to take them to pan India 
level.  
As we continue to make investments behind our core premium brands such as 
Magic Moments Vodka, Morpheus Brandy, 1965 Spirit of Victory Rum, etc. they 
are all gaining traction. Particularly in the post COVID period when the social 
activities have resumed, white spirits volumes have picked up the pace of 
growth. Magic Moments Vodka is seeing very strong volume traction which will 
be a key growth driver for FY23.  
Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin is making exciting progress as we continue to 
expand its distribution in India and it is available in 12 states now. We have 
recently launched an exclusive Gold Edition of Jaisalmer for the exports 
market. 
 
Our long-standing brand strategy is delivering anticipated results as we 
continue to record robust performance. We have a diversified portfolio that 
will reinforce our future growth trajectory. We expect to maintain the volume 
expansion trajectory of 13% to 15% in FY23 with stronger Prestige & Above 
growth. 
 
As you are aware that the cost of key raw material remains at multiyear highs 
which has impacted our profit from operations. In the near time, the situation 
is expected to remain volatile. During this period of uncertainty, we are 
focused on value engineering across the brand portfolio to minimize the 
impact of cost push. We have already received price increases in the states of 
Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan and are also 
pursuing other states. This would help us to offset the input cost pressure to a 
large extent. This coupled with the backward integration benefit from our 
Rampur dual feed plant is expected to help in profitability improvement during 
the second half of FY23. 
 
The impact of the cost push has been much severe in the non-IMFL business 
where we are expecting a price increase soon. On the IMFL portfolio, the 
inflation was offset to a large extent by the ongoing premiumization.  
Both the Rampur dual feed and the Sitapur greenfield projects are progressing 
well and are ahead of the schedule. We have already placed fixed price orders 
for the key equipment with the leading global vendors. The civil construction is 
on full swing. We expect Rampur dual feed plant to be operational by Q3 FY23. 
 
Our brands are very buoyant. Overall, we are happy with the growth trajectory 
of our P&A portfolio. Even the industry continues to be very resilient. There is, 
of course, inflation which is driven by global macro situation. We are doing 
everything that is in our control to deliver industry-leading growth while, at the 
same time, driving savings across input materials. We are seeing this as an 

 
 
  
 
3 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
opportunity where well-capitalized companies with strong brand portfolio and 
pan India presence like Radico Khaitan are likely to emerge stronger. 
 
From FY24 onwards, we have multiple levers for profitability improvement. 
Both our Rampur and Sitapur plants will be operational. With UPML volume 
growth, our non-IMFL margins will also improve. We will have higher volume 
contribution from Rampur Indian Single Malt and Jaisalmer gin, which coupled 
with ongoing price increases, will help us get back to our historical EBITDA 
margin levels. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed operational 
and financial review. Thank you, and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call today.  
During the fourth quarter, we reported IMFL volume of 7.29 million cases 
representing an increase of 16.3% on Y-o-Y basis. This was led by Prestige & 
Above category volume growth of 28.1%. In value terms, Prestige & Above 
category registered 30.5% growth. Prestige & Above category account for 
31.1% of total IMFL volume compared to 28.2% in Q4 of FY21. 
 
Net revenue from operation during Q4 was Rs. 813 crore representing an 
increase of 18% compared to Q4 FY21. During this period, IMFL sales value 
increased by 21%. As a percentage of total revenue, IMFL sales account for 
81.7% of net revenue compared to 79.5% in Q4 last year. 
 
Gross margin during the quarter was 42.7%. This was impacted due to the 
ongoing commodity inflation, particularly in non-IMFL business. On Y-o-Y 
basis, some of the key commodity prices have increased in the range of 30% to 
50% during Q4.  
Despite a significant increase in the raw material prices, the gross margin for 
the IMFL business was relatively less impacted owing to a favourable product 
mix. ENA prices have increased by 7% due to higher input raw material prices. 
 
Going forward, we expect raw material prices situation to remain volatile. We 
have seen further inflation in packaging material in April 22. However, over the 
last few weeks, the trend of certain commodity globally seems to be stabilizing 
now, but it is difficult to comment on the way forward. Government has also 
taken a number of proactive measures to contain the inflation, which should 
help alleviate the situation.  
The Company is taking all efforts to optimize cost and to mitigate any margin 
headwinds which along with recently received price increases shall help in 
offsetting the inflationary pressure. We are undertaking a company-wide, 
brand-wise value engineering exercise which will also add value over the 

 
 
  
 
4 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
longer term. In the long term, we expect to continue our margin expansion 
trajectory given our portfolio premiumization and backward integration. 
 
Finance costs decreased by 51% on Y-o-Y basis from to Rs. 4.6 Crore to Rs. 2.3 
Crore during Q4 FY22. The company's cost of borrowing is one of the lowest in 
the industry due to stable profitability, strong capital structure and improved 
liquidity position. We have further tightened our working capital resulting in a 
continued strong cash flow generation. During the year, we reduced our Net 
Debt by Rs. 82 Crore after Capex of Rs. 71 Crore on the new projects.  
We have a strong financial position and a comfortable liquidity. During these 
times, we are taking all necessary steps to sustain our financial strength, 
maintain robust business model and grow consistently, competitively and 
profitably. 
 
With this, we will now the lines on Q&A. 
Question & Answers Session:  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec Capital. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just had two or three questions. First was on the on the 13% to 15% growth 
that you are expecting going forward. Would that be at an overall level? Or are 
you saying for IMFL or for P&A? What's that guidance for? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So we are expecting this 13% to 15% growth on the overall IMFL, where the 
Prestige & Above category are going to grow at strong double digits. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Second thing, you mentioned that you will get back to historical margin level, 
which is that 16%, 17% kind of a number which you had achieved in FY21. 
Would it be fair to assume that the full year FY24, given the benefits that 
you've got to get from the Capex as well as possible price hike, by then you can 
achieve, is that something that you'll be targeting to get back to? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So yes, we will be back to our expansion trajectory from H2 of current year. 
And by FY24, we will be back on 16-17% kind of margin with the ongoing 
premiumization, the price increase, non-IMFL again going back on profitability. 
Our production facilities will be on, so backward integration profits will also be 
derived. So all these factors and the value engineering which we are doing, 
which will be also customized, sustainable and consistent, so we will be going 
back on our margins as we have guided earlier. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And plus also in FY24, we'll get extra production of Rampur [Single Malt]. So 
that will also help us a lot. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And last thing was on the last call, Amar had also spoken about a separate 
distribution kind of that you're creating for the go-to market that has been 

 
 
  
 
5 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
created for the on-trade. So if you could just give us a little update on that, any 
targets for fiscal year '23, that will be very helpful. 
Amar Sinha: 
Basically, we are very strong as far as the off-trade distribution is concerned. 
Now with the growth of the premium portfolio of Radico, which will be in fact, 
we'll be having products in almost every category of the premium segment 
and super premium segment. So we are strengthening our on-trade 
distribution structure. And that is very critical because now post-COVID, on-
premise consumption has also started spiralling, showing a growth. So this will 
give us advantage in the coming year FY24. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. See that was my question. So what are the steps you are taking to kind of 
drive that on-trade? Because my sense is pre-COVID on-trade was 4-5% of the 
business. What are the kind of steps that you take to improve and now that 
you have the product portfolio in place, what does it take to kind of drive this? 
Amar Sinha: 
So let me tell you. Earlier, we had a very thin team because the number of 
brands were also thin. Now that we are represented in vodka, whisky, brandy, 
in all the categories and gin, so we are basically expanding our structure to all 
the metro and Tier-1 cities where we are putting people in place to cater to 
these on-premise outlets. And at the same time, we are also now beginning to 
bring the visibility levels and these on-trade outlets to the next level. I think 
these two things put together will give us substantial trials and awareness for 
our products in the year ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by 
BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Congrats for good volume growth number. So my question is on the price 
increases, which you have witnessed in some of the place. Can you just 
elaborate on the same? In which markets you have seen price hikes and the 
quantum of the price increases? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We've got the price increase in the state of Uttar Pradesh. So that is overall in 
the range of about 8-10%. And then we've got in states like Uttarakhand which 
is in the range of about 10-15%. Rajasthan, we've got 6% price increase and 
MP also, we've got about 10% price increase. So overall blended, it comes to 
300 basis points. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay sir, so blended comes to 300 basis points. And plus there would be a mix 
improvement which will add on to your realization in FY23, right? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, absolutely. And we are also expecting price increases from other states 
where we are working very hard. So hopefully, we should be getting price 
increases in the coming months. 

 
 
  
 
6 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir, my second question is, you have presence in some of these large markets. 
So can you just give some perspective on highlights of how was the 
performance in these markets in FY22? And what are your expectations 
considering the fact that you have been expanding your capacity? 
Amar Sinha: 
It is very difficult to give you state-by-state performance, but I'll give you some 
very specific highlights. You see, like Abhishek began by saying that 8PM 
Premium Black achieved two million cases, Magic Moments is showing 
buoyancy and is on a very high growth trajectory. All power brands have 
grown in double digits in the year 2021-2022. Further, all flavors and 
categories have grown in double digit with overall growth of 18% and power 
brands growth at 24.5%. The P&A market share of Radico has grown by 1% 
point. So overall, if you see this year, we have shown growth in every product 
and every geography that we are represented in. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
On the top of it, for the last six consecutive years, we have been 
outperforming the industry growth. So our market share across most of the 
large market is growing. Out of the top 11 markets, we have outperformed the 
industry in 7 markets. So it is a broad-based growth and broader base in 
category as well. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And my third question is on the capital expenditure. So this year, how much 
would be our Capex considering that you are expanding your capacities and 
new facilities will be coming on. So for FY23, what would be your Capex? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So we have actually had these two projects. One is the greenfield project of 
Sitapur which along with our 350 KLPD grain-based distillery has malt 
maturation with a large capacity as well as there are some 10 million cases of 
the bottling capacity. The Capex has been envisaged at Rs. 550 crore. And for 
Rampur dual feed, it is Rs. 180 crore. So all put together, 80-85% of the Capex 
will be done. We have 10-15%, which is on performance-based and will be 
disbursed in the coming year 2023-2024.  
Our projects are well on time, rather some are in advanced stage or earlier to 
what we have envisaged. All the orders have been given to the leading global 
vendors and is on a fixed price contract. So we are well on course for the 
Capex. Dual feed production for grain-based alcohol will start from Q3 
onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, the Capex that just you mentioned is Rs. 180 crore plus Rs. 550 crore? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Both will become operational this year or next year? 

 
 
  
 
7 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Rampur dual feed will come in operation from Q3 FY23 and Sitapur plant will 
come in operation at the end of Q4. So from the beginning of '2023-2024, this 
will be fully operational. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So this grain alcohol is meant for substituting what you purchased from 
outside or it is meant for the growth? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So yes, as we have earlier guided when we have announced this Capex and 
given a full background about the reason and rationale behind doing the 
Capex. The UP state government has created one category, which is a grain-
based UPML. Earlier you see in Southern India, it is economy category IMFL. So 
the molasses-based UPCL firstly has been converted for 42.8% category [into 
grain based], which is around 25% to 30% of the overall industry volume. It's a 
large industry of 80 million cases overall of which 25% is UPML. We have a 
sizable market share. And in that, after our own grain alcohol, we will again be 
back in double-digit kind of EBITDA margin. So this was important for us, to 
cater this segment also. So the Capex has two parts- one is the part of UPML, 
and another is with our grain with our volume expansion, as we have grown 
last year also in P&A category by 24.5% and on overall 18%. Looking at India, 
the industry growth, we are chock-a-block for our grain-based alcohol. We are 
also actually sending this alcohol to other units, etc. for our premium products 
like Magic Magic, [Magic Moments] flavours, Morpheus, etc. This has also 
made us to think about that we should have our own grain-based alcohol. In 
three to four years' time, this 100% alcohol will be used for our own captive 
consumption. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is, you mentioned in your opening comments 
that gross margin on IMFL has not been impacted. It is non-IMFL which brings 
down the gross margin. So if you could tell us what is the gross margin impact 
on account of non-IMFL or what is the EBITDA impact? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So gross margin on the non-IMFL used to be in the range of around double 
digits like over 10%-12% or so. In last quarter Q4, it has become negative and 
because of that, there is a two-third of the pressure on the operating margin is 
on account of non-IMFL and rest one-third is on account of the increase in the 
ENA and the grain price and the packaging material [in IMFL]. So my gross 
margin on the IMFL has just been impacted by 200 to 230 basis points, 
whereas it's largely impacted on account from a positive 10% to a negative. So 
the large impact has been on non-IMFL which we are very hopeful at the 
advanced stage of talks are on with the government and we are very hopeful 
to get our prices increase soon. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And my last question is, sir, there's one observation 
that there is actually a drop in your realization per case in the year gone by. If 
you could share some light there. 

 
 
  
 
8 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Realization per case has rather improved because of improvement in P&A 
category because P&A growth has been overall 25% in the whole year. So 
actually, it has gone up. You will see that volume and value growth also has a 
traction of around 350 to 400 basis points. So gross realization per case, 
overall basis as well as in P&A category, because of the improvement in my 
product mix where we are also launching the brands like Royal Ranthambore, 
Magic Moments Dazzle as it has been rolled out in seven states and it is to be 
rolled out in this year in Pan-India basis. So we are expecting a continuous 
improvement in our per case realization on IMFL business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Chowdhary from Kriis PMS.  
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers with strong double-digit growth. I 
wanted to understand, sir, our year-on-year growth has been really healthy on 
the volume trend, even on the regular and above. But in P&A, we saw 4% de-
growth quarter-on-quarter. Any specific reason? Or in January Omicron was 
probably the thing that impacted it? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Quarter 3 from the seasonal point of view is the highest quarter for industry. 
However, but this is a marginal impact. It is consistently growing. And in this 
quarter again, overall volume growth has been 16%. And for the full year, we 
have grown 18%. Overall, the Prestige & Above has been 24.5%. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
Understood sir. And second question was probably on the gross margin again. 
You have well explained like what was the impact. But if I probably refer to the 
market leader who reported the numbers recently, although we have a higher 
gross margin, like historically, regarding the market leader. But here, even the 
margins of the market, it has not impacted. Were they able to take price hike 
or something different that I'm not able to understand? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
One is the business model is a little different. I don't want to have a detailed 
discussion, but there is some model where there is a large part of their 
revenue comes from royalty. And in our case, it is completely our own sales. 
So the top line apple-to-apple basis is different.  
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
And the last question, sir, I wanted to understand probably, I have seen we 
have been doing a lot well with our new launches. Also we are doing very good 
with our 8PM, Magic Moments, Verve and all. Wanted to understand, few of 
the brands we don't speak about, 1965 and all, probably is there any strategy 
if they're not contributing, we'll try to defocus in years to come and then focus 
more on probably brands like Royal Ranthambore, Rampur Indian Single Malt, 
Jaisalmer Gin, Magic Moments and the brands that are doing really well for us, 
to be focused on strategy and focus on the power brands going forward? 
Amar Sinha: 
So let me tell you, 1965 Rum is a power brand for us. We have at almost 10% 
market share in the defence services. This product was originally conceived for 

 
 
  
 
9 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the defence supply. But seeing the great response in the defence, we are now 
selling it in the civil market and we are expanding distribution here. Rest all the 
products are extremely buoyant and they are doing pretty well. Even 1965 rum 
has shown a growth of 20% this year. So yes, we are focused on all of our 
brands and they are all buoyant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead Investment 
Advisors. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
I had some questions regarding the EBITDA margin extrapolation which you 
have given. So when I look at your Capex which is coming up, is my 
understanding correct based on certain calculations we have done that you 
have at least 350 basis points addition in your EBITDA margins in FY24, based 
on the Capex you have done?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
So Sonaal, the EBITDA margin overall for the year has been 14% vs last year 
16.9%. As I said that two-third of our margin erosion in EBITDA as well as in 
gross largely is on account of non-IMFL. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
I'm sorry. Let me repeat my question. I wasn't referring to this year, I'm talking 
about FY24. So you are doing the new Capex, right? The Capex will fully pay 
you off for the full financial year in FY24. It will partially pay you off in FY23. So 
when you take the benefit of this Capex, ENA which you are going to make 
from molasses, my understanding is the benefit would be conservatively 350 
basis points if you were outsourcing it like you're doing now? Firstly, is that 
assumption correct or incorrect is what I'm trying to ask you. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
You are talking about after my Capex is full in the stream in 2023-2024, the 
improvement in EBITDA margin will be? 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Only because of that. Other things being constant. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
No, it is partly because of the backward integration where we will have our 
own facility of grain and partly because of the product premiumization. So 
keeping these both points together, there are multiple levers. One is this 
backward integration, another is premiumization and third is also a big lever 
that we have a good quantity available of Rampur Indian Single Malt from 
2023-2024 onwards. So this will also add to our gross margin as well as EBITDA 
margin. At the same time, the brands which we have launched in last year like 
Royal Ranthambore Whisky and Dazzle which is being taken to pan-India in the 
current year. So we are going to gain the momentum in all our premium 
portfolio. Also we are very confident that we will be again back to our margins 
which we were having and we were guiding about. So '2023-2024, our margin 
will be better than what we used to have. 

 
 
  
 
10 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir, my question, specifically to this Capex. Because I tell you why I'm asking 
this question. Based on several scenarios and based on our past discussions, it 
looks like that you will have at least 350 basis points expansion in margins 
because of your Capex, which is very reasonable assumption. Historically, walk 
through for is 2% less than your year margins. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Sonaal, the delta of the Capex still is continuing there. The delta we have 
calculated in the current cost structure also. The delta of Capex giving the 
return is still at the level which we envisaged because from both sides, the 
grain prices and all that have gone up. At the same time, the ultimate finished 
product, ENA price is also moving up. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Yes. So what I'm saying is the margin assumptions you are taking, my numbers 
are coming out to be much higher than what you are saying. So maybe you 
can discuss it off-line. But my assumption was coming out to the 350 basis 
points benefit on the account of this Capex, and you had a 15% hike in country 
liquor. So the benefits would be 270 basis points. Then you have delta of 
several things, so the margins are not adding up. I mean, but we can just 
discuss it off-line. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
I had a second question, sir. What was the advertising spend and my call got 
disconnected. So did you say 13% top line growth for next two years? Or did I 
hear you correctly? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We have told that our volume growth in the IMFL segment would be in the 
range of 13-15% for the current year. That is what we are envisaging. The value 
growth would be a little higher. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
This quarter was concerned, the price hikes have happened back end of the 
quarter. So when you say 3%, you mean 3% blended average for the quarter? 
Or the entire price hike was 3% because you may have got a hike in different 
periods of quarter, so the full impact of that may or may not have come in the 
quarter. So can you explain when you say 3% what exactly you mean? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So this is the overall blended weighted average for full year basis. So the price 
hikes have come in the month of April or May. Like the UP have come from 1st 
April, rest have come in the middle of April or end of April. So overall, weighted 
average, we worked out on our net sales business is a 300 basis point, 
whatever price increase have happened. We are also envisaging a couple of 
states at an advanced stage pricing and during this year, we are seeing with 
the cost push and all that, the price hikes will happen in some of the large 
states. So let's see. But we are very confident and hopeful. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Last question. Your raw material cost inflation compared to Q4 vs Q1, is my 
understanding correct, there's another 100 basis points, 150 basis points 
inflation? 

 
 
  
 
11 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So on IMFL yes, it is 100 to 120 on a Q-on-Q basis. But in non-IMFL, it is much 
larger. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan Cholera from Pragya Equities 
Private Limited. 
Chetan Cholera: 
What will be the debt outlook for the debt in another maybe two, three, four 
years down the line as we are doing a lot of Capex. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So as per our plan, our debt at this point of time on a net basis is Rs. 119 crore. 
With the current cash flow and internal accrual being deployed in the project 
expansion, our debt will be at March ’23 in the range of Rs. 600 Crores to Rs. 
610 Crores. And thereafter, we will have a free cash flow. In two years' time, 
we will be a debt-free company. So as per our plan  by the year 2025, we'll be a 
debt-free with some surplus. 
Chetan Cholera: 
And secondly, what's the vision for maybe five years down the line? Because 
since I'm a long-term investor, I'm an investor since last seven, eight years and 
so on. So vision for the company for next five years. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Actually, our vision over the next five years is that we would continue to drive 
our premiumization journey. There are brands in the luxury segment which we 
are taking to global level. So our vision is to make this as an Indian MNC with a 
global brand presence. In India, we are actually finding places and we are the 
leader in the white spirits segment and in the brown spirits segment also, we 
are the leading player in the brandy. We have the highest price point Rum in 
the country with 1965, having a market share of 10% plus in the defence 
category. And in whisky also, as you have seen, where we have launched the 
products like Royal Ranthambore which is the first time an Indian company 
launching a product at the scotch prices and above that. 
 
And as you've seen that, we have also launched a couple of brands like for the 
international market, and we will add to that. I think, Jaisalmer gin, after 
opening of travel retail we are expanding our footprint in Europe, America and 
everywhere in the on-trade and on the restaurants and bars and hotels. So 
these are the areas we are working very hard. And for a new brand, which has 
been launched recently, just a month back, Jaisalmer gold edition, which is 
priced even higher than the Monkey 47 and this will be also be rolled out from 
July onwards. So we are working for making this an Indian MNC company. 
Chetan Cholera: 
Any point of time you give thought on roping any strategic investors? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We have reiterated this point at least five, seven times earlier also. We want to 
be a true Indian global MNC, number one. Number two, we have proven that 
even in the single malts, we have been able to create a brand where the 
demand is more than the supply. So I think with a debt-free balance sheet and 

 
 
  
 
12 | Page  
 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
with a strong track record of developing organically Indian brands, we are not 
looking for any strategic partner. In fact, we want to create luxury brands 
which will command in the global arena also. 
Amar Sinha: 
Just one point to add is that in the next three years, with the way premium 
products are being cultivated in Radico, you will find that Radico will be the 
one company which will have the largest portfolio of premium and super 
premium and super-super premium products. And that you can therefore 
imagine where this company stands to be in the next three years. 
Chetan Cholera: 
And any thoughts on entering other category of alcohol, like beer or 
something? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No, we will be concentrating in liquor itself as it has so much of opportunity, 
and beer is a very Capex-oriented industry. So we have no plans of entering 
into beer. Our focus will be purely IMFL. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, everyone. We have continued to deliver upon our premiumization 
strategy which is reflected in the strong P&A volume growth during the 
quarter and the full year. All our core premium brands are registering a strong 
growth. The two new luxury brands are also doing very well and continue to 
receive positive consumer and trade feedback in the new markets that they 
are being rolled out. Next year, we will roll them out on pan India level.
 
There has been near-term margin pressure due to commodity inflation 
but we are confident of maintaining our long-term margin expansion given the 
premiumization of our portfolio and backward integration.  
We look forward to interacting with you all on our next earnings call. And in 
the meantime, if you have any query, please follow up with me or my 
colleague Saket Somani and we will be free to give you any reply. Thanks a lot 
and stay safe and healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
