 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office: 10/24 Kumara Krupa Road 
High Grounds, Bangalore 560 001, India 
T +91 8o 2237 8000, F +91 Bo 4147 9384 
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 
 
REF: HSL/SEC/2022/26 
 
June 07, 2022 
 
To  
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400001 
Script Code: 514043 
To 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of conference call. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith a copy of transcripts of conference call held on May 31, 
2022.  
 
Please also note that the transcripts of conference call will also be available on our website 
https://api.himatsingka.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/HSL-Q4-FY22-Earnings-Call-
Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information & records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sridhar Muthukrishnan  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
SRIDHAR 
MUTHUKRISHNAN
Digitally signed by SRIDHAR 
MUTHUKRISHNAN 
Date: 2022.06.07 12:10:09 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 31, 2022 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, May 31, 2022 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Himatsingka 
Seide Q4 FY22 Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchstone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Roshan Nair from Batlivala & 
Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Roshan Nair: 
Thank you, Peter. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of B&K 
Securities, I would like to welcome you all for 4Q FY22 post results 
conference call of Himatsingka Seide Limited. Today we have with 
us from the senior management of the company, including Mr. 
Shrikant Himatsingka, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. KP 
Rangaraj, President, Finance and Group CFO; Mr. Dilip Panjwani, 
Executive Vice President and CFO, Strategic Finance; and Mr. 
Sachin Garg, Senior Vice President, Strategic Finance. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. KP Rangaraj for initial 
comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
KP Rangaraj: 
Thank you, Roshan. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On 
behalf of Himatsingka Seide Limited we would like to warmly 
welcome you to this Q4 FY22 earnings call. I'll, like in the past, I’ll 
take you through a business update and followed by a brief update on 
the financial performance. I'll start off recall with the business update 
now. The FY22 registered a stable operating performance despite 
high inflationary and supply chain challenges. During the fiscal, total 
revenues grew by 41% and stood at ₹3,203 crores, our highest ever. 
Revenues from brands during FY22 stood at ₹2,260 crores compared 
to ₹1,798 crores in the previous year. 
During the quarter, revenue streams from brands stood at ₹548 crores 
versus ₹565 crores during the previous year and ₹556 crores during 
the Q3 FY22, that is a previous quarter. During Q4 FY22, capacity 
utilizations remained stable across the plants. The capacity utilization 
level for our manufacturing facilities during the quarter stood as 
follows. Terry towel division stood at 72%, in line with the previous 
quarter 72%, sheeting division capacity utilization stood at 79% 
versus 81% in the previous quarter, and spinning division recorded 
101% capacity utilization as against 101.5% in the previous quarter. 
We however see reduction in capacity utilization levels in the near-

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
term on account of the unprecedented levels of inflation and supply 
chain challenges that have impacted global demand for our class of 
products.  
Inflation of the raw material, energy and supply chain front have had 
an adverse impact on the operating profitability of FY22. This impact 
has heightened during the second half of FY22. And while we have 
partially mitigated this impact with year-on-year volume growth and 
price increases, the unprecedented levels of inflation have not been 
fully absorbed yet. Although we expect inflationary headwinds to 
continue in the near-term, our outlook on our industry and our 
integrated business model continues to be optimistic. Considering the 
current demand and inflationary environment, we have deferred the 
organic capital expenditure to debottleneck the Sheeting and the 
Terry Towel plants for an additional six months. 
I now move on to the financial performance section on the 
consolidated performance. Consolidated total income for the year 
stood at ₹3,203 crores versus ₹2,272 crores in the previous year, 
which represents a 41% Y-o-Y growth. Consolidated EBITDA for 
the year was ₹550 crores versus ₹302 crores in the previous year. The 
EBITDA margin for the year stood at 17.2%. Consolidated EBIT for 
the year stood at ₹391 crores versus ₹₹151 crores in the previous 
year, and which  translates to an increase of 160%. Consolidated PBT 
for the year stood at ₹210 crores versus loss of ₹26 crores in the 
previous year. Consequently, consolidated PAT for the fiscal year 
was ₹141 crores versus a loss of ₹54 crores in the previous year. 
Now, move on to the consolidated financial performance for the 
quarter. During the quarter, the consolidated total income stood at 
₹775 crore versus ₹748 crores in the previous year, which translates 
to a 3.6% Y-o-Y. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was ₹110.46 
crores versus ₹130 crores in the previous year. The EBITDA margin 
for the quarter stood at 14.3%. Consolidated EBIT for the quarter 
stood at ₹70.5 crores versus ₹92 crores in the previous year. And the 
consolidated PBT for the quarter stood at ₹20.5 crores versus ₹53 
crores in the previous year. The consolidated PAT for the quarter 
came at ₹8 crores versus ₹37.57 crores in the previous year. 
Now, move on to the debt profile. The consolidated gross debt as of 
March 31, FY22 stood at ₹2,805 crores compared to ₹2,675 crores at 
the end of the previous quarter. The total term debt stood at ₹1,759 
crores and the working capital debt stood at ₹1,046 crores. The cash 
and cash equivalents at the end of March FY22 was ₹176 crores. 
Consequently, the company's net debt outstanding as of March 31st 
stood at ₹2,629 crores compared to ₹2,512 crores as of December 31, 
FY21. 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
This completes the short update on the business and the financial 
performance. I now hand over to our Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for your Q&A please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. I had three questions. The first 
is, if we compare the current scenario with the one in 2008-2009, 
wherein we had just come out of a CAPEX cycle, what are the 
similarities or differences between the two scenarios? I mean, it took 
us four years in 2008-09 to come out of that. So, just help us 
understand what are the differences between then and now? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Why don't you complete your other questions Anuj and then I'll 
answer all. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, okay. The second one is, if we look at our debt, despite our 
intention to reduce it and that too with the modest amount, we've 
actually seen increase in debt. So, what have been the key 
challenges? And I heard you deferring  one of the CAPEX. So what 
are the other strategies you are pursuing to reduce the debt more 
aggressively? And the third is given the slow ramp up in capacity 
utilization, do you think in high insight, we could have been more 
staggered in our CAPEX or this you think was the best optimal 
strategy? Thanks. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Okay. So, let me just answer all your three questions. So, as far as, 
I'll take your question on capacity utilization first. So, Anuj, these 
plants are configured in a particular way wherein when you set them 
up, you sort of have a certain quantum of capacity that has to be on 
boarded and put on stream. One can stagger it beyond the point 
because it affects other aspects of plant functioning and economics. 
So, to the best of our knowledge, our planned configurations are 
something that we are satisfied with. And we do not think that we 
could have staggered it any further. We took up our CAPEX program 
on a calibrated basis over a period of close to three and a half years. 
That's how we had staggered the outflow. But data plans are well 
configured and we do not think that we could have staggered it any 
further. Having said that, it's also important for us to keep some 
upside capacity. Our sheeting plant at about 80% at this point. So we 
would like to have that 20% upside to address market fluctuations 
and upsides as and when they present themselves. 
And as far as terry towel is concerned, I must remind you that this is 
a plant that was commissioned about a few months before the first 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
lockdown of COVID. And we have probably ramped it up to 72% in 
one of the fastest ramping up periods that this industry has seen as far 
as ramping up Greenfield plants is concerned. So we are actually 
happy that we have got it up to 72% and the remaining is something 
we'd like to sweat at the earliest. There's no doubt about it. But we 
are happy about the fact that we've got it to 72%. So if I see our 
utilizations, there's nothing that's left in spinning. We have about 
20% at this point on Sheeting and 20-plus percent on Terry. 
As Ranga mentioned earlier, we have deferred  our organic CAPEX 
programs for further capacity expansions by an additional six 
months, because we want to wait and watch on how the global 
conditions and commodity prices unfold in the near future. On a 
medium to long term basis, our outlook on both the industry and our 
model remain strong and robust. But we do see some near term 
challenges because you will appreciate the fact that there are 
unprecedented levels of inflation being witnessed across raw material 
prices, energy costs in the form of coal in this case and supply chain 
and other disruptions. So that's as far as your capacity utilization 
question goes. 
And the second point that you made was on the deleveraging piece. 
So, on the de-levering piece, you are right. While our intent is to 
continue to deleverage, because our CAPEX has now come to a close 
our three-and-a-half-year program. And we are done with the bulky 
part of our CAPEX. So we should have technically started our 
deleveraging exercise. But unfortunately this year seen us increase 
some of our debt, which was driven by the working capital 
congestion that we were witnessing on several fronts. 
The two major fronts were, of course, the spike in inventory that we 
saw on account of the inflation and general situation that prevailed. 
And the other was emanating from the fact that there was a delay 
from the Government of India to ensure the reimbursements under 
the ROSCTL scheme, which had some of that being built up and 
accrued, but not encashed. Subsequently, the industry had to take a 
hit on the realizable value of these scripts and so on. And as far as 
Himatsingka is concerned, we have been, let's just say, slow on 
offloading these scripts given the current values. We have been 
cautious on that front. It was a combination of these factors that saw 
us increase our debt a little instead of deleveraging it. 
So, therefore, we are now focused on two things. We are focused on 
rationalizing our working capital congestion that's sort of built up 
during this time to accelerate deleveraging, other than ordinary 
course, repayments that were scheduled to do. That's my thoughts on 
debt.  

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
The third question was, you requested me to draw a parallel between 
eight, nine and today. It's an interesting point that you make. 
Unfortunately, I don't see much of a similarity between the two 
phases. I don't see those kind of timeframes that you spoke about and 
things of that nature being relevant to what we are facing today. 
If you see our , FY21 H2 performance and our FY22 H1 
performance, once again, subtracting the inflation part, we were sort 
of heading back to our normal levels of performance and going 
beyond before we were hit by hyperinflation and global volatility, 
which dampen the second half of FY22 in terms of operating 
performance. So I think while this inflation overhang and supply 
chain disruption overhang will last for a couple of quarters, post 
which our operating performance should go back to normalcy is what 
I feel. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
One more point, so despite all these pressures and challenges 
Himatsingka did manage to clock record revenues of ₹3,200 crores 
for the year, which we are pleased with under the conditions. I think 
the model is overall stable, but we will no doubt have some of this 
volatility hit us in the near-term. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Resham Jain with 
DSP Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. So I have two questions. So, obviously the 
external environment we see a lot of volatility there. But from the 
company's perspective, especially on the balance sheet, over the next, 
let's say six months, how do you see your internal measures going to 
help both in terms of reducing your working capital and the debt as 
well, because the inventory, if I look at, has increased significantly. 
Is it because of raw material or because of finished goods? And so 
internally what all you can do to bring down your working capital or 
is it more dependent on external environment is what I wanted to 
understand broadly. And secondly, on the demand side, how do you 
see the situation, if you can explain the slowness, is it related to 
specific customers of yours of specific product lines in terms of price 
points or any other reasons? So, just to understand what kind of 
demand impact which we are seeing currently. Yes, those are the two 
questions from my side. Thank you. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thanks, Resham. Let me take your second point first. You basically 
have two questions, one is about what we can do on the inventory, on 
sort of decongestion during the next six months. And the second was, 
my comments and views on the emanating global situation vis-a-vis 
our industry. So, as far as the demand outlook and volatility is 
concerned, it is not price point specific. We see it across the board, 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
point number one. We see it across the board, vis-a-vis price points 
we see it across the board vis-a-vis regions. Yes, there are differences 
in intensity, but there doesn't seem to be a pattern as far as we are 
concerned. 
So, in every region there seem to be some players who have, let's say, 
a greater need for deferrals and have slower off take. And in the same 
region we have players who are not affected at all. But overall, we 
seem to see at region levels, general sort of approach of slowing a 
little till the inventory corrects as far as our clients are concerned. So 
it's not like it's price point specific. It's not like its region specific. We 
are seeing it across the board. And the essential driving factor per our 
understanding is the fact that they need to correct their inventories 
and this might take a few months. 
Now, whether it's two months or three months or four months, it's a 
little difficult to predict. But as far as we are concerned, we think that 
this volatility will continue at least in the first half of FY23. Now, to 
answer your other question, what we will be specifically doing, well, 
it's not just the inventory piece that needs to come down. You need to 
get brought down to below ₹800 crores levels and now it's back up 
above the ₹1,000 crores level. So, we'll be focusing on bringing that 
down. The congestion is in WIP it's across the board in RM and WIP 
and in FG. So we'll be focused on that. 
But in addition to that Himatsingka has been a little patient on some 
of the incentives in terms of rate corrections and so on. So we will 
probably look at accelerating that as well depending on how the 
market conditions unfold. So it's not just the inventory piece vision, a 
couple of other current assets that we would like to become lean on 
during this time. But we think that the couple of quarters of FY23 
will see some demand volatility. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Just one more question, how much will be the total 
outstanding from government in incentives and everything put 
together, approximate number? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We’ll take that offline Resham. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amber Nagori with 
JCW. Please go ahead. 
Amber Nagori: 
Yes. Good evening, everyone. Congratulations on your results. I 
would like to ask, we can see the long-term debt and short-term debt 
has been increased. So I would like to ask the management, how 
exactly are you planning to use these funds or whether you have 
already used it? Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Amber, thank you for your question. So, these funds have been 
deployed as it is evident. So they're either in the form of working 
capital in the ecosystem or as far as term debt concerned, it's largely 
gone to fixed assets. So, as I was mentioning earlier, we have 
finished our CAPEX cycle. We were actually clear on our 
deleveraging journey post completion of our CAPEX cycle, but 
unfortunately we were hit by the global turbulence that we witnessed 
during FY22 as far as inflation is concerned, and other issues are 
concerned, including but not limited to supply chain and other 
aspects of volatility that we faced. And so we basically landed up 
with some increase in debt during FY22. 
There was also the delay that I spoke about as far as the 
reimbursements of export incentives were concerned and so on from 
the Government of India. So that also caused some spike in short-
term debt. So, these are the areas that we would now be wanting to 
decongest going forward. And so this will help us  pare  down some 
of the increases we saw. And as far as the term debt is concerned, 
we'll be following our scheduled repayments as they pan out. So 
accelerated working capital decongestion along with scheduled 
repayment of debt is what we will be focused on, ideally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pratiksha 
Daptari with Aequitas. Please go ahead. 
Pratiksha Daptari: 
I just wanted to understand that you mentioned that demand volatility 
may continue for H1 and given the raw material inflation, how do we 
look at margins in near future? And one bookkeeping question, if you 
could just elaborate on the increase in deferred tax in this quarter. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Okay. So margins I can't be specific about it, but it's obvious that 
under these current circumstances of commodity prices and some 
fluctuation that we will see on demand, margins will be under 
pressure. The question on deferred tax, is something we'll be happy 
to take offline and take you through detail, so that you're clear on that 
front. Do get in touch with us post this call and we'll take you 
through. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala. Please go ahead.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I would want to understand your 
revenue mix in terms of U.S and non-U.S. And how is the demand 
scenario in the non-U.S. regions? And is it equally under pressure the 
way U.S. is? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, Prerna, during FY22 Himatsingka increased its non-U.S. revenue 
streams vis-a-vis FY21. Unfortunately, the specific numbers are not 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
in front of me, but again we'll be happy to take this offline as far as 
what the non-U.S. scenario looks like in terms of size. In terms of 
general demand, emanating ex-U.S., I think it's a pretty, relatively 
speaking, there's a lot of inquiries coming through. There's a lot of 
interest also because of our broader product offering and our intent to 
capture broader markets. So, both aspects of strategy at play. We are 
offering a much broader spectrum of products to our clients globally, 
and we are consciously looking at tapping new markets. Himatsingka 
is building on its portfolio of brands constantly. So, all these 
initiatives have definitely made sure that our non-U.S. streams have 
become stronger and will continue to become stronger going forward. 
And we'll be happy to take you through specific numbers offline. I 
don't have it in front of me at this point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Jain from 
ICICI Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. I have two questions. 
One is considering our CAPEX is completed and we are not looking 
at any more growth CAPEX. What should be the maintenance 
CAPEX that we should be working with for the next two years kind 
of? And second sir over and above what input cost we would've 
booked for Q4? What is the kind of inflation we should be looking at 
over and above Q4? And given the demand slowdown, is there a 
possibility that we will be able to work for new price hikes or any 
kind of discussion of that sort with our customers? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Right. So, normal organic CAPEX levels, Gaurav, are in the region 
of between ₹60 crores and ₹70 crores is what we normally forecast. 
And so we expect that to continue, but as far as near-term is 
concerned, we pushed it out by additional six months as we had 
outlined in our update, given the global volatility. That’s our organic 
CAPEX levels in a normal year. Second, while you haven't asked a 
question, but I'll just add onto it, so in normal situations we would 
expect deleveraging in the region of ₹200 crores to play out that's 
how we would see normal deleveraging on an annual basis. Of 
course, there's some working capital congestion at this point, so that 
would be over and above as and when that plays out. 
And as far as your other question is concerned on price hikes, I think 
there is a constant effort that's on to be in dialogue with clients for 
price enhancements. I think we've completed the first few rounds 
already, first couple of rounds rather. I don't see immediate price 
hikes flowing through because the markets are also in a wait and 
watch mode in terms of how raw material prices will behave. There 
could be some exceptions to it, but the dialogue is always on. As I 
said, while the dialogue is on, it's not necessary that something will 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
come through immediately, because everyone's sort of waiting and 
watching in terms of what's going to happen to the raw material 
prices. 
There are several trigger points which are, which may include 
seasons as in weather patterns, trigger points could include 
regulations as we recently saw where the government took off duties 
on the import of cottons, trigger points could be looking at 
regulatory, let's say, restrictions on the export of the raw cotton, 
which has not been announced. But it's definitely being contemplated 
as is visible in certain sections of the media. So, these are examples 
of trigger points that could swing raw material prices and given this 
people are wanting to wait and watch. When I say people, I mean, 
stakeholders. So, that's our view. I don't see any near-term price hikes 
coming through in the next couple of months while the dialogue is 
on. I think people will wait and see what happens over the next few 
months to take a call. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Right. But given the current prices, what you would've built in Q4, 
what should be the inflation over and above that if you can help with 
that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It's a little tough one, Gaurav, because it'll change by product mix 
and so on. But I would say there is a bias for a slight upward 
movement vis-a-vis the fourth quarter, because prices have been 
consistently on the rise. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Got it. Just last question on demand. I mean, while we understand 
that the prices are abnormally high and demand is bound to find the 
pressure, but other than that is there anything else that you are 
sensing with regard to say there is a lot of stuffing in channel or 
anything of that sort, I mean, and what should play out for us to see 
the normal demand coming back kind of thing, other than prices 
correcting, obviously. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, it's not just the prices that have caused any demand fluctuation or 
that are causing demand fluctuation. It's also supply chain glut, 
there's a supply chain glut that's causing demand fluctuation because 
a lot of our global clients want their supply chains to be leaner. And 
they feel the inventory levels are a little higher than desired. And so 
it's something that they would like to bring down. That's also a very 
major factor in the demand softness story in the near-term. So I think 
both these aspects should be short lived in terms of a few months, but 
it's difficult to predict the exact timing of this. Other than these 
reasons, I don't see any other major trigger as such. That's something 
that concerns us. I think these are the two pieces. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Gaurav Jain: 
Got it. Last question,  is it fair to expect that the net debt should have 
peaked out, right. I mean, we should not expect the working capital 
going up. We should not expect CAPEX. So, net debt should have 
peaked out. Whatever it'll be, it should be de leveraging from these 
levels best case. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's right. That's our intent. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aman Kr Sonthalia, 
an investor. Please go ahead.  
Aman Kr Sonthalia: 
 
Yes. Good evening, sir. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Good evening. 
Aman Kr Sonthalia: 
Sir, two questions sir. I’ve seen the presentation of Trident and 
recently Indo Count. For the quarter ended March I've seen that India 
has lost markets share to Pakistan. So is it a warning sign or what is 
the reason behind that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Aman, honestly I haven't seen what you have seen. So, I'd have to see 
the context of your statement. India has lost market share to Pakistan 
is a broad statement. So I'd have to narrow it down to product into 
category and so on. But I'll be happy to take it offline with you and 
brainstorm your observation. 
Aman Kr Sonthalia: 
And sir what about the demand? Whether we are seeing the 
temporary let in the demand or it's a demand destruction? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, no. It's, as I said, demand correction in order to facilitate 
inventory correction with retailers. So, that's the major piece of the 
puzzle. So broadly we don't see any demand destruction. We are 
seeing a demand correction in order to right align inventories that's 
the way we see it. There could be softness in some buckets in some 
regions, but there could be optimism in certain other buckets and 
other regions. So, overall, globally, we don't see softness beyond the 
point. I mean, yes, there is a slight bias, but the major piece is 
emanating from inventory correction at the point of sales or in the 
supply chain as the case. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from 
M3 Investment. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, thanks. See we had the legacy upholstery and drapery business, 
and we were planning to reinvent the product portfolio to get back 
some of the market shares, so any update on that? 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
While we were working on tweaking our product portfolio and being 
more relevant globally, I just want to draw your attention that the 
segment is a very small segment of our consolidated revenue streams. 
It is sub ₹100 crores and while we are working on that. It cannot 
materially swing any of our numbers at a consolidated level. It's a 
luxury small boutique segment of ours. Although it's our legacy 
business, but, and we are working on it, but from a standpoint of its 
contribution to consolidated financial performance is negligible. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Sure, sure. And second question is, generally what's the premium 
difference between the branded sales we do versus unbranded or the 
private label and how has the premium moved in the past two, three 
years? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, it's difficult to quantify premium, because the premium can 
come in the form of slices. It can come in the form of stickiness. It 
can come in the price of longevity of market share and shelve space 
and so on. I think all in all on a stable basis, given our strong 
portfolio of brands and strong portfolio of private label, all put 
together, it was translating for us to stable EBITDA margins in the 
region of 20% to 22% in normal market conditions. That's where we 
think we will continue to be once these global factors normalize. But 
other than that, for you -- for me to point out what the exact 
differences in branded revenues or branded products is a little 
difficult. It all sort of comes down to us seeing our EBITDA profile 
in the region of 20%- 22% on a stable basis. 
Anuj Sharma: 
And lastly, we covered U.S. two entities and both were merged. 
Now, these used to be among the largest distribution companies. Do 
these or the merged entity, does it retain its market share or how has 
the market share changed up the distribution merged entity over the 
past few years? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, I mean, while it is a distribution entity, but do look at it, do look 
at us as one integrated entity, right, that manufactures and distributes 
products. And yes it does retain its share and its share continues to 
grow along with our revenues so or it's -- depending on the product, 
of course, and product category. But overall our share has increased 
because our revenues have increased. So, to answer your question, 
look at us as one integrated entity. And secondly, our market share 
has increased because we've had a 41% Y-o-Y increase in total 
revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath with 
Kivah Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Mithun Aswath: 
Just wanted to understand in terms of, you mentioned that a large 
portion of our revenues comes from our own distributed sales, how 
much would that be? And if there is quite a bit of inventory stuck in 
the system, would we need to take some sort of write-offs or write-
downs as well at some point just wanted to understand that. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, I mean, so to answer your first point, so it's a distribution entity 
as in it's a wholly own subsidy that carries on our business activities 
in the north, basically in North America and Europe. So it seamlessly 
integrated to manufacturing and it's therefore an integrated model. So 
please don't confuse yourself with the separate distribution entity and 
so on. It is just for structural convenience that it exists. And because 
it operates in international jurisdictions, it has to be a separate legal 
entity. But the underlying model is seamless and one integrated 
piece. The second part of your question is, sorry, what was the 
second part? 
Mithun Aswath: 
You mentioned that quite a lot of inventory in the system. I just 
wanted to understand… 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, so the inventory write-offs… 
Mithun Aswath: 
 
Would we need to take some write-off or anything on this? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, nothing that we foresee at this point. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Okay. And just lastly, just wanted to understand, how is your position 
in terms of raw material currently? Do you have inventory for the 
next quarter or something like that or how does that kind of move for 
you over the next three to six months? So just wanted to understand 
that. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, raw material, I mean, there's inventory, of course, in the 
system. But raw material piece is lean, because we haven't gone long 
on it given the condition. So, we would continue to buy for our 
requirements in that fiscal period of whether it's a quarter or a year. 
So, to answer your question, we are not long in any substantive way 
on raw materials. 
Mithun Aswath: 
And just one last one, in terms of your revenue contribution from 
Europe, are you seeing any pressure there with the currency 
fluctuation, just wanted your take on that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We're seeing general demand fluctuation as I outlined earlier during 
this call, but nothing specifically emanating from currency led issues 
and so on. I think the best example of probable currency led, let's say, 
polarizing a shift in sourcing basis could be jurisdictions like 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Pakistan who have had severe fluctuations in their currency, but 
nothing substantive as such that we have seen vis-a-vis our business. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Right. And looking more medium term, post these issues that you're 
seeing, do you see any tailwinds in the horizon in terms of these 
FTAs being signed with the Middle East as well as in Australia, 
anything that could act as a positive surprise in this current turmoil 
that we're seeing. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. I think the themes that are positively playing out, let's just say, 
is the trade agreements that India is pursuing with international 
jurisdictions. We saw it come through in Australia. We saw it playing 
out in the Middle East. We are now waiting and watching as to how 
it plays out with the UK and Europe and so on. It's clear that the 
Government of India is actively pursuing these opportunities. And 
therefore, that will be a positive theme for us as an industry. The 
second theme that's playing out and has been widely discussed and 
debated is the China plus one piece. That's still active to the best of 
our knowledge and as what we see in the industry. So that's 
something that we believe is also playing out. India has a lot to offer 
in the textile space. 
Other than this, we feel that is  India's also offering a lot of tailor 
made, innovation led, IP led, service led products in our industry and 
that should be a differentiator that the market would want to absorb. 
So these are some of the themes. Of course, I'll be happy to discuss it 
in more detail with you offline. But I do think there are a lot of 
positives that will play out in the medium term for India. And for 
Himatsingka more specifically FY22 was a good year for revenues. 
Unfortunately, it was hit on the operating profitability by the inflation 
that we saw. 
So we continue to be optimistic about our model, as I said, for the 
investments we have made and the projects that we have completed. 
With some debottlenecking and some organic CAPEX, we see 
substantial revenue upside and 20%-22% stable EBITDAs as we 
have seen through FY17, through FY18, through fiscal FY19 and so 
on. It was the last three fiscals that for some reason or the other have 
seen hits in our operating numbers. FY20 got hit in H2 by COVID, 
FY21 first half hit by lockdowns, then second half normalized in 
FY21, FY22 first half was working pretty smooth. Then we saw the 
second half got hit by hyperinflation once again. 
So, I'm just waiting for some of these factors to normalize and we 
should be on our way to achieve the numbers that we just spoke 
about, because the investments have been made, the assets are strong 
and we are just awaiting normalization of some of these prices. 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 31, 2022 
Mithun Aswath: 
Just one last one on the balance sheet, since our debt is quite high, 
have you seen maybe potential rise in rates could hurt us. And since 
we've not raised capital in the last six months to bring down debt 
level, is there any thought to maybe do a rights issue or something 
like that to bring down our debt level? Because the next couple of 
quarters if your margins are going be lower, you may just cover your 
interest costs. So just trying to understand how are we positioned for 
that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So we will be focused on accelerated working capital, decongestion 
and scheduled repayments. We have an adequate amount of cash 
with us including unutilized scripts. So we don't see any short-term 
issues. Market conditions are volatile. So we don't have any specific 
thoughts on a capital raise, but we'll keep you posted if we do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference back to the management for closing 
comments. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
