 
 
 
 
 
 
June 6, 2022 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
Market Operations Dept., 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 023. 
Capital Market Operations 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Fl., Plot No.C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500003 
Scrip Code: AEGISCHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub. : Transcript of the earnings conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call held on Tuesday, May 31, 2022 at 5.00 p.m. 
(IST), for your information and records. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
 
Monica T. Gandhi  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: as above 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Aegis Logistics Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call”  
 
May 31, 2022  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. RAJ CHANDARIA - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, AEGIS LOGISTICS 
LIMITED 
                                                MR. MURAD MOLEDINA - CFO, AEGIS 
LOGISTICS LIMITED 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY22 earnings Conference Call 
of Aegis Logistics Limited. Today on this call we have Mr. Raj Chandaria, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Aegis Logistics Limited along with the senior management team. This 
Conference Call may contain forward looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call, 
actual results may differ materially. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
Conference Call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Raj Chandaria, CMD of Aegis Logistics Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Thank you very much, good afternoon, everyone. I am joined today by our chief financial 
officer, Mr. Murad Moledina and we will be presenting the FY 21-22 full year results, which 
of course, includes the Q4 results, as well as the outlook for FY 22-23 and various other 
business updates. Now you will recall that we did have a weaker start to the year in Q1, 
which was then followed by a steady recovery in the following three quarters, which has 
resulted in an overall good performance for the whole year of FY 21-22. We're now looking 
forward to a strong performance for the current year, FY 22-23 to build further on the 
recovery in profits growth that we saw in FY 21-22. 
 
So let me just turn to a little more detail on FY 21-22. Revenues increased to INR 4,631 crore 
versus INR 3,843 crore in the previous year, primarily as a result of higher sourcing volumes, 
EBITDA for the group rose to INR 586 crore versus INR 535 crore in the previous year, 
that's a rise of around 10% over the previous year and an increase of INR 164 crore in Q4, 
which is actually a quarterly high, lifetime high. Profit before tax rose to INR 472 crore as 
compared to INR 433 crore in the previous year, which was adjusted for the effect of the 
ESPP, that's a rise of 9% of profit growth despite a very weak Q1 at the beginning of the 
year, profit after tax for the group was INR 385 crore versus INR 347 crore in the previous 
year and adjusted for the effect of ESPP and that's a rise of 11%. We believe that this marks a 
clear return to our PAT despite a shaky peak COVID affected start to the year in Q1, which 
was April, May and June of 2021. In earnings,  per share for the year, therefore comes in at 
INR 10.19 per share for the whole of FY 21-22 versus INR 6.36 per share in the previous 
year. On the basis of the improved results and confidence that business conditions have now 
stabilized I am pleased to report that the board has declared a final dividend of INR 0.50 per 
share, aggregating to INR 2.50 per share for the whole year, a 25% rise over the previous 
year. 
 
So I'd now like to go through the underlying segment numbers. In the liquids division, 
revenues for FY 22 were INR 270 crore versus INR 234 crore in the previous year. That's an 
increase of around 15% from the previous year and the EBITDA rose to INR 194 crore, 
which is again an increase of 13% from the previous year reflecting the impact of the 
capacity additions at Kandla, Mangalore and Haldia. Coming to the gas terminal segments, 
revenues were INR 4,361 crore versus INR 3,609 crore in the previous year. The EBITDA 
for the year was INR 390 crore versus INR 362 crore in the previous year, a rise of 8% over 
the previous year. We continue to see a rebound for the gas division with sourcing and 
distribution volumes improving and throughput remaining stable as I will now explain with 
the sales volume analysis. Starting with the throughput volumes, the LPG volumes for the 
year handled at our three terminals of Mumbai, Haldia and Pipavav were 2.86 million metric 
tons versus 2.91 million metric tons in the previous year, despite a very low first quarter. So 
Q4 volumes were 800,800 metric tons versus 752,000 metric tons in the previous quarter, 
with Q4 clocking the second highest lifetime volumes. Haldia had good volumes and 
Mumbai continued to operate at full capacity with all three oil companies IOC, HPCL and 
BPCL bringing imports. The LPG rail gantry at Pipavav continued to perform well and is 
delivering considerable cost savings to our customers, which is in turn driving improved 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
volumes at Pipavav. The bulk industrial segment delivered 38,580 metric tons in Q4 versus 
29,662 metric tons in the previous quarter and aggregating to 114,058  metric tons during the 
year versus 56,107 metric tons a year earlier representing a 50% growth over the previous 
year and margins remained stable. 
 
The commercial and domestic cylinder segment, which sells to hotels, restaurants and small 
scale industries under the Aegis pure gas brand and to the domestic household segment under 
the Aegis Chota Sikander brand was steady with Q4 sales of 6,568 metric tons versus 6,414 
metric tons in the previous quarter but for the year as a whole sales volume ended at 24,334 
metric tons versus 19,524 metric tons a year earlier registering a 25% increase. So we have 
now commissioned five bottling plants during the year, which should bring additional 
volumes to this segment in the current year. Auto gas sales were slightly higher at 6,185 
metric tons in Q4 versus 5,961 metric tons in Q3 and 21,700 metric tons during the whole 
year versus 19,785 metric tons a year earlier, which represents an increase of around 10%, 
margins remain stable and healthy. 
 
There are more fuel stations to be commissioned this year, and there's also a good pipeline 
over around 60 new dealers over the next 24 months or so. The sales volume of the sourcing 
business was 270,451 metric tons versus 125,858 metric tons in the previous quarter. As we 
reported last quarter, we expect this to increase the volumes to continue throughout the 
calendar year on account of winning an important tender at the beginning of the year. Let me 
now finally turn to the business highlights for the quarter and the outlook for the rest of the 
year and an update on the CapEx plan. 
 
During the quarter Pipavav port continued its work on making the LPG jetty compliant for 
handling VLGC with completion expected by June 2022, which when completed will further 
improve the competitiveness of Pipavav as an LPG logistics hub, we recall that an important 
part of this was the rail gantry, which is completed and now we are waiting for the jetty to be 
completed. Kandla oil jetty number seven, which will be VLGC compliant, the work 
continues and is expected to be completed by September 2022. Work by the IHBL, which is 
the IOC Hindustan Petroleum Bharat Petroleum consortium built with the KGPL pipeline, 
LPG pipeline, that's the Kandla Gorakhpur LPG pipeline, to which if I can remind everyone, 
both Kandla and Pipavav terminals will be connected, that work continues, phase 1 is 
expected, from the information we have, is expected to be completed by December 2022, the 
outlook for FY 23, both gas and liquid segments continue to perform well, we've had a good 
start of the year and it is our expectation that the current financial year 2023 sales will 
continue to grow robustly. 
 
As far as the projects are concerned, I'm really pleased to confirm that the Kandla LPG 
project has been successfully commissioned with no technical issues and we have in fact 
handled our first cargo --, we expect now to see the terminal gradually ramp up volumes and 
start contributing to the earnings per share. Project work has now commenced full swing on 
the expansion projects that we announced in Q2, and we will keep giving updates in the 
ensuing quarters on how these are progressing. As far as the Aegis Vopak joint venture is 
concerned, I'm also really pleased to confirm that all the formalities are now complete. The 
joint venture has been completed successfully and we look forward to excellent results from 
this joint venture, that concludes my presentation. We can now take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Our first question comes from the line of Digant Haria 
with GreenEdge Wealth Services. Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
Yes, hi, firstly, congratulations for the, you know, probably the best ever quarter in terms of 
gas volumes, you know, bottle refilling institutions. My question sir, is, you know, how much 
of the gas that we handle is eventually used for cooking gas purposes, you know, would you 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
have like insight as to what BPCl & IOCL, what percentage eventually enters cooking gas 
for people? 
Raj Chandaria: 
I would say that, the statistics that we have basically show that 90% of the LPG volumes in 
India are related to cooking gas and so that would mean 10% is non-cooking gas related. I 
think the ratio in the future will change. Cooking gas will continue to grow simply by way of 
the fact that more and more people are coming into the LPG net, but the non-cooking gas 
applications are also increasing, transportation, slow with steady improvement, the industrial 
applications of LPG are also increasing and at least right now, it's a good competitor to 
natural gas because as you know natural gas prices globally are rising quite rapidly. Plus I 
think generally we are seeing much more awareness of the environmental pressures and so on 
and, you know, slow substitution to cleaner fuels is also happening amongst industrial 
customers. So I think at the moment the ratio is, I would say 90%, but slowly we expect the 
proportion of non cooking gas applications to also improve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Himanshu Yadav with Edelweiss 
Wealth, please go ahead. 
Himanshu Yadav:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first of all could you please clarify the reason behind the 
spike in receivables and INR 221 crore dividend paid, what is that related to the cash flow 
statement? That's one. Second, I mean, with Kandla now started, what kind of volume 
expectations do you have for the first 12 months? I mean, you have been saying that 
anywhere from 0.7 to 1 billion tons is what we have been expecting, does it remain the same 
or is there any change in that, that’s all. Thank you. 
Raj Chandaria: 
I didn’t hear the first question. 
Himanshu Yadav:  
So, the first question was the reason behind there's a spike in the receivables in the balance 
sheet, and also there is INR 221 crore dividend paid item appearing in the cash flow. So I just 
wanted clarification regarding what is that related to. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Okay, Yes Murad, can I ask you to take that question, please, the first part and then I can talk 
about Kandla. 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes. So, as you are aware, beginning this calendar year, we have had a good booking of 
sourcing business, and therefore, as these have almost doubled in the previous quarter you 
will see the increase in receivables as well as a corresponding increase in payable. So these 
are on back to back open credit of 30 days, so they will both appear, but they are not a drag 
on working capital because working capital is zero in this. So it is only on both sides an equal 
kind of increase you will see in receivable as well as payable on account of increase in 
sourcing volumes during this calendar year 2022. As far as dividend in cash flow is 
concerned, in this financial year we have paid two dividends of INR 2 each, so that is what is 
being reflected out there including minority shareholders of Hindustan Aegis being paid their 
share from our subsidiary Hindustan Aegis. So all of these three together will amount to INR 
221 crore dividend, which has been shown here. So we paid dividend for FY 20-21 during 
the year, as well as we paid for the year 21-22 an interim of INR 2, so INR 4 itself, that is 
INR 140 crore paid to Aegis shareholder and the balance is what the minority shareholders 
was paid out of Hindustan Aegis, our subsidiary, I hope that answers you. 
Himanshu Yadav:  
Yes. 
Raj Chandaria:  
As far as the second question is concerned, the prospects for the Kandla LPG terminal, I 
think, you know, obviously, we are six months delayed so obviously that has sort of, reduced 
our expectations to that extent, but we expect a slow and steady ramp up to the volumes, you 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
know, in an LPG terminal or any form of gas terminal, it really depends of course, on the 
contract, the attractiveness of the terminal, we have been speaking to our customers that we 
are now ready to receive cargos and I'm confident that while we may not have specific exact 
numbers at the moment to share with you, but I'm confident that like all the other three 
terminals we will achieve close to the kind of numbers that we have been talking about in 
terms of throughput. Murad, do you want to add anything to that? 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, and also please note that Kandla terminal is very close to a very large industrial 
consumption market for LPG and that is also what we would be targeting. So you will have 
to see both put together the throughput as well as the distribution margins which Kandla is 
going to generate, I think that will definitely meet up with whatever projections we have had 
in mind. 
Himanshu Yadav:  
Okay, thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Priyankar Biswas with Nomura, please 
go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Sir, what I heard about Kandla is that this asset can also give you distribution linked benefits, 
that's what you said in the previous statement, so can you like quantify the impact that like 
how much uptake in distribution volumes you can expect just because of the Kandla 
commissioning from your normal run rate? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Murad, do you want to just take that question? 
Murad Moledina:  
I can take that. So let me explain to you in the sense that as you are aware, distribution 
margins are at least between 5x to 10x of throughput margins, and as such, even if we are 
able to do 10,000 tons distribution from Kandla, which is expected very easily as Morbi 
market is very nearby, we would be doing equivalent of 50,000 tons of throughput in that 
sense. So that should give you a fair idea of the potential and it all depends as we will grow 
and there is a huge potential we believe that we can grow in distribution volumes out there. 
So we are looking at both, throughput as well as distribution to achieve what is targeted as an 
EBITDA generation from Kandla LPG terminal. 
Priyankar Biswas:  
Sir, my additional question is recently you have acquired these asset at Kandla, these liquid 
terminals. So the acquisition price seems quite low, I mean, given the size of the asset. So are 
there any hidden issues or something with this asset that we need to rectify? I mean, is there 
some problem with that asset? 
Raj Chandaria:  
No, I think Biswas you have correctly identified. We are very proud of what has been 
achieved in terms of the acquisition price. I think it's an outstanding transaction for us. I'm 
surprised that nobody else really noticed it, but you did, congratulations. No, I can confirm 
that thorough due diligence was done. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the assets. I 
think in fact, the asset is an excellent asset and really puts us in a commanding position as far 
as the liquid business in the north part of India, you know, for which Kandla is the main 
gateway. We are now the undisputed jointly with Vopak, of course, AVTL where we have 
51%, the undisputed market leader, the price setter and really looking forward to some 
outstanding numbers coming out of this acquisition. So, I can confirm that, no, there's 
nothing wrong with the asset. It's in excellent condition. So Murad, you participated in the 
due diligence for this. 
Priyankar Biswas:  
It was such a great asset, I mean, by the previous owners, so I'm just wondering. 
Raj Chandaria:  
Murad, you want to add anything here? 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, let me add here, you see, the advantage with Aegis is that it had money to put on the 
table, and it was the only party because we had already announced our joint venture with 
Vopak, really a serious contender to take over easily that asset and quickly, and, of course on 
the other side, there were succession issues, there were pressures, which the party was 
undergoing and sometimes things just fall in place. So see, we are very happy that this has 
happened, there could be N number of reasons, you know, we can't list all of them, but I think 
we have highlighted a few, that we were the party who could put money on the table, acquire 
the asset quickly, and we could undertake due diligence fast to complete it in a very short 
time and I think this has what put us ahead of any other contender on paper that would have 
been there. So we are very happy that we could do this. 
Priyankar Biswas:  
Sir, one additional question. So since the deal with Vopak is now affirmed that is concluded. 
So can you give us an idea since this is done? So what would be the cash utilization? So you 
are getting like INR 2200 crore of cash post tax, so how this is going to be utilized, I mean, 
probably a roadmap or something like that. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, Murad, you want to just take that? 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, I'll start with that. So, we have in past said that we have done this joint venture and this 
cash, we have highlighted and set out three growth paths, which we are going to pursue, and 
we are sure and confident that the cash would easily be used in these three growth paths. Of 
course, the first one is that we have said that there will be more aggressive growth and 
expansion in our retail and distribution segment, which is a high EBITDA generating 
segment and then of course in AVTL itself there is already a set growth path where we would 
be deploying all the internal accruals of AVTL back into the growth project that we have 
identified over the next 5 years and then there would be a third growth path, which is new 
products that the JV partner brings on the table, lots and lots of new ideas and projects and 
products, which could be pursued of course, in terminal space, whether it is natural gas, 
ammonia, and many, many more and we are already talking on some of them and I'm sure in 
near future we will come up with projects as and when they are identified as suitable 
investment opportunities and share it. We have, of course already announced INR 1,250 crore 
project in AVTL, which has already kicked off and has commenced construction. So, on all 
fronts, I think very aggressive growth pursuit and we are sure this cash would be used up 
productively. In the meantime, of course, we would ensure that it gets a reasonable, safe 
return in our books until the time it is deployed. 
Priyankar Biswas:  
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press “*”, “1”. 
Our next question comes from the line of Digant Haria with GreenEdge Wealth Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
Yes, sir. So my second question is, you know, my first question was cut I don't know why, 
but my second question was that, you know, we mentioned in our presentation that we will 
do around INR 1250 crore of CapEx in the joint venture with Vopak and that would be, you 
know, for 1,90,000 tons of liquid capacity and around 1,00,000 metric tons of gas capacity. 
So now, you know, before the deal, we almost had six times of that capacity in liquid and 
around nine times of that capacity in gas. So, is it fair to say that the replacement value of all 
the assets that we had before the Vopak deal would easily have been INR 6000 crore to INR 
7,000 crore or, you know, has that CapEx score really gone up in recent years? 
Raj Chandaria: 
What is the crust of your question, is it on the replacement cost of the assets? 
Digant Haria:  
My question is that, you know, the assets that we already have are maybe, you know, five 
times or six times the assets we are trying to build in the Vopak joint venture by spending 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
INR 1250 crore. So, you know, like, you know, is it that the replacement value of our assets 
has gone up so much in the last 5-10 years? 
Murad Moledina:  
Let me put it this way, that our existing LPG static capacity is close to around 110,000 metric 
tons, all four terminals put together, 18,300 Pipavav, 25,000 Haldia, 20,000 Mumbai and 
48,000 in Kandla, so that is 110,000 metric tons. We are building 100,000 additional static 
gas capacity. 
Digant Haria:  
I get it, okay. 
Murad Moledina: 
So your valuation of 6000-7000, I don’t know where it has come from. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay, fine, that was from my side, thank you. 
Raj Chandaria:  
But, I just would like to add that, I mean a general point that in fact, for any newcomer 
coming into this sector, yes, the cost of capital expenditures has gone up, you know, 
materials are much more expensive. So, you know, somebody who has already got a 
substantial asset base obviously is always going to be at an advantage. 
Digant Haria:  
Right, thanks sir. If we have to do a theoretical exercise of if we have to make the entire 
Aegis Logistics asset based today, what will be the cost for that? 
Murad Moledina: 
Sorry, we have not worked out, so it's very difficult. Yes, it's very hypothetical in any case, 
but it's not just the cost, the location, you know, in Mumbai, no one else can come in. There's 
no land, in Pipavav no one else can come in, there's no land. So it's not just the cost, it's very 
difficult to value anything like this, hypothetically. 
Digant Haria:  
Right, okay, fair enough, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, next question comes from the line of Depesh Kashyap with Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Yes, hi sir, thanks for taking my questions. So your volumes for sourcing throughput and 
distribution have improved quarter on quarter, but your EBITDA in the gas segment seems to 
be a little down, right. So I just want to understand the reason for the same, which segment 
have you felt the margin pressure? 
Murad Moledina:  
We have in Q4 almost got identical EBITDA as the previous quarter and, you know, it is the 
mix, but yes, in the last quarter, the retail margins were a little higher, but the throughput 
volume which increased in the current quarter was not very significant as well as the bulk 
industrial sales where the real increase was there as the least margin out of all the four sub 
segments, so, which is why you see almost equivalent kind of an EBITDA in Q4 versus Q3. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Sir, but will you say that. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, I, I think it was more the product mix because as Murad said that the industrial segment, 
you know, accounted for a fairly important part of the Q4 numbers and there the margins are 
the lowest out of all the segments that we have. Yes. sorry, go ahead. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
So I just wanted to confirm the throughput margins are intact, right? The INR 1000 per tonne 
that you basically normally talk about. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Murad Moledina: 
Absolutely. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Okay, got it, and sir recently there were a lot of press releases that you put on the storage 
exchanges, regarding the change in evaluation, right, of the few terminals that were 
transferred to the JV. I just want to understand what was the reason for the change in 
valuations for that? 
Murad Moledina: 
Sorry. I have not understood your question correctly. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
There were a lot of press releases that the assets that are being transferred to the AVTL joint 
venture, there was some change in valuations, right, if I understand correctly. 
Murad Moledina:  
Okay, yes, now that valuation happened when we were finalizing the joint venture and it was 
an upside valuation. So we were, as you can see with Vopak release also, we could secure 
€10 million more than what was earlier agreed, which was around INR 900 million is the 
valuation finally signed off between the partners, so we could secure more, we are happy for 
that. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Okay, got it. So, so that JV is now structured, right post March, so can you just give the gross 
head and the cash number of the AVTL as of now, what will be that? 
Murad Moledina: 
Oh, no, it just happened, just 2 days back. So just give us time, maybe in Q1, when we come 
out, we will come out with some guidance on that. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
So, INR 265 crore for the Friends terminal that was spanned through JV. Is that 
understanding correct? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Okay, got it and lastly, sir, the CapEx of INR 1250 crore that you have mentioned in the 
PBT, how should we build that? Should the CapEx be in FY 23 and 24? 
Murad Moledina:  
I think you can spread it almost equally between 2 years, FY 23 and FY 24. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
So 1250 divided by 2, like that is the CapEx. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, you can safely do that. 
Depesh Kashyap:  
Understood, thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta with Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Gupta, your line is unmuted. You could please state your question. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Sir, hi, good evening. So with regard to this INR 2200 crore that you are receiving, so INR 
1250 crore is the expenditure by the joint venture, right? So out of which our share would be 
INR 625 odd crore. Is that the right way of looking at it? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Okay, so given that this will be again spread, you know, across 2 years, so out of the INR 
2200 crore, we have plans for INR 300 crore as of now for this year, right? What is the plan 
for the remaining INR 1900 crore for FY23 and for the remaining INR 1600 crore for FY24, 
if you can be more specific, because I know that you had tried to answer this to an earlier 
participant question, but that was very, very high level and very vague, so I want to 
understand specifically, you know, what is the quantum of money that we are going to spend, 
which year, which way, because you know, the businesses which have been retained are very 
asset like, like your distribution and all, so they don't require that quantum of money. So, you 
know, as shareholders, because this has been almost 1 year, the deal has been in making. So, 
we want some concrete answers on this particular question, sir. 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, we take a point, but then the deal has closed just 2 days back and we are yet to decide on 
the projects, which are going to be undertaken and we will come out as and when we are 
ready with those projects because a project involves a lot of things to be closed and fixed. So, 
we are not yet ready for that but what we can tell you is that there are lots and lots of 
opportunities, and we are working on many of them and no sooner, you know, as and when 
they happen and we are ready to undertake, we will come out and, you know, announce them 
like we have announced INR 1,250 crore of project. So, we it's that we cannot wait and first 
finalize the project and then come up with the money, so the joint venture was important for 
two reasons. One is that it gives the cash for future growth, as well as it brings on table new 
ideas, like industrial terminals, jetty, as well as new products, like natural gas and ammonia, 
etc. which we can now get into and which are already on the tables under discussions, but 
have patience we will come up as and when we are ready with specific projects we'll 
announce. 
Raj Chandaria:  
Yes. I think I'd like to add a point here, that one of the philosophies that Aegis has is that we 
will not invest in projects, which do not give shareholders an excellent return on capital, you 
know, this has been the guiding philosophy, better not to spend the money than do poor 
return projects, so we will, , be looking around for high return projects. I think Mr. Biswas 
from Nomura also highlighted that, you know, that we will try to acquire assets or build 
assets which are attractively priced, which will of course enhance our return on capital 
employed and we will not do white elephant projects or prestige projects. It's basically as and 
when opportunities come before us, we will examine them and then deploy the capital that 
we have, you know, in order to give the maximum return. So that's our philosophy and as 
Murad said that as and when these opportunities present themselves, we will, of course be, 
you know keeping everybody updated. 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes and just to add here, in addition to INR 1,250 crore projects which were announced, we 
acquired when the opportunity presented itself, the Kandla terminal of half a million 
kiloliters. So there are discussions on many other such opportunities and as and when we are 
able to secure them or finalize, you know, then we would come up with the announcements. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Understood, from a business point of view, I mean, most of this gas and liquid divisions 
business has been parked in the JV now, you have distribution business with you, are there 
any adjacent area where we feel we will have a competitive edge and where a reasonable 
amount of money can be deployed? I mean, adjacencies to your business, do you see such 
possibilities? And if yes, then what are those? 
Raj Chandaria:  
Yes, I would say, you know, every aspect of the business, of our adjacent businesses which 
improves and enhances the competitiveness of our existing assets, so Murad mentioned, for 
example, if we have the opportunity to participate in or build jetty’s which bring down the 
cost of bringing gas or new energy projects or anything like that, we will definitely look at, 
and, you know, that's something that our teams are doing every day. I think I met somebody 
where I mentioned that the environmental pressures are increasing on people using dirty fuels 
and one of the key things that we at Aegis believe is that we will be an important player and 
participant in helping India transition to a more sustainable future and that means primarily 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
gas in the short term, so all aspects of, you know, so converting, for example, people who are 
using coal to cleaner fuels and so on, all aspects of that are on the table and our teams are 
actively looking at such projects and investment opportunities. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Understood, sir, and this Friends terminal that you have acquired while normally you will 
have some time to ramp up the capacity, this would already be in full utilization. So what sort 
of an EBITDA would it add to us? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, this is one of the advantages of acquisition driven growth as well. Murad, can I hand 
over that question to you? 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, so what we do is that when we acquire a terminal it has to be then upgraded to the 
standard of Aegis and Vopak, so that doesn't mean that we will close down, but it'll take time 
for a ramp up and change of product mix, which will enhance the revenue and EBITDA, so 
it's premature to come up with any projections of EBITDA as far as Friends terminal is 
concerned, but during the year, I'm sure we would be in a position to come up with the 
contributions which Friends terminal would make to our EBITDA very soon. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Understood, sir, thank you and all the best. 
Murad Moledina:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chirag with Budhrani Group, please go 
ahead. 
Chirag:  
Good evening, sir. Am I audible? Hello? Am I audible now, sir? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Chirag:  
Yes, so just two things to understand, the CRL acquisition and the acquisition from Friends 
group of this liquid terminal, what is the current utilization level there? 
Raj Chandaria:  
In both the cases it is about 75%. 
Chirag:  
And this acquisition from the Friends group will come in the Aegis book, right? All 100% 
belongs to Aegis? 
Raj Chandaria: 
AVTL, Aegis Vopak Terminal, all liquid capacities are in Aegis group. 
Chirag:  
Okay, and sir I wanted to understand during FY 20, we had a very good, you know, sourcing 
volume of around 18,00,00 to 19,00,000 metric tons, are we ever going to reach there or you 
think that the current volumes are good enough? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes. Sourcing volumes? I think, yes, we had an excellent in the 18, 19, 20 year, then, of 
course we've had the much lower volumes, we are back in the game now for this calendar 
year and we expect to see continued growth in sourcing volumes. I can't predict exact, you 
know, whether we will win a tender or not. It is a tender driven business, and of course there 
are some supply chain challenges as well, but our objective is to obviously try and get back to 
the kind of levels that we were operating previously. 
Chirag:  
Okay, sir, thank you, sir. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Suman Kawatra with TechFin Consultant. Please 
go ahead, Ms. Kawatra, your line is unmuted. Please go ahead. Since there is no response, we 
will take the next question. Our next question comes from the line of Anant Mundra with 
Mytemple Capital Advisors, LLP, please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Good evening, sir. I'm sorry I joined the call late, so probably this might have been answered 
earlier, what is the reason for an increase in borrowing year on year, it's gone up from around 
INR 400 crore to around INR 800 crore, so I just wanted to know that. 
Murad Moledina: 
Sorry, what did you say, the borrowings have gone from? 
Anant Mundra:  
Around INR 400 crore to INR 800 crore. 
Murad Moledina:  
Where did you get INR 800 crore from? It is not INR 800 crore. 
Anant Mundra:  
What is the debt level? 
Murad Moledina:  
INR 300 crore odd and INR 90 crore for the current year. 
Anant Mundra:  
Okay, alright, I’ll recheck that figure again, I am sorry sir. 
Murad Moledina:  
INR 800 crore I have never ever in our lifetime taken. 
Anant Mundra:  
Okay, alright and sir, how much of our distribution is to domestic retail, around what 
percentage? 
Murad Moledina: 
Against what volume are you referring as a percentage? 
Anant Mundra:  
Gas distribution volume. 
Murad Moledina:  
Yes, so gas distribution volume, if you look at our presentation, 24,000 and 21,000 were auto 
gas and pack cylinders and around 114,000 worth bulk industrial distribution, so that's the 
breakup for the year, 114,000, 22000 odd auto LPG and around 24,000 odd is  gas cylinders. 
Anant Mundra:  
Okay, so on the retail side, are we saying any pressure on volume given that the government 
has increased subsidy through the PSU channel? So won’t people be more inclined on getting 
cylinders through the oil PSU? 
Murad Moledina:  
No, we are not into the domestic LPG segment in a big way as yet, so there is enough scope 
in commercial LPG and of course, very small cylinders of 2 kg and 4 kg in the retail segment, 
for commercial use, we have gone all the way up to 450 kg cylinder, so there is enough scope 
there to make inroads and please understand there is no change in pricing. The subsidy is 
given to the oil companies, so there is no tweaking in the price which the consumer pays as 
such. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Mundra, sorry for the interruption. I would request you to kindly join the queue. Our next 
question comes from the line of Rajesh Agarwal with Moneyore, please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal:  
I have two questions. One auto LPG can there be a drop in volumes because our main 
customers are auto rickshaw drivers and all three wheelers and the government has not 
increased the subsidy, there's a lot of black marketing happening in that sector where the 
difference is a huge per cylinder or per kg, whatever you call it, and second question, sir, 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
PNG infrastructure being set up across the country, will it affect the cooking LPG volumes 
which we are importing? These are the two questions, sir? 
Raj Chandaria: 
Murad, shall I take those? 
Murad Moledina:  
Sir, let me just add here, I'll just highlight a couple of things here, then you can take it, as far 
as PNG is concerned and maybe you are talking about CDG, you know, there are so many 
players now getting in, but where is the material? You know, the CDGs which have been 
given, the city distribution gas network maybe equal around 20 MMBTU, if I may call it and 
our local production is not even 25% and if we try and import natural gas, it's ridiculous rates 
at which it is now being sold, the producers are booked till 2-3 years from now, till 2026 and 
beyond, so where is the gas, you know for city distribution and cooking purpose and auto 
LPG volumes have not dropped, in fact, they're marginally increased during the year, as you, 
you can see from our presentation, for the year over the previous year, we have increased by 
25% and there are a lot of auto gas station in pipeline, so they wouldn't be in pipeline if there 
wouldn't be a demand for the gas, so there are franchisees who are interested in setting up 
stations and they are in pipeline and you will see a ramp up, only thing is it is a slow ramp 
because of, you know, lot of permits and on ground difficulties, which the franchise face, so 
otherwise we don't see a challenge. Mr. Raj, if you would want to add to this. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Yes, I fully endorse what you said, Murad, but, I might just add that the question about the 
penetration of natural gas distributed through a pipe network and so on has been raised many 
times before, I think, first of all city gas distribution is coming, but we do not believe it will 
pose a serious challenge to the growth in LPG. LPG will continue to be the most important 
fuel in India and as these big important pipelines, like the KGPL pipeline and so on get built, 
the cooking gas in the most portable form, which is LPG will be the dominant fuel in India 
for many, many years to come and, you know, there is a serious question on the economics of 
piped natural gas, you know, in terms of the sourcing of the actual natural gas as well alluded 
to, so we believe that LPG will continue to be the main fuel of the future. On the second 
question of, you know, the price differentials for the auto gas segment and so on we don't 
anticipate a serious problem on that. We've been through this type of cycles many years and 
ultimately prices always adjust and we don't anticipate a problem in volumes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question. I would now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Raj Chandaria for closing comments. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Thank you very much, so I just want to conclude by saying that really 2021-22 started off in 
a very challenging way, but we finished the year on a note of optimism and tremendous 
excitement because we have concluded many, many important milestones, including 
commissioning of our Kandla terminal including the completion of the Vopak joint venture 
and important infrastructural developments that are going on in the various ports and we 
begin the new financial year with real confidence in the path that we are following and really 
looking forward now that these important projects are behind us, Kandla and Vopak and so 
on, really looking forward to the next phase of growth and reporting some excellent results 
going forward. Thank you so much and we will see you next time. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aegis Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
 
