 
 
 
         www.aurumproptech.in                                                                                                                           Aurum PropTech Limited                       
         www.aurumventures.in                                                                                                     (formerly known as Majesco Limited) 
         investors@aurumproptech.in                                                                                                      CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874 
  +91-22-2778 1271                                                                                                          Office Address: Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parć, 
                                                                                                                             Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai 400710, India 
Date: June 06, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on May 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on May 30, 2022. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Khushbu Rakhecha 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
BSE Script Code: 539289 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
KHUSHBU 
DILIP 
RAKHECHA
Digitally signed 
by KHUSHBU 
DILIP RAKHECHA 
Date: 2022.06.06 
10:02:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIRANG ATHALYE – PRESIDENT – AURUM 
VENTURES - DIRECTOR – AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED  
MR. ONKAR SHETYE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. KUNAL KARAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. HIRENKUMAR LADVA – EVP – INVESTMENT - 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED  
MODERATOR:      MS. ASHA GUPTA – EY LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Aurum PropTech Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from EY Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Steven. Welcome to the Aurum PropTech Limited Q4 FY2022 earnings call. It 
gives me great pleasure to welcome the management of the company represented by Mr. 
Srirang Athalye – President – Aurum Ventures and Director – Aurum PropTech Limited; 
Mr. Onkar – Executive Director of Aurum PropTech Limited; Mr. Kunal Karan – CFO of 
Aurum PropTech Limited; Mr. Hirenkumar Ladva – EVP – Investment – Aurum PropTech 
Limited.  
 
Before starting the call, I would like to remind you that anything that has been said in the 
call which reflects any outlook for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking 
statements must be viewed in conjunction that the risk we face, this risk and uncertainties 
are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospect of file with SEBI 
and subsequent annual report you can find it on our website. With that said, I now hand 
over the call to Mr. Srirang. Over to you Sir! 
Srirang Athalye: 
Thank you Asha. Good evening, all. I thank each one of you for joining our Q4 FY2022 
call. This is the fourth quarterly call under Aurum management, and I am glad to have all of 
you once again on this call. Today, we would like to walk you through Aurum PropTech’s 
journey post taking over the control of the company from the erstwhile promoters in May 
2021.  
 
In span of just 10 months, we have been able to build operation and generate revenues in 
the company with a hybrid strategy. We now have two SaaS and four RaaS products in the 
market. Our talent pool has increased from just 5 to 400 as on March 2022. We would also 
like to take you through a synopsis of recently concluded Right to Issue and our progress on 
organic as well as inorganic growth strategy but before that let me take you through the 
strong tailwinds witnessed for the PropTech sector in India which strengthens our 
conviction for the sector. 
 
To start with, the real estate industry in India is said to grow to US $1 trillion economy by 
2030. It is estimated to contribute 13% of the national GDP. This is further fueled by rapid 
urbanization in India with report estimating 75% of the national income to come from cities 
by 2031. To add to it, the digitization has seen a rapid growth in India with internet 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
penetration standing at 47% as of 2022. The rising tide of the millennial generation are 
leading to a meaningful change to the consumption pattern and acceleration in technology 
adoption. In the financial year 2021, we witnessed over $40 billion digital transactions 
worth more than a quadrillion Indian rupee across the country. Further, a recent report by 
CII had estimated that PropTech investment will double to USD one billion in 2025 as 
technology is infiltrating every aspect of real estate. These tailwinds will lead to a long-term 
sustainable value creation in PropTech sector. Given Aurum groups understanding of the 
real estate sector and experience of technology lead disruptions, we are best positioned to 
bring in digital transformation to the real estate sector. Our businesses are built with an eye 
for revenue and profitability and are based on strong governance risk and compliance 
practices. I am sure all of you would have noticed the operating revenue of Rs. 8.2 Crores in 
the last quarter, this will go mile in creating value for all the stake holders of Aurum 
PropTech. Aurum PropTech is also implementing a governance risk and compliance, a 
GRC framework within the group and invitee companies. The board will monitor the GRC 
framework closely ensuring the best GRC practices. 
 
Now, I will hand over the call to Mr. Onkar Shetye – Executive Director of Aurum 
PropTech to elaborate more on Aurum PropTech journey until now. Thank you. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you Srirang. Welcome everyone and thank you for your continued interest and 
commitment to Aurum PropTech. The real estate industry has traditionally been 
conventional offline, opaque and largely fragmented with a multitude of stake holders. Our 
mission is to bring transparency, trust, increased efficiency and improved consumer 
experience with technology in real estate sector. This will unlock a wave of opportunities 
for all stake holders. We are developing an integrated PropTech Ecosystem for consumers 
and creators of real estate. The real estate value chain has various stages such as invest, 
develop, on the reach and creation part, research, purchase, move in on the consumption 
part, use rent on resale on the utilization part. We believe that the size of the price is large in 
tech lead integration of this fragmented value chain and a meaningful and massive business 
opportunity in bringing efficiency for creators and better experience of consumers of real 
estate.  
 
Mapping these stages, our vision of PropTech ecosystem has four segments; invest and 
finance, enterprise efficiency, customer experience and connected living. Each segment 
have products and services under it that address a specific problem statement in the real 
estate value chain. We have further categorized each of our tech driven by business 
opportunities in two segments: software as a service and SaaS and real estate as a service 
RaaS. In March 2021, we acquired 14% promoter’s stake and stepped into the shoes of 
controlling management of company post which we increased our share holding to 35.04% 
in June 2021 with an open offer. On 23 March, 2022, we successfully concluded our rights 
issue and thereby our shareholding increased to 50.04% substantiating our conviction in this 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
sector. We thank you all for showing interest in the Rights Issue which was over-subscribed 
with interest from varied investor base. The rights entitlements were actively traded 
reflecting the interest of investors in the Rights Issue. The allotment of equity share was 
completed on 19 May, 2022. The trading and listing approval was received on 23 May, 
2022. The trading of partly paid shares commenced on 25 May, 2022. With this, Aurum 
now has committed Rs.343.55 Crores to Aurum PropTech an increase from our 
commitment of Rs.80 Crores with substantiate commitment to PropTech. With this, 
aggregate amount of approximately Rs. 500 Crores plus of cash and cash equivalent which 
can be deployed towards the integrated PropTech ecosystem. Since May 2021, we have 
aggressively embarked on an inorganic strategies of acquiring robust products, experienced 
teams and matured businesses in PropTech. In a very short time, the Board of Directors has 
approved acquisition of six companies and we are integrating them into the company. Our 
acquisition started with Sell.Do, a real estate CRM with SaaS, annual revenue run rate of  
Rs. 13 Crores at the time of acquisition. With our understanding of the sector, we added a 
broker aggregation platform Beyond Walls which added RaaS revenue to the business and 
increasing it to an ERR of Rs. 27 Crores from SaaS and RaaS revenue. Beyond Walls is a 
discovery and transaction platform that matches channel partners, subscribe to the platform 
to real estate buyers enabling an informed purchase experience and augmenting the sale 
velocity for the seller. After addressing the buy-sell part of the value chain, we acquired the 
House Monk, a rental management SaaS software providing an end-to-end technology suite 
for the rental management industry. THM has SaaS annual revenue run rate of Rs.1 Crores 
and services clients in India and overseas. We are further gone on to add RaaS businesses in 
the co-living and PG markets by approving acquisitions of HelloWorld and Grexter. With 
these, we will cater to the consumer at the beginning of its lifetime in real estate 
consumption journey. We have also approved acquisitions of CareerSocially, a data 
analytics company and in past invested an Integrow asset management AMC. My colleague 
Hiren will throw more light on these in a few minutes. The acquisitions have been good 
accelerant in our quest to build the integrated PropTech Ecosystem and along with the 
technology products have given us good tech and operations teams across the spectrum. In a 
very short time, we have been able to ramp up our presence to 15 cities, 500 plus people 
team led by matured operating leaders from the PropTech industry. We have observed that 
many good tech businesses including PropTech have been struggling during COVID era 
and recently due to the tech meltdown. We feel we can continue to selectively acquire them 
to a conservative valuation as we have been able to do so far.  
 
I will now like to handover to my colleague, Hirenkumar Ladva – EVP Investments to 
elaborate on our recent acquisitions.  

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thank you Onkar. Welcome, good evening all and thank you for joining the call. As we 
have just announced Aurum PropTech has acquired 100% stake in two exciting PropTech 
companies, CareerSocially and HelloWorld.  
 
Let me first talk about CareerSocially which is a company under the name of Blink 
Advisory Services Private Limited and has been acquired for a consideration of US$3 
million. CareerSocially is a data analytics company, head quartered at Noida and started by 
three experienced data scientists who have extensively worked with data science-based 
companies prior to starting CareerSocially. The trio has built a robust data analytics practice 
with SaaS based products and services for the real estate sector. Their SaaS based product is 
called the CS Agent Connect. Through its subscription service, it provides various value-
added services to leading real estate developers apart from connecting them with the 
channel partner community aligned with the project profile. This helps the developers 
amplify and activate their distribution network especially when entering into new micro 
markets.  
 
With another product under its portfolio called Automateleads.ai CS uses the power of data 
to run a recommendation engine platform. With this service, they provide actionable 
insights to developers for monetizing their inventory.  
 
Another data science platform called automated valuation model is being developed using 
the power of machine learning and artificial intelligence to enable transparency in price 
discovery for property purchases.  
 
We already have a strong suite of offerings for the developers and channel partners 
community under Aurum PropTech in the form of just launched BeyondWalls and Sell.Do 
CRM from the K2V2 stable as well as CREX suite of products under the Aurum PropTech 
umbrella. The existing products from the CS stable and potential to build more along with 
the Aurum team and K2V2 capabilities will significantly enhance Aurum’s offerings to the 
developer and channel partner community across the country.  
 
Going ahead, the founder team and Aurum PropTech team are jointly committed on a 
business plan for the next three years under which we aim to expand the reach of their 
existing products, take them to newer markets, leveraging Aurum’s ecosystem and 
relationships with the property ecosystem and we also plan to bring more exciting data 
science products through collaboration between the incoming team and Aurum PropTech’s 
inhouse data science team.  
 
I will now brief you on the approval of the next acquisition which is HelloWorld 
Technologies India Limited. HelloWorld features among the largest co-living companies in 
India and has been acquired for a consideration of Rs.38 Crores for 100% stake as already 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
mentioned. HelloWorld is a subsidiary of Nestaway Technologies which was backed by 
marquee investors including Goldman Sachs, Tiger Global and Chiratae Ventures. 
HelloWorld is present in 16 cities across the country within India. They focus on the student 
housing and co-living needs which typically serve the urban demography between the age 
of 16 years to 30 years representing millennial and generation Z. HelloWorld differentiates 
itself through an agile tech stack to reach out to the target audience and manage the 
onboarded tenants. It has got a right product market fit aligned with its property sourcing 
strategy and streamlined and lean operations to deliver its services. The founders have spent 
extensive years in catering to the rental market and have tremendous insights into the social 
behavior and consumption patterns of the target segment. HelloWorld’s B2C play 
strengthens Aurum PropTech’s ecosystem play and as already remarked by Onkar, it plays 
a crucial role in serving a demographic that is just beginning the real estate consumption 
journey in the form of student living or as a tenant in a metro.  
 
With that, I would like to handover to Kunal Karan, the CFO of Aurum PropTech to give us 
an update on financial performance of the company and the rights issue. 
Kunal Karan: 
Thank you Hiren. Good evening, all. The Board of Directors has approved the audited 
results for the quarter for the year ended 31 March, 2022 last week. Post the change in 
control the company after a gap of three quarters has started generating revenues from Q3 
of the financial year ended 31 March, 2022. During the year ended 31 March, 2022, the 
company has approved and announced investments in five entities out of which we have 
made the investments in three entities before the end of the financial year. In terms of 
quarterly performance, the revenue from the operations stood at Rs. 8.2 Crores and total 
income Rs. 9.5 Crores. In terms of the full year, we reported revenues of Rs. 15.8 Crores in 
FY2022. The revenue was driven by the start of operations in the CREX business under 
Aurum PropTech and also from the operations of the newly acquired subsidiary K2V2 
which we consolidated for two quarters. Loss during the year was Rs. 13.3 Crores. The 
cash-and-cash equivalent including current investments as on 31 March, 2022 was Rs. 
102.5 Crores.  
 
I would like to take the opportunity to thank the investors who are participating in the rights 
issue of Aurum PropTech. Amid challenging market times, the company’s right issue was 
subscribed 1.05 times. The size of the issue was Rs. 343.55 Crores. The promoter 
shareholding post the right issue was increased from 35.04% to 50.34%. Post the right issue 
process and monetisation of our real estate assets, our available funds will be in the range of 
Rs. 520 Crores which will further strengthen and provide financial flexibility to the 
company to capture future growth in line with its strategic plans.  
 
With this, I will now handover the floor to the operator for question and answer. Thank you 
very much and appreciate your continued interest in Aurum PropTech Limited.  

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from HG Hawa & Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
With this current acquisition your entire ecosystem or the entire change of companies that 
you want looks to be complete, so is it possible for your to give revenue guidance for the 
coming FY2023 and how do you plan to monetize it, will you be approaching the real estate 
developers first and get business from them or it will be other way around that you will 
create awareness over the social media and try to get customers and help them in probably 
finding co-living or helping them get home loan, how will it actually work and do we have 
any kind of live customers at this point of time and what is our month-on-month growth in 
number of customers? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Mr. Hawa thank you so much for your question. We would like to break the response into 
three parts. One, with respect to acquisitions and how it will fit in our ecosystem. We 
started the acquisition with the buy-sell journey where we acquired Sell.Do which was the 
CRM piece providing its SaaS products to developers. We introduced Beyond Walls which 
is a transaction platform run in coordination with the CRM which helps the buyers which is 
B2C to take informed decisions for their real estate purchase and at the same time providing 
a service to developer in terms of monetizing their inventory with a higher velocity because 
of the subscribed distribution network of channel partners onto the platform. Once we have 
concluded the buy-sell journey, we went on to acquire the rental management piece starting 
with a House Monk and in co-living. Our acquisitions coming to the second part with 
respect to revenue, our acquisitions and the products available now have a mix of SaaS and 
RaaS products. The SaaS products are typically B2B oriented providing enterprise solutions 
to real estate developers and our RaaS products are B2C oriented providing customer 
experience to purchaser and renters of the property. So, I will not be able to make any 
forward-looking statement for the next year with the acquisitions and at the time of 
acquisition, we have a visibility of up to Rs. 95 Crores of annual revenue run rate from the 
five acquired companies as of April 2022.  
Faisal Hawa: 
What is the figure, I missed the figure? 
Onkar Shetye:  
Annual revenue run rate of Rs. 95 Crores as of monthly numbers of April 2022. 
Faisal Hawa: 
95 did you say Sir? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Rs. 95 Crores.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay, so I see that as globally new team actually attending the con call today and may I 
request that, I joined the call around 3 minutes to 4 minutes late, so may I request that if you 
could introduce the team and probably also tell that what was the previous assignment and 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
what is the kind of achievements that the team did at that point of time with their previous 
assignments? 
Onkar Shetye:  
Sure, so the team is not completely new. From the time we started attending these calls, we 
have been attending it along with Mr. Srirang Athalye – Group President at Aurum 
Ventures and Board member on Aurum PropTech. I have been also present on the calls 
myself Mr. Onkar Shetye – Executive Director of Aurum PropTech and I also have my 
colleagues Mr. Hirenkumar Ladva – EVP – Investment, who have joined the team new and 
is looking at investments into products and companies and also integrating these companies 
into the ecosystem and Mr. Kunal Karan, who is a Chief Financial Officer, who has also 
been a part of the calls earlier. In addition to this team with respect to the overall team that 
we have now, there is a good operational bandwidth at every product level including the 
investee companies who are running these products like independent PMLs. I hope I have 
been able to answer your questions.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Only team which is in my mind is that have you acquired the just like acquiring a set of 10 
players -11 players in the IPL, so how will be the acquiring from all these players getting 
together and score the runs or how will the revenue come or what will trigger for the 
revenue to come to Aurum PropTech that is the question, I am not able to really have a clear 
answer on and secondly why are we not hiring more people from the ecosystem which has 
created the larger companies and handled larger operations that are similar? 
Hiren Ladva: 
This is Hiren here; I will try to answer couple of questions. One is your initial question  was 
on the trigger for the revenue. So as a process, we are still in the process of acquiring and 
consolidating the companies that we have invested in. Plus there is a pipeline of 
investments that we are continuously engaged on and at the right juncture when those 
discussions mature, we will definitely announce. And as a thumb rule, it takes three months 
to five months for any acquisition to hit the revenues, until the transaction fructifies 
completely in the form of our board presence into these companies. So, I hope that answers 
the first question in terms of what is the trigger for revenue, so all these companies would 
have their individual timelines and at least the announcement that we have made we will 
have their revenues at the consolidated basis hitting our revenues in the course of this year 
itself.  
 
Secondly, your question about the hiring team, Let me rephrase your question just to 
understand it correctly. You are referring to the operating team into this ventures that we 
have and then you are seeking clarity on the recruitment of those operating teams, is that 
correct? 
Faisal Hawa: 
No, I meant like somebody who is like captain or coach of all these companies that you 
have acquired how to get these people to the work together, have revenues together and 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
which would finally lead to revenues and profit for Aurum, so finally is the shareholder 
concerned about Aurum more than all these satellite companies? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Okay, fair, enough, so in fact me and I will be developing a team within the Aurum 
PropTech itself, I would be responsible for that which is to one), track the business plans 
and AOPs of each of these companies, that Onkar has already mentioned, Onkar had also 
mentioned the second piece of the key focus area for myself. It would be to integrate these 
into the ecosystem play. As per our investment philosophy itself, we have identified the 
four specific areas or the segments as  Onkar has called out and we would be focusing on 
this segment as our potential targets of acquisitions as well as potential product 
development that we would be undertaking in house. When we do this, we have an overall 
ecosystem play in our mind which is catering to both B2C players which could be four 
different types of personas that we have identified in the form of an owner, seller, tenant or 
there could be somebody who is just playing a channel partner play there which is the 
second part and third is the developer community. Broadly these four. Then, there are allied 
service players also there, so catering to this different types of personas or the customer 
segment, we have different products and propositions that we are working on either 
internally or counting for potential targets. The second role, the focus area that is for me, is 
to ensure that both the inhouse products as well as the acquired companies gel together into 
this ecosystem play that we have in mind, which starts with first ensuring that the we make 
the right investments, second once the investments are made the business plans are aligned, 
the AOPs are aligned and third continuously we have a forum called Entrepreneurs Forum 
wherein we have these investee companies coming together on a quarterly basis where we 
thrash out ideas, new areas of collaboration and growth opportunities and we take them up 
as projects to implement them more on the collaboration front amongst the ecosystem. So 
these are the few levers that we have and in very early days, identified as the way to 
establish the ecosystem play that we have. But going forward, yes, we will continue to 
improvise and build further. We also have a Governance Risk and Compliance framework 
which would also have some of the metrics and we will start sharing those metrics in the 
future calls as well. And one of the metrics within that is to actually foster collaboration not 
just internally but across the ecosystem play. So yes, we have those plans, we have those 
ideas in mind which would help address some of the questions that you asked.  
Srirang Athalye: 
I am Srirang here, your question was also that why are we not recruiting people from the 
ecosystem to run the company or to sharpen the focus of the company, the thing is that 
companies which we are acquiring are already led by the subject matter experts who have 
already proved themselves and as we go on acquiring these companies, they become part of 
our team. For example, we have given press releases where Mr. Prakash from 
CareerSocially is now part of our team then Jeetu from HelloWorld is part of our team, so 
these are actually in this small span of PropTech industry these are veterans who have 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
already made their mark on the industry and now they are part of our team and to coordinate 
on the efforts, Hiren has joined our team now and Hiren also have a substantial experience 
in building organizations, creating network, logistic network and coordinating multiple 
activities, so Hiren will be the key person who will coordinate it at Aurum PropTech level 
and with each acquisition we are adding a subject matter expert and what Hiren was 
referring to as entrepreneur’s forum, so all the founders of these companies we meet quite 
regularly to exchange ideas, to bring improvement into each other operation and to build 
synergies, so everybody is very much hands on and collaborating with each other, so we 
have abundant talent pool now with ourselves and as I think it was not pointed out but when 
we started these operations, we were only five people in Aurum PropTech, now as on 31 
March, there are already 400 people who are working and if we possibly take next month 
end we will have 600 people who are dedicatedly working towards all these objects and 
products, so we have undertaken a recruitment in an innovative way because then the 
promoters of the investee company joined our management and they are the best suited 
people to run this further. I hope that answers your question.  
Faisal Hawa: 
I have much better understand and thank you for answering so patiently and so well. Thank 
you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
I joined late. One question I have  the property with Majesco can you throw some light on 
that? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Can we phrase this as the properties with Majesco Limited, was that the question? 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes, the assets that we acquired from Majesco, can you throw some light on its valuation? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Sure, we will give you a brief on what we inherited when we acquired Majesco Limited. 
There were two buildings there, one building was in a completed state which was utilized 
by the existing erstwhile Majesco’s team which had been vacated and we acquired it and the 
other building was under construction, both buildings put together had a combined square 
feet of around 1,60,000 square feet. What we have done is on the first building, we have 
gone on to lease these buildings to two marquee tenants in the financial sector, one being 
HDB financial services and the other being Vo Financial and then balance space is also to 
be leased out, post leasing out the building in its entirety we will work out a path to 
monetization which is basically liquidating that asset. The other building is under 
construction which was close to 40,000 odd square feet. We have completed construction of 
that building, got all the required approvals in terms of completion certificates and will be 
following a similar path as we did with Q5 in terms of path to monetization.  

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay, is it possible to give some numbers about the valuation of that part currently? 
Onkar Shetye: 
It will be difficult to ascertain a value or give a forward-looking statement, but we expect 
the market to be anywhere in the range of Rs. 100 Crores to Rs. 120 Crores for these two 
buildings.  
Amit Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anoop Nambiath from Equity Intelligence. 
Please go ahead. 
Anoop Nambiath: 
Thanks for taking my question. In opening remarks, the CFO has told that there is Rs. 520 
Crores capital for growth investment, so this is basically including the Rs. 233 Crores that 
you have already invested, right? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Mr. Anoop, the combined cash-in-cash equivalent that we have this Rs. 500+ Crores which 
includes the rights issue of Rs. 343 Crores and the cash equivalent which is real estate 
assets that we have and also the cash reserve available with the company.  
Anoop Nambiath: 
Okay and one more thing when we speak this four segments, can you just name them once 
again, the segments that I got with the RaaS, SaaS and capital as a service, so what was the 
fourth one? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So, there are four segments invest and finance which typically take care of the wholesale 
and retail investments for developing and possessing real estate assets. The second segment 
deals with enterprise efficiency which deals with bringing an efficiency in the business of 
developing and setting and monetizing real estate. The third segment is consumer 
experience which deals with purchase and renting of real estate, consumption of real estate 
essentially and the fourth segment is connected living which deals with utilization and 
enhancing the experience of utilization of real estate assets including renting and resale and 
monetizing.  
Anoop Nambiath: 
Okay, so basically Sir, these segments comes under the reported segments of RaaS and 
SaaS? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So, these are the four segments where we have identified product opportunities and further 
the business is driven into two metrics which is software as a service revenue and real estate 
as a service revenue and business.  
Anoop Nambiath: 
Okay, so final question you gave a Rs. 95 Crores run rate annual revenue, so of which how 
much would be the acquired companies and how much would be the inhouse, I know that 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
we are developing something inhouse also, do we expect any revenue to come from, what 
would be the revenue coming from the inhouse? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Sure, our inhouse products have just been rolled out and we have witnessed an Rs. 8 Crores 
to Rs. 10 Crores revenue run rate here. A product called CREX, which is customer real 
estate experts, it is a RaaS form of revenue and the balance of the ARR that we have 
identified at the time of acquisition is from investee companies.  
Anoop Nambiath: 
Okay, so if I understand that there is only one company that has started revenue 
contribution, right? 
Onkar Shetye: 
I will explain this a little bit further. Once acquired we take close to a 3 months to 4 months 
to complete the acquisition and take control of the company post which the revenues are 
consolidated at Aurum PropTech. So we have completed acquisition and control of two 
companies K2V2 Technologies which has got Sell.Do and Beyond Walls as a product and 
the Monk Tech Reality which has got the House Monk as a product and further balance 
identified and approved acquisitions are under the process of consolidation as we speak. 
Anoop Nambiath: 
Okay, so from Grexter, HelloWorld and CareerSocially, we have not booked any revenues 
so far? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Not as of now, they are in the process of completion of control and consolidation. 
Anoop Nambiath: 
Just exploring further, so on the current Rs. 95 Crores run rate we have not included any 
revenue from this Grexter, HelloWorld or CareerSocially, am I right? 
Onkar Shetye: 
You are correct. This is not consolidated at Aurum PropTech as of now. 
Anoop Nambiath: 
As of now, what is the revenue these three entities are doing right now, any like before 
consolidation and as we acquire? 
Kunal Karan: 
This is Kunal, I will just try to answer it in a different way. This Rs. 95 Crores that Onkar 
gave is based on the April 2022 numbers and these include all the acquisitions that we have 
made and the acquisitions that are in pipeline, so they are not absolute revenue number but 
the revenue numbers that we know that we can draw after these acquisitions are complete 
and this is the revenue based on April 2022 run rate of this individual entities. So, it 
includes HelloWorld and Grexter revenues.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Over to you. 

  
                                                     Aurum PropTech Limited 
May 30, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Onkar Shetye: 
We thank all the existing participants on the call for showing us your continued interest in 
the company. We intend to build this further aggressively and sustainably over the next few 
quarters and we will be in touch and keep communicating our progress. Thank you so 
much.  
Srirang Athalye:  
We also thank all the investors who subscribed to the right issue because of which the right 
issue was over subscribed. So, thank you all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude today’s conference. We thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
