  
June 6, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: LEMONTREE 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Ref: Transcript w.r.t Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors 
Dear Sir 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
& 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to the disclosure made on May 30, 2022 wr.t. the 
audio recordings of the conference call on Audited financial results for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2022 held on Monday, May 30, 2022, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the conference call with investors/analysts. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
For 
jotels Limited 
    
  
AVP Legal & Gn up. Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
(CIN No. L74899DL1992PLC049022) 
Registered Office: Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District, New Delhi-110037 
T 491 11 4605 0101 
| F +91 11 46050110 
| E hi@lemontreehotels.com 
Central Reservation: +91 9911 701 701 
| www.lemontreehotels.com

lemo eee 
HOTELS 
Lemon Tree Hotel Limited 
Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 30, 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Anoop Poojari: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Lemon Tree Hotel's Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ™' and then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, thank you for joining us on Lemon Tree 
Hotels Q4 & FY22 earnings conference call. We have with us today, Mr. Patanjali 
Keswani, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. 
Kapil Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer; 
Mr. 
Vikramjit Singh, 
President; 
and 
Mr. 
Inder 
Pal 
Batra, 
Senior Vice 
President of the company. We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks 
from the management, following, which we have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session. 
Before we start, 
| would like to point out that some statements made in today's fall 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
| would now request Mr. Keswani, to make his opening remarks. 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. 
| will be covering 
the quarterly business highlights and performance for the year ending 31st, March 
2022, after which we'll open the forum for questions and suggestions. Our investor 
presentation is already uploaded on the exchanges for your reference. 
Slide 3 
We are happy to announce that Lemon Tree has been included in the MSCI India's 
small caps index effective 1st June 2022. This will hopefully lead to new investments 
and may also enhance volumes and liquidity. 
Slide 5 
In the past two years, the company had a sequential focus on cost optimization and 
on ARR recovery, on like-to-like basis EBITDA margin percentage is expanded by 
approximately 1200 bps, which 
is 44.9% 
in Q3 FY22 versus 32.4% 
in Q1 FY20. 
lemoree 
HOTELS 
Page 
1 of 14

Going forward 
in FY23 net EBITDA margins will stabilize on an ongoing basis at 
greater than 50%. 
Slide 6 
On this slide you can see that the company’s gross ARR in Q4 FY22 was 90% of Q4 
FY20 and during FY22 Lemon Tree's ARR versus the all India ARR has improved 
from 62% in April 2022 to 77% in March 2022. During FY22, the company showed 
resilience after the third wave of COVID, the occupancy recovered in less than six 
weeks from 34% in Jan-22 to 60% in Mar-22; whereas after the second wave in Q1 
FY22 recovery took less than six months. This recovery has translated into improved 
operational efficiency for the company where growth and revenues has outpaced the 
expenses. 
Slide 13 
Now, speaking of the Q4 operational metrics from Slide 13 onwards, managed 
inventory increased by 6% to about 3,300 rooms and total inventory by 2% to 8,490 
rooms. This 
is on 
a year-on-year basis occupancy percentage on full inventory 
decreased 967 bps from 56% to 46% on a year-on-year basis and by 1146 bps from 
58% to 46% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Average room rates went up by 54% from 
Rs. 2654 to Rs. 4,093 on a year-on-year basis and by 5% from Rs. 3901 to Rs. 4,093 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Revenue from operations increased 26% from Rs. 
95.1 crore to Rs. 119.5 crore on a year on year and decreased 17% from Rs.143.7 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
EBITDA increased by 46% from Rs. 30.4 crore to Rs. 44.5 crore year on year and 
decreased by 32% from Rs. 65.6 crore on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA 
margins increased by 360 bps from 31.4% to 35% on year on year and decreased 
by 998 bps from 45% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our key priority continues to be 
towards strengthening our financial position. In FY22 our cash loss reduced to Rs. 
17.8 crore from Rs. 20.8 crore in FY21. 
Gross debt stood at Rs. 1699 crore and after adjusting for Rs. 60 crore of cash, our 
net debt is Rs. 1638 crore. We've also lowered our average cost of borrowings by 28 
bps from 8.28% to 8.00% during the year. 
Slide 22. 
Moving on to expansion plans, over the last five years, we've signed approximately 
3000 rooms and 
opened 2,856 rooms. As 
of 31st March 2022, we have 
20 
management contracts in the pipeline that is 1,441 rooms and the opening dates of 
these 20 hotels can be seen in the next slide. When 
| refer to pipeline, I'm referring 
to definite hotel openings. Further in Q4 FY22, we have signed term sheets for 
another eight hotels that is 777 rooms, and are currently in active discussions for 
another 81 hotels totaling 5,947 rooms. 
Our operational inventory as of 31st March 2022 comprised of 87 hotels and 8,489 
rooms, out of this 4,517 are owned hotels, 675 are leased hotels and 3,297 are 
management contracts. When the current pipeline becomes operational by FY25, 
Lemon Tree 
will operate approximately 10,700 rooms 
in 
109 hotels across 65 
destinations. 
lemo 
oe 
HOTELS 
Page 
2 of 14

Moderator: 
Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
   
From 
a demand perspective, we are seeing an uptick 
in consumer sentiments, 
leisure travel continues to maintain 
its momentum. We're also noting improved 
traction in corporate travel with a reopening of offices, resumption of international 
flights and a pickup in in-person events and conferences. We are reasonably sure 
that resumption will reach pre COVID levels by H1 of this year. Overall, we are very 
optimistic about growth 
in FY23. On that note, 
| come to the end of our opening 
remarks. 
And 
| would now like to ask the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Our first question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon, everyone. Sir, my first question is on the revenues, in terms of the 
April and May numbers. 
If you could give us some idea compared to pre COVID 
levels, how these are trending? Have we recovered, or have we crossed pre COVID 
levels? And for this year, assuming all things remain good, what sort of revenue 
growth can we look at, on a like to like basis and on a combined basis along with the 
new hotel openings versus pre COVID levels? That is the first question. 
See, 
| don't want to give specific numbers, let me put it this way that in this financial 
year FY23, we will at least grow 100% in revenue versus FY22, and we will have a 
minimum net EBITDA margin of 50%. 
Sir, are you seeing these already in the April and May numbers, any sort of trends 
being there or is it still some time to go, till we fully get there? 
No, we are already there, actually from the last week of Mar-22, you see the key was 
corporate traction. So, while it is catching up, you have to keep in mind that unlike, 
the other listed players, we have massive inventory. We have 86% of our inventory 
is business hotels ie. of the owned inventory and only 14% is leisure. That's the first 
point. 
So, when leisure picks up and business does not pick up, then we are 
at 
a 
disadvantage. Now, when you reverse that, conversely, when business picks up, 
then we are at an advantage. So, what we found, if you look at Gurgaon, Hyderabad 
and Bangalore, 40% of our owned inventory is just from these three cities and our 
hotels are all located in large business concentrated areas. 
Now these were IT businesses. So, these were completely affected for both January 
and February in the quarter that went by. All of them opened the offices in late March. 
Now we found that for this quarter Q1 FY23, Bangalore is doing what used to do 
30%- 40%, is doing 80%. The ARR has doubled in Bangalore. 
Similarly, Hyderabad has underperformed, relatively underperforming market is now 
at 80%. So, 
it has been reversed, like leisure benefited other chains, the business 
side is benefiting us and you will see 
it actually after our Q1 FY22 results, you will 
see what I'm saying. 
And the result of this is since our costs are more or less now constant, in Q4 FY22, 
we reached full cost levels. So, what you see in Q4 FY22, which is Rs. 90-95 lakh a 
day expense is on hundred percent inventory, and at assumed full occupancy level. 
So, we did not do significant cost cuts of any transient nature 
in Q4 FY22. We 
instead, spent money renovating many of our hotels. We spent a few crores in that. 
lemon 
oe 
HOTELS 
Page 
3 of 14

Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Baidik Sarkar: 
  
And | think you will see that we will reap those benefits from Q1 FY23 this year. So 
massive increase 
in ARR, massive increase 
in occupancy, 
in specific markets, 
overall increase in occupancy for the company, with complete confidence that we 
will do at least 100% growth in revenue this year versus Rs. 402 crore we did last 
year and over 50% net EBITDA. 
Okay. So that's helpful. And just secondly, as you've alluded earlier in your remarks 
that you want to bring the debt down significantly to the next three to four years, so 
could you give us some roadmap on how we intend to get there? What are the plans 
to de-leverage to organic and inorganic means? 
So let me not talk inorganic because what will happen most likely is, 
if you will see 
our performance say for Bombay in this quarter and in the next few quarters, you will 
see something which 
| have been saying for a number of times, that Bombay is one 
of the best markets in India. 
So, our expectation is that once we open Bombay, which is end of next year and 
| 
am making a forward-looking statement here, will contribute a minimum of Rs. 150 
Cr to Rs. 200 Cr of EBITDA. We will probably be in a position to raise capital in our 
joint venture with APG, which is Fleur hotels at a good premium. So, that will be one 
opportunity for us to get a third party, and which will typically be a sovereign or a 
pension fund into the joint venture where 80% or 75% of our debt resides. And we 
would, if that happens, be able to write off the debt immediately. 
However, we do not assume that, so we are looking at our internal cash flows and 
debt is about as 
| just said, a little under Rs. 1700 crore, our total requirement to 
open Bombay and Shimla is another Rs. 600 odd crore because we have already 
invested about Rs. 450 crore. So, the total requirement of cash is supposed to be 
debt free. 
| have said earlier that we are not going to increase our gross debt and we 
are going to fund Bombay and Shimla through internal cash accruals. 
Our estimate is for this Rs. 2,250 odd crore that we require somewhere between 
four, four and a half years is when we will have paid this off with our cash flows. So, 
if you do some simple math, I've already given you some kind of informal guidance 
and to add on what we think will happen in the next two years. As I've said, there is 
not significant supply coming in, and 
| don't see any major obstacles. I'm assuming 
monkey pox does not become the next pandemic. Then we will definitely generate 
about north of Rs. 2000 crore of cash in the next four and a half years. 
Some people have asked me why I'm not raising, you know, once our performance 
improves, why | shouldn't raise equity. But for me, raising equity to play debt down, 
while 
it of course reduces risk, is really replacing as I'm getting a return of 8% in 
equity. Because, I'm replacing debt, which is at 8% cost, with equity. So, 
| think we 
are now finally in a position where we don't have to worry about it. And really most 
of our debt is in a joint venture where the partner has always been ready to invest 
more capital you know, when we have had a requirement. So, in that sense, we have 
tried to risk mitigate. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
So, 
| was saying a key assumption in imagining this year's revenues of Rs. 800 crore 
plus is that we will hold current ARRs. And in fact, you've indicated publicly a while 
back that by the end 
of this calendar year, 2022 you actually expect ARRs to 
significantly accelerate. Could you perhaps flesh out the lead indicator, just seeing 
lemon ee 
HOTELS 
Page 
4 of 14

Patanjali Keswani: 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Sumant Kumar: 
  
at your end, that gives you credit to this assumption? And secondly, a timeline update 
in Aurika, Mumbai, 
| reckon we have about 18 months to pre-open. So how are we 
doing on timelines here? Thank you very much. 
So, our ARR is already Rs. 5,000, Yes, in April, it was a little lower because, the first 
week of April, it was a 
little slow. But our ARR is therefore up 20% and our occupancy 
is also up enormously from Q4, in fact, also up from Q3. So, for you to understand 
how revenue works, typically, Q1 and Q2 are the slowest quarters of the year and if 
you look at historically say last 10-20 years, typically H2 is 1.2 times to 1.4 times the 
revenue of H1. 
Costs do not change. In fact, sometimes costs come down because the energy cost 
of summer is higher than winter. So, if you do some simple math, Rs. 100 in Q1, then 
a very simple number is Rs. 100 in Q1 should be at least Rs. 100 in Q2 should be at 
least, Rs. 120 in Q3 and Q4. So, your revenue should be typically Rs. 240 in that 
example, with Rs. 440 with Rs. 200 coming in summer and Rs. 240 in winter. 
However, in good years, it's not Rs. 240, 
it is Rs. 260 to Rs. 280. So, depending on 
how the market trends in the worst case, your winter revenue is 1.2 times of summer. 
And in the best case, 
it could be as, as 1.5 times. 
| mean, there have been years 
when the winter revenue has been 60% of the full year revenue. So, you can 
therefore do the math. 
| don't want to give guidance in that sense. I'm giving you a 
perspective. 
Number two, the point 
| have made is that our costs are fixed now, have stabilized 
at Rs. 95 lakh per day. This is our full operational expense. If | add on a renovation 
expense, 
it is Rs. 5 lakh a day, to Rs. 7 lakh a day. So that comes to Rs. 
1 crore and 
corporate expenses would be another Rs. 12 lakh a day. So, about Rs. 1.1 crore to 
Rs. 1.15 crore is our fixed expense. Fixed means 
it is fixed and variable, variable 
based on up to 75% occupancy. So that is the cost economics. This will lead to a 
margin expansion of 12 percentage points on a revenue basis in our company from 
this year onwards, as you will see. 
Now, the assumption 
| have made is, 
| have given you a number for revenue, which 
is based on conservative assumptions. What we could do, 
| don't want to, you know, 
make statements on what 
| have said is what we are a 100% percent sure of, which 
is we will do 100% more revenue minimum compared to FY22. As far as MIAL goes, 
we have accelerated the development of MIAL. And as 
| said, 
if there are no 
unforeseen shocks in between, we should open it by the end of next year. In fact, we 
will soft open maybe 300 - 500 rooms by October. 
If 
| just squeeze in one last question here. On the margin front, obviously there's 
been unprecedented inflation in the fuel basket and, in the fuel cost of what they are. 
So, you know, just to cross check, our assumption of 50% in EBITDA is discounting 
the price figures we have to tackle all of this, right? 
I'm talking current price levels, which means post inflation. 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Hi, sir. One, regarding the occupancy rate, 
| have seen a couple of hotels, the 
listed player has shown an improvement in occupancy as well as in ARR, but our 
occupancy YoY has declined, but yes, the ARR improvement was higher than other 
lemon 
oe 
HOTELS 
Page 5 of 14

Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
  
players. So, considering the same dynamics and the nature of the business, is there 
any other factor relating to high occupancy in Q4 FY22 for other players, regarding 
some bulk order or group booking? So, compared to other players, our occupancy is 
down YoY? 
As 
| explained to you, 
| don't want to 
talk about competitors and so on. Let's talk 
about the other players in general, have a very large, more than 2 times, in some 
cases, 4 times, inventory percentage, 
in leisure destinations and 
in Bombay. So, 
these were the two best performing markets. 
As 
| mentioned to you, the Bangalore, Hyderabad, Gurgaon markets where we have 
40% of our inventory, 
| don't know about the others, but we have disproportionately 
large inventory, where we were underperformers in January and February, because 
as you may imagine large corporates and specifically large 
IT companies when 
Omicron hit, they did not open their offices, travel did not occur. And as of proxy, you 
can perhaps look at how airline travel changed into Bangalore, Hyderabad, or out of 
Bangalore, Hyderabad, well Gurgaon you wouldn't know it's out of Delhi, and it would 
be a clear indicator. So, it's really a mix. 
You see, 
if you have five hotels and 
| have five hotels, and two of my five are in 
places where, the market has absolutely not picked up. Then obviously 
| will not 
match the same occupancy you do across five. Conversely, when those two markets 
pick up, then 
| will get disproportionate benefit. So, the point 
| have made is that from 
Q1, that benefit will play out. 
Okay. So, there might be in Q4 FY22, the occupancy was in 50 plus, is all because 
of maybe, staycations, and that segment, we have a higher chunk of market share 
compared to another player. And now the overall that segment has gone down. Yes, 
we know Q1 is going to be a great, but there might be a reason for a lower occupancy 
in this quarter compared to previous quarter, previous year same quarter? 
No, no, this year 
| have said the occupancy will also be much higher than previous 
year. 
Okay. No, I'm talking about the YoY Q4 FY22 compared to Q4 21? 
It'll be, see Q4 21 had no disruption. You've got to keep in mind, that Q4 this year 
had one and a half months of complete Omicron wave. You're comparing 
it to Q1, 
the Delta variant, 
if you remember, 
it only started towards end of March and 
it was 
predominantly 
in April and May. So that disruption generally brought down the 
weighted average of occupancy across the board. 
| think there's a slide can you see, 
so Q4 FY21 
did not have any disruption, which 
is why, 
if you see Q4 FY21, 
its 
occupancy was marginally under Q3 FY22, where again these were all post wave. 
Okay. Got it, sir. Because of the higher leisure demand might be other player has 
got benefited, we have more business hotels. That was the key reason for that? 
Yes because when 
| see leisure, at least 
| know that, 
| think Taj and Oberoi have 
doubled, in their portfolio they have about 30% leisure. We had 14%. 
Okay. And now talking about the current demand scenario, can you talk about the 
corporate demand and the foreign customer mix, how things are pan out currently? 
lemontce 
HOTELS 
Page 6 of 14

Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Hitesh Arora: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Hitesh Arora: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
Yes. So, since we have focused on increasing our prices. So, you know, as | said, 
our ARR is now 20% over the ARR of in fact, more than 20% over the ARR of Q4 
FY22. 
So, that means that certain types of customers have stopped 
using 
us 
because of price. So, we have looked at actually substitution and that substitution 
has come more from corporates. Therefore, if 
| gave you a broad example since, not 
many meetings and incentives have happened normally in these hot months, 45% 
of our business today would be retail, 45% would be corporate and 10% would be 
others. But of course, this does not include foreigners, though foreigners actually 
have started using our hotels now, this should typically be more than 10%, 
it should 
be 15%, but at present, it is 45%,45% and 10%. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the line of Hitesh Arora from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes. Also, could you just give a guidance, some indication maybe on guidance on 
the tax, given that you have a 
lot of subsidiaries. So, it's a little difficult to sort of 
project, if you could just give some sense on the tax, 
it would go for FY23? 
So, you know, we are lazy creature. So, when we do our P&L, what we look at is 
really simple math, and we just assume 22.5% tax because that is the maximum tax 
you can pay. But, one of the reasons where we haven't spent, 
| mean, we have 
accounted for a Rs. 15 core opex is on stamp duty in the last quarter. The reason for 
this is we have merged the Lemon Tree Premier in Bombay, the Lemon Tree Hotel 
in Gachibowli and Lemon Tree Beach Resort in Goa, which together account for 
about over 550 rooms into Fleur in order to get tax benefits. So, this Rs. 15 crore that 
you see as stamp duty in the last one quarter is we expect to recover within four, four 
and a half years, 
| think, in tax savings. Okay. Now Kapil, would you like to answer 
this breakdown of how tax operates or Inder, one of you? 
Yes. Okay. So, as you rightly mentioned, there would be certain subsidiaries, where 
the tax would be coming, but other like the holding company, Lemon Tree Hotels 
Limited and Fleur Hotels would have some advantage, in terms of the adjustment of 
certain previous carry forward losses. So, the liability of the holding company would 
be lower, but in certain SPVs where we are having profitable single hotel there, we 
would have to pay some tax, but looking at some sort of planning further, going 
forward so that we can have a lower liability on this front. But this is for the future, 
through mergers, and other transfer expenses, rearrangements. 
Just to get a sense so, these three, which were merged, potentially they were 
profitable you know, tax positive? 
All three of them, Bombay 
is going to be super profitable. 
| mean, enormously 
profitable, Gachibowli has become super profitable now and Goa has always been 
very profitable. So, 
if you take these three, 
it will hopefully help offset against other 
losses. See, the critical thing, is that we have over a Rs. 100 crore of depreciation 
every year, 
so sometimes 
it makes sense 
also from 
a new 
hotel perspective, 
because historically we've had many subsidiaries, which we are gradually now trying 
to clean up from a tax perspective. So, on an aggregate basis, what would our tax 
be, Kapil? Instead of 22.5%, 
if you have a best guess, 
it'll be closer to 12-14%, 
because of the offset. 
Correct. Yes. At the max, we can take 15%. 
So, you want to play safe for modeling. You can assume, tax on a consolidated basis 
at 15% of PBT. 
lemon 
oe 
HOTELS 
Page 
7 of 14

Moderator: 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kalpit Narvekar from Allianz Global 
Investors. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question was on the micro markets, could 
you share some color. 
| can see your number for fourth quarter, but, maybe on the 
exit run rate or say April, or say April month, could you share some color on how the 
occupancies and ARRs are trending for the markets in let's say NCR, Bangalore and 
Mumbai? 
So, Bombay, we are trending because it's the IPL two months. So, 
it's obviously 
fantastic. Bombay is at a little under 8,000 and at about 80 plus percent occupancy. 
Now, Delhi NCR comprises of three distinct areas, which is the two hotels near the 
airport, which is 500 rooms that does 75% to 80%, Red Fox does over 4,000 now. 
And Delhi airport will be doing a 
little under 6,000. Occupancies would be about 80%. 
Then you get to East Delhi where we have a small inventory of 150 rooms. We have 
a Red Fox 
of 100 rooms and 
a small banquet hotel 
of 50 rooms, there the 
occupancies would be about 65%. And the ARR would be, well, 
| would say 4,000 
for the Lemon Tree and 3000 for the Red Fox. Gurgaon we have over 500 rooms. 
Within Gurgaon, there are three markets. So, we have one in Udyog, which is a small 
hotel. Then we have over 200 rooms in Sector 29, where we are doing about INR 
6,000 ARR, and about 60%, 65% currently. Then we have in Sector 60, 250 rooms, 
150 is Red Fox where we are doing about INR 3000 and 100 rooms is Lemon Tree 
which is, 
| think at Rs. 4,500. And those are also during 60%, 65% occupancy. Then 
you get to Hyderabad, Hyderabad we are north of 75%, probably north of 80%. So 
now the ARRs for the Lemon Tree Premier is at about Rs. 6,000. Gachibowli would 
be at about INR 5,000. Banjara Hills would be also over Rs. 5,000, maybe Rs. 6000 
and Red Fox is at a little under Rs. 5,000. Then Bangalore, the Lemon Tree Premier 
that is a 200 room hotel, which is in the city center would be at about 75%-80% at 
about Rs. 6,000. Electronic city, the Lemon Tree would be at about 80% at about 
Rs. 5,000, Whitefield 130 room hotel, there would be at maybe 90% at Rs. 5,000. 
The two Keys hotels are also doing phenomenally well, they're at about 80% and at 
about Rs. 3,500. 
Yes, that's really helpful. So, 
| had a follow up on this. So, could you share some 
thoughts on why Keys occupancy has been lagging? So, this 32% occupancy for 
FY22, right? So, what is your strategy in terms of bringing that occupancy up in the 
Keys Hotels? 
See, the real reason we bought Keys is actually we bought the two Bangalore hotels, 
the Pune hotel and the Vishakhapatnam hotel, which account for about 600 rooms 
where the replacement cost was about Rs. 550 crore. So, from our perspective, 
these were the three key markets we were bullish on. And unfortunately, we bought 
it three months before COVID hit. And then after that, of course, there was nonstop 
under performance for the next two years. 
We are now putting a fair amount of investment into the Keys portfolio, specifically 
these four hotels, 
| have spoken about, the 250 rooms that we have 
in Kerala 
continue 
to underperform. And 
in fact, are responsible for deflating the overall 
performance of the Keys portfolio, as well as the 100-room hotel in Ludhiana. So, 
350 rooms out of the 950 that we bought in our minds, frankly, we did not really value 
them in the acquisition of the Keys portfolio. 
We, as 
| said, we bought Keys for Rs. 600 crore, but what we really looked at were 
these four hotels as the generators of EBITDA going forward. And as 
it turns out 
lemotsce 
HOTELS 
Page 8 of 14

Kalpit Narvekar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
already this month and the previous month, they have now started coming back to 
the levels we wanted them to operate at compared to pre COVID. 
It is, when you 
look at Keys, you are seeing the weighted average, which includes unfortunately the 
350 rooms in Kerala and Ludhiana. We are now upgrading those two. So, 
| guess 
over the next, it's difficult for me to answer this offhand, but 
| reckon over the next 
six months, when we renovate them, you will start seeing a fairly decent improvement 
in performance, but the real generation of EBITDA will be in the four hotels 
| spoke 
about. 
| hope that answers the question. 
Yes. That's helpful. So, 
| mean, why invest money in Keys more than your own 
hotels? Like, let's say you could just sell off these 350 rooms, right? I'm just trying to 
understand your thought process behind investing in Keys because operationally 
your own portfolio is much better than Keys anyway, right, in terms of margin? 
Not these four, these four have the potential to 600 rooms have the potential to 
generate at least Rs. 60 crore of EBITDA. And | think you will start seeing that run 
rate within the next three quarters. So, think of it this way, the way we looked at it, 
we bought the rest of the hotels for Rs. 50 crore and bought those 350 rooms. And 
we bought these, 600 rooms for Rs. 550 crore. We would've may have liked to build 
or buy ourselves individually to. So, that was the perspective. You are, right, we could 
look at selling them, but if you can find buyers, I'll be grateful, but we will not sell the 
four 
| spoke about, because we think that they will give us very nice returns. 
As far as renovation goes, we are going to spend, when | talked about net EBITDA, 
it was post a renovation expense of Rs. 25 crore this year. We have incurred a few 
crore 
in Q4 FY22. This year we intend to spend Rs. 25 odd crore and we are 
upgrading some of our Lemon Trees and also upgrading these specifically the three 
Keys hotels in Bangalore and in Pune. But it is, 
| think, totally only about Rs. 7 crore 
or Rs. 8 crore we are spending in Keys and Rs. 17 crore in Lemon Tree, and that is 
all expensed. So, when 
| said 
| repeat net EBITDA it is inclusive of this Rs. 25 crore. 
Great. That's helpful. 
If 
| may ask one last question. 
So on the retail piece, you 
mentioned that you are seeing some segments sort of backing out of the bookings 
or something. So, could you share some color on how you see these massive ARR 
hikes? How does 
that affect 
retail bookings say, 
you know, 
a quarter out or 
something, any sort of trends, are you seeing any drops in bookings, you know, 
quarter out or something like that because of the ARR hikes? 
So, 
| don't have the up-to-date figures of May, but 
| have of April now, April was, as 
| said, first week of April was slow, but I'm going to give you a flavor. 
In Q4, our 
corporate demand was 820 rooms at about Rs. 3,750. In April, the corporate demand 
became 1,560 rooms at about Rs. 4,200. So, the ARR improved by about over 10% 
and the occupancy doubled more or less. Airline segment, which was only 120 rooms 
at Rs. 3,600 in Q4, which is the 10% 
| spoke about outside of corporate and retail. 
The airline segment increased to 120 to 140. And the average rate went up 33% 
from 36% to 48%. 
The 
travel segment, 
the 
travel 
trade segment, 
you 
know, 
travel agents 
and 
conferences and so on. In Q4 only averaged at, 150 rooms at Rs. 4,900. And that is 
now increased by 50% to a 
little over 220 rooms in April at about Rs. 5,500. Retail, 
which was Rs. 4,200 was 1,240 rooms in Q4. Now 
it was much less than the first 
half of Q4 in all these cases and much higher in the second half of Q4. So, you can 
say it was 1000 or 900 rooms in the first half and 1500 rooms in the second half of 
Q4, Retail averaged 4,200 in Q4 and went to 5,500 in April, but did 1500 rooms. So, 
lemontice 
HOTELS 
Page 
9 of 14

Moderator: 
Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
if you add 
it up basically, this is, you know, about 3,400, 3,500 rooms we did at an 
occupancy of, at an ARR of, 
| forgot about April was low. 
It was about 4,900. 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity for the follow up. The question is on the, Aurika, 
Udaipur. So, 
| think if | remember correctly, you had said earlier that the full year 
revenue potential was around Rs. 65 crore for this hotel, so does this numbers still 
stand or do you expect much higher numbers? So, if you're looking at the whatever 
bookings and demand you're seeing? 
We will do at least this. 
Okay. So, Rs. 65 crore. So, 
if 
| heard you correctly, you said the Mumbai airport 
hotel, whenever 
it 
is operationally expecting Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 200 crore of 
EBITDA, so on our topline basis, that would imply at least Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 350 
crore of topline over there annually on a stabilized basis? 
Not so, because, Bombay for example, our existing hotel, which is 300 rooms and 
an upper midscale hotel, unlike Aurika, which is an upper upscale. So, the Bombay 
hotel does 60%, GOP currently you can assume that. Aurika Udaipur will do, 65% 
GOP so, when 
| say 
| will do hypothetically Rs. 200 crore EBITDA in Aurika, 
it really 
means the revenue 
| need is about Rs. 330 crore. 
Okay. That 
is the stabilized basis. Secondly, so you alluded and said you are 
consciously increased the rates now, right, to cater to more premium customer. So, 
is it more a seasonal thing or is it something for a more longer-term strategy to get 
more, to see the premiumization of customers? 
So, 
let me put 
it this way. You know, normally Adhidev, you increase rates after 
demand firms up, but we went counterintuitive this time and we said, even in Q4, we 
did not drop prices to pick up more retail business, which is obviously available at 
say Rs. 3000. So, 
if you notice the retail ARR even 
in Q4 was 4,200. Okay. Just 
below the travel trade ARR. So, when you take a 
call like that, then you have to 
consciously accept that some business you will not get, which you may have gotten 
otherwise, but that 
is 
a short-term loss because what you are doing 
is you are 
repositioning your hotels because during COVID everybody's ARRs went so far 
south because the customers were not your real customers. You get me? 
So, a 5-star hotel was taking customers who would normally, you know, stay ina 4 
star or a 3 star, but they dropped their prices so much that the customer went up and 
stayed with that 5 star. It happened to us between Red Fox, Lemon Tree and Lemon 
Tree Premier too. So, we found many of our Red Fox customers were in Lemon Tree 
and Lemon Tree customers were in Lemon Tree Premier. 
So now when we repositioned after a two-year gap, we felt minor pain in repositioning 
in terms of repricing. So, as 
| said, we took our prices up very significantly and while 
in corporate, 
it is kind of based on fixed contracts, even there, we went up by 10%. 
In airlines, we went up by over 30%, in travel trade, we went up by over 10% and in 
retail, we went up by 30%. So, when you do that, obviously some customers drop 
away. But what 
| am very, very confident about is that the demand that has come 
back is such that we will be easily able to replace. And in fact, more than replace the 
demand that was there in Q4. 
lemo foe 
HOTELS 
Page 
10 of 14

Adhidev: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Rajiv: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Achal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
Okay. Then something which we will evaluate from time to time, going forward, 
| 
guess? 
Yes, so you will have to really look at our occupancy and our ARR this quarter, 
besides the revenue for you to understand exactly what I'm saying, since 
| don't want 
to give you specific guidance. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajiv from Dam Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is regarding 
Slide 23, where you've given, your active discussions regarding 81 
hotel. So, we 
have to assume all of these are under Carnation, right? 
Yes, but as you know, Carnation has become a 100% subsidiary of Lemon Tree as 
of Q4. So, this is where the management fees income will go. If you look at this slide, 
you will see that in FY19, FY20, FY21, we added 11 hotels. Now this year, for 
example, we will open at least 1000 rooms and at least 14 hotels, to increase our 
inventory. We've also signed term sheets, as you will notice in Q4 of another 800 
odd rooms and eight hotels and we are pretty sure that this year we will sign at least 
another 2000 rooms, which will say another, 30 hotels in the next 9 -10 months. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. 
| have three, if | may. So first of all, so I'm referring to 
Slide 17. If | remember it correctly, as your Q3 results, 
| mean, you reported strong 
recovery in your premium brands, like, Aurika and Lemon Tree Premier. And then 
the argument was that the customer's behavior is changing and they actually prefer 
hygiene. So, they actually shifting a notch above, and hence the recovery faster in 
the premium brand, now of course the rates are high, which means definitely people 
are ready to pay more for the leisure, but then your occupancy levels in Aurika seems 
to be slow or lowest in the other brand. So, do you think the customer behavior is 
coming back to normal, or how do you see whatever the behavior there was a shift 
due do COVID? So that is my first question. 
Secondly, generally, the perception is that, you know, the demand would actually 
exceed, the supply side. So, how do you see the supply demand balance, for the 
industry over the next two to three years? So that is my second question. And the 
last question, sorry, if you already answered it, 
| joined little late. How is the recovery 
in the corporate demand, you see? 
| mean, so these are my three questions please. 
Okay. So, customer behavior during COVID was, 
| want to be very specific. 
| don't 
look at Lemon Tree as a general example. 
| look at the branded sector, there was a 
clear move from unbranded to branded because of a presumption that the branded 
hotel 
sector would 
offer 
better 
hygiene, 
better 
processes, 
better 
standards, 
cleanliness, and so on and so forth. 
| do not see that those customers, going back. 
See the customers who may leave the branded sector and go back would be the 
very, very price sensitive customers. And I'm not really able to disaggregate how 
many of these customers would be going back, how many would remain and so on. 
The broad point I'm trying to make Achal, is that the customers who were normal 
customers were not there for most of the past two years, because like, you, you are 
lemo 
ce 
HOTELS 
Page 
11 of 14

Achal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Achal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Achal: 
  
a customer, you must have hardly traveled. Nobody traveled. So that is coming back. 
Number one. 
Number two. I'm seeing an interesting trend linked to PLI. There is this enormous 
increase 
in 
corporate 
travel from 
the manufacturing 
sector. 
And 
in 
fact, 
it 
is 
something I'm watching closely for the last two months. And | feel that that will be an 
upside for the branded hotel sector in the next two-three years, but that two will be a 
subset. Overall, last 15 years from 2000, you know, 2005 to 2009, 2010 demand was 
more than supply. So, that was an up cycle. 
Once the global financial crisis occurred, from that time to 2019-18, actually demand 
was very subdued, sorry, occupancy was subdued because demand every year, 
while it was growing at 11%-12% a year was less than rate of growth of supply in the 
branded sector, which was about 15%. Now, things were recovering in the one year 
before COVID when, of course COVID occurred. 
Now, what am | seeing, it's like, forget the last two years, going forward demand is 
going to get back to 11%-12% at least, that's my minimum expectation because even 
in the middle of demonetization 
in the middle of low growth, our demand was still 
growing at 12%. Supply on the other hand will now not grow at north of 5% because, 
you know, supply for the next five years, it's studied closely by HVS Anarock, by HTL 
and so on. And supply is known because it takes four, five years to bring supply on 
the ground. 
So, the next four, five years, my expectation is demand annually will out play supply. 
And when that happens, typically the sensitivity to pricing is 5 times of that. So, 
if 
occupancy grows, 
if demand supply imbalance is 5%, you can safely assume that 
price will at least increase 25%. And 
if you are a 
history buff, you can go back to 
2000 to 2006 in the hotel sector and look at the listed players reports, you will find 
price increases were 50%, 70%, 100% increase in average rates on an year on year 
basis for 2004, 2005 and 2006. And 
| suspect that is going to come back. But of 
course, that's the hope, 
| hope it materializes. 
Right. And how about recovering the corporate traffic looks like at the moment? Of 
course, you talked about the recovery coming from section Sector, but overall, how 
do you see the recovery in the corporate demand? 
I'm seeing phenomenal recovery as 
| said, it doubled between Q4 to Q1 in April, 
it is 
even better going forward. When this PLI manufacturing activity, etc., starts kicking 
in, 
| reckon it will be a further upside there, difficult to project how much, but corporate 
demand is back fully to pre COVID levels. Now pre COVID Q1, because remember 
corporate demand is much higher in winter than in summer. 
Right. Sir, let me follow up on your demand versus supply equation. So that clearly 
means the demand would actually out pay supply by miles, because if the demand 
is expected to grow at 11%, 12%, the supply is north of 5%. That means? 
Supply is south of 5%, different guys are estimating three and a half to four and a 
half. 
Right. Fair enough. So that means the demand is going to outperform or out pace 
supply by miles. So, actually two things here, first of all so that means, the ARRs 
should be strengthened significantly from here on that equation, proves out to be 
true. And secondly, 
| mean, how long do you think this upcycle could be, which is 
lemotee 
HOTELS 
Page 12 of 14

Patanjali Keswani: 
Achal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
  
actually kicking off now? How long do you think this upcycle could be 10 years, do 
you think 10 years, do you think five years? 
What happens is two years from now, my guess is, or three years from now, your 
ARRs will be double of what it is today, and I'm not talking Lemon Tree, I'm talking 
branded hotel sector. 
| want to be very specific now, at that point, you will find all 
hotels on a replacement cost basis. The ROCE will cross 15%-16%. On a book value 
basis, it could be a 100%, I'm not going there. But the minute your return on capital 
on a current value or a replacement cost basis is 16%-18% then fresh supply is 
planned. 
So, my estimate is that by end of next year, there will be such an upswing in the hotel 
sector that the returns will then you know, kind of justify further investments. But the 
minimum that will take us three, four years more. So, the next five years should be 
very good for the hotel sector. But as in any cyclical business, supply will come and 
supply will then depress pricing because the rate of growth of supply will be such 
that it will overtake demand for a year or two in a typical cycle. There will be a drop 
in pricing. And then again, the cycle will reverse because supply will then dry up till 
demand 
and 
the 
pricing justifies further investment. 
So just 
a typical 
cyclical 
business. 
Right. So, that means most of supply will should come from Brownfield projects, not 
the Greenfield because if it is Greenfield, then anyway, 
it must be visible, right? So, 
it must be Brownfield projects or conversion, right? 
There's not so much brownfield 
if you look at all the supply in India, put together, 
| 
would be surprised if it is more than 15%- 20% of current supply, and that will take 
the next two- three years to come or maybe four years. So, the next round of supply 
will not be conversions. There'll be no brownfield, 
It'll all have to be Greenfield. In 
fact, many of the owners, potential owners we are talking Greenfield. They are talking 
to us now about building hotels, which could take four years to come up. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nihal Jnam from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes. Thank you so much. Good evening, Mr. Keswani. Sir, 
| just had one question 
and sorry, if this had been asked earlier, 
| dropped off that, when we are guiding for 
the 50% EBITDA margin, could you just discuss on the levers of the same? Because 
in Q3, which is the seasonally strong quarter and where the benefits of cost benefits 
still stay, we are at around 45% margin. So, what 
is going to be the incremental 
driver, other than rate which will take us there? And also concern that your cost will 
come back as things open up. 
My costs are fully back 
, let me just summarize. What was the revenue in Q3? So, 
Q3 revenue was Rs. 145 crore. Divide by 90, that is Rs. 1.6 crore a day. Right? At 
Rs. 1.6 crore a day, we did 45% net EBITDA. Now that really means that my 
expenses were 55% on Rs. 90 lakh a day. Is that correct? 
Yes, that's fine. 
Okay. So let me summarize. Q3 revenue per day Rs. 1.6 crore all in expenses till net 
EBITDA Rs. 0.9 crore. So, Rs. 70 lakh profit Rs. 63 crore EBITDA for the quarter, 
into 90, 70 into 90. What I'm saying now is that are all in costs for Lemon Tree are 
on a 
fully operational full inventory basis, assuming 75% occupancy is Rs 95 lakh 
leo 
ee 
HOTELS 
Page 13 of 14

Moderator: 
Tanay Shah: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Hitesh Arora: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Hitesh Arora: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
per day, add to 
it corporate expenses of Rs. 12 lakh 
a day, add to 
it renovation 
expenses of Rs. 8 lakh a day. That becomes 1.15. So, expenses have increased 
from Rs. 90 lakh a day to Rs. 1.15 lakh. This is taking into account renovation and 
all staff hotels, fully operational. And 
| am saying that we will do north of 50% net 
EBITDA. So, you can do your math then. And by the way, 
| said minimum 50%. 
| 
didn't say 50%. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Tanay Shah from Dolat Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question on my side 
regarding the other income, 
| see that it has gone up to say around Rs. 7.6 crore this 
quarter, which is around 3 times the previous two, three quarters, any specific one- 
off item, or is this sustainable? 
It's a one-off item. So, 
if you might have seen that we have de flagged one of our 
hotel, which is Red Fox Chandigarh. So, this was a lease property. So, as for the 
accounting standard, when you basically make lease ineffective, so whatever you 
have accounted for earlier, 
in terms of your interest on the lease liability and the 
depreciation on the right to use assets, that is to be reversed. So that has been done 
due to this transaction which has resulted in revenue of roughly Rs. 7 crore out of 
which we have made some provision, which 
is roughly Rs. 
4 crore about the 
recoverable. So, that's the Rs. 3.25 crore you are seeing in the other income, which 
is one-off item. 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from the line of Hitesh Arora from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Just wanted the management fee income number as well in the revenue of some 
operations? 
About Rs. 17.5 crore for the year. See management fee income for us is roughly 7% 
of revenue. So, the revenue last year was Rs. 250 crore with the managed hotel. So, 
we got Rs. 17.5 crore. This year, we think revenue will be Rs. 600 crore, Rs. 500 
crore to Rs. 600 crore of managed hotels. Okay. With the current portfolio, not new 
hotels. So, you can take 7% of that as a management fee income. 
Okay. Significant jump there. 
Well, in two years it'll be super significant, but let's see. 
Thank you. That was the last question, 
| would now like to hand the conference back 
to the management for closing comments. 
So, thank you everybody for your patience and for your questions. I'm actually now 
looking forward to talking to you after Q1, because then you can see what I'm saying 
generally play out till then take care 
. Thank you. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
  
lemonce 
HOTELS 
Page 
14 of 14
