 
 
7th June, 2022 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda 
Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015- Transcript of the Earnings Call held with 
Investors/Analysts- Revised 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Revised Transcript of Conference Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 31st May, 
2022 
and 
the 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.campusactivewear.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
Archana Maini  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
ARCHAN
A MAINI
Digitally signed by 
ARCHANA MAINI 
Date: 2022.06.07 
12:32:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
Campus Activewear Limited 
Campus Activewear Limited Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Campus Activewear Limited, Q4 and FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touch tone phone. Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with other businesses that 
could cause future results performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is 
expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. The Campus Activewear 
management team is represented by Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal, Wholetime Director and CEO, Mr. 
Raman Chawla, CFO and Mr. Piyush Singh, Chief Strategy Officer. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal, whole time Director and CEO for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Welcome and thanks everyone for joining our Q4 and FY22 Earnings Call today. In our maiden 
earnings call post listing, I would like to express my gratitude to our esteemed stakeholders for 
making Campus Activewear Limited one of the most oversubscribed IPO of the calendar year 
2022, during a challenging macro environment. We appreciate and deeply acknowledge your 
trust in our vision to create India's leading sports and athleisure footwear brand. We would like 
to take a few minutes to give you a brief overview and business dynamics of the Company. 
Campus Activewear is India’s largest sports and athleisure footwear brand in terms of value 
and volume, enjoying approximately 17% market share in the Indian branded sports and 
athleisure footwear industry. Our flagship brand Campus was introduced in 2005 as a lifestyle-
oriented sports and athleisure brand that offers a diverse product portfolio for the entire 
family. The brand offers multiple choices across styles, color palettes, price points and an 
attractive product value proposition. We are a pan India brand covering over 85% of the total 
addressable market for sports and athleisure footwear in India. At Campus, we continuously 
innovate to satiate our end consumers aspiration while being cognizant of the affordability 
metrics and solving for the accessibility or distribution linked challenges. Our USP lies in the 
fact that we could bring global designs, trends in color palettes adapted as per local tastes to 
Indian market in the fastest lead time possible. This has been made possible by virtue of our 
highly trained research and design setup, our vertically integrated manufacturing ecosystem, 
and our integrated and highly indigenized supply chain and an omni channel seamless 
distribution network focused on agility and digitalization. So, now I will move to highlighting us 

 
Page 2 of 20 
manufacturing and distribution reach. Campus Activewear owns and operates 5 manufacturing 
facilities across India installed annual capacity for assembly pegged at 28.8 million pairs as on 
FY22. The company as of March 2022 has more than 425 distributors directly servicing and 
fulfilling orders of over 20,000 geographically mapped retailer in more than 650 cities at a Pan 
Indian level. In addition, our extensive product portfolio has been made available through third 
party pure play marketplaces, third party managed marketplaces and online to offline B2B 
platforms such as Flipkart, Amazon, Ajio, Myntra, Fynd, Udaan and among others as well as our 
own e-commerce websites. During FY22, we have sold more than 5.5 million pairs through 
online channels. The E-commerce platform sales registered an impressive year-on-year growth 
of over 160% during FY22. While disseminating information pertaining our Q4 & FY22 business 
results, I am delighted to share that Campus Activewear has delivered a consolidated revenue 
of more than INR 352 crores for the quarter, a year-on-year increase of 28% for the quarter, 
and an INR 1,194 crores for the year, an increase of 68% year-on-year over FY21. Just to 
highlight, we sold highest ever volume in the history of Campus at 19.3 million pairs while 
registering the highest ever average selling price for the company at INR 620 rupees per pair in 
FY22. Balance sheet demonstrates the position of strength with robust return ratios such as 
ROCE and ROE of 29.7% and 32.9%, respectively. We are sincerely thankful to end consumers, 
our channel partners and our passionate team, which has helped us in delivering this 
performance, which earmarked the underlying strength and resilience of the brand. As always, 
we thank you for your invaluable support and investment. I will now hand over to our Chief 
Strategy Officer Piyush Singh for his remarks. Thank you. 
Piyush Singh: 
Thank you Nikhil and greetings to everyone. Adding on to what Nikhil just said FY22 has been 
an exciting year for all our stakeholders, both from an operational and financial performance 
standpoint. All our distribution channels, product categories, and graphical cohorts have 
demonstrated robust growth, both in terms of volume and value, amidst the challenging 
operating environment marred by frequent supply chain disruptions and inflationary trends. 
Our sales trends over the years have exhibited favorable traits such as sustained 
premiumization, reduced discounting, industry leading ASP growth profile and growing volume 
off take. As a result, we registered the highest quarter and full year performance in the history 
of Campus Activewear both from revenue and profitability viewpoint. Despite facing COVID-19 
related sales and supply chain disruptions, we registered our highest full year revenue, highest 
EBITDA and highest PAT both in amount and in percentage in FY22. While our trade distribution 
channels has demonstrated resilience with a year-on-year FY22 growth of 39%. Our D2C is on 
a robust growth trajectory exhibiting more than 150% year-on-year growth in FY22. In terms 
of trend lines, our revenue has grown at a CAGR of 26% over last three years. With volume 
growth at 16% and ASP growth at 9% over the same period. On the supply chain front, we 
anticipate a challenging inflationary environment in the near medium term, acting proactively 
on the same since beginning of the calendar year, we started locking in long term forward 
contracts for critical raw material categories and undertook inventory buildup based on 
empirical data analysis with an objective to maximize our sales and gross margins in the coming 

 
Page 3 of 20 
quarters.  Our Q4 FY22 performance is an early reflection of our efforts undertaken by the 
entire team towards cost optimization, which allows us some latitude in terms of cost control 
and price escalations. We continue to monitor our input costs with the Hawkeye of our in-
house manufacturing setup and for the benefit of our expansive ancillary vendor ecosystem as 
well. Now as an outcome of such interventions both on the supply side and on the demand 
side, we are pleased with the consumer sentiment and the demand profile witnessed so far in 
the current quarter. We are confident of maintaining our trendline growth trajectory and 
margin profile in the near to medium term. I will now hand over to our CFO Mr. Raman Chawla 
to take you through more details on the Q4 & FY22 performance. 
Raman Chawla: 
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Q4 & FY22 earnings call of 
Campus Activewear Limited. During the quarter under review, the brand Campus 
demonstrated a lot of resilience. clocked impressive revenue run rate across all our distribution 
channels, despite an adverse impact of COVID-19 which was witnessed in the month of January 
and February, early across our trade distribution and ready D2C offline channels. Campus 
delivered its best fourth quarter both in terms of top line and bottom-line growth. Here is a 
quick snapshot of financial performance of Campus Activewear Limited. First, I will take you 
through the consolidated Q4 FY22 results. The revenue from operations increased by 28.1% 
year-on-year to INR 352 crores during the quarter, while encountering tailwind such as COVID-
19 third wave impact witnessed during January and mid February 2022. EBTDA was INR of 78 
crores as compared to 65 crores in Q4 FY21. EBITDA margin stood at 22.3% in Q4 FY22. Net 
profit for the quarter stood at INR 39.6 crores with a PAT margin of 11.2%. In terms of our full 
year consolidated results, revenue from operations increased by 67.9% year-on-year to INR 
1194 crores in FY22 despite the COVID 19 related adverse impact witness from April to May 
2021 and then again in January in February 2022. Our full year EBITDA stood at Rs. 244 crores 
as compared to INR 119 crores in FY21 demonstrating 103.6% year-on-year growth. EBITDA 
margins stood at 20.4% in FY22 versus 16.8% in FY21. Net profit for FY22 stood at INR 124 
crores with a PAT margin of 10.4% as against the PAT of INR 27 crores in FY21, which had a PAT 
margin of 3.8%. FY22 sales volume registered at 19.3 million pairs as against 13 million pairs in 
fiscal 21, thereby generating a 48% year-on-year volume growth. Our FY22 aggregate average 
selling prices (ASPs) stood at INR 620 per pair versus INR 547 per pair in FY21, thereby resulting 
in at 13.3%. year-on-year ASP growth. Finally, the net debt to EBITDA ratio has improved from 
1.1x in FY21 to 0.7x in FY22 and while our return on capital employed has also gone up from 
18.5% in FY21 to 29.7% in FY22 and our return on equity has also gone up from 9% in FY21 to 
32.9% in FY22. With this, I'll conclude and hand over to the operator for question and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Priyam Khimawat from Ask Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
You reported a direct-to-consumer sales of around INR 444 crores for FY22. Can you help me 
with the breakup of this between online and our EBO channel? 

 
Page 4 of 20 
Piyush Singh:  
So, as we typically look at it as our D2C channels direct to consumer channel in terms of 
breakup, our D2C online is close to INR 390 crores and our D2C offline is the remaining INR 54 
crores for the FY22. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
With regards to margin, we have done an exceptionally great margins in both Q 4 and FY22. 
How should we look this going forward? Because in FY23, I think there will be some pressure 
on cost inflation as well. So, going forward in the medium term, what will be your margin 
guidance? 
Piyush Singh:  
So, great question. While we cannot give you a firm guidance, unfortunately, but what we 
would like to say is that we have performed remarkably well historically. If you look at our 
trend, over the last 3, 4, and 5 years or even 10 years, we have grown at a CAGR of 26% and 
our margin has sustainably grown both the EBITDA and PAT margins have grown one to one 
and a half percent year-on-year for the last three years continuously since FY19. So, we just 
like to say that we will be continuing with the momentum that the company has demonstrated. 
Raman Chawla:  
And you must have noticed that we have taken some proactive steps as you have mentioned 
inflation and all on the other transient aspect. So, as a company, we have taken some proactive 
steps of locking in key raw material prices longer term forward contracts and some other cost 
optimization related levers along with sustained price pass through to our end consumers in a 
regulated manner. With all these interventions both on the supply side and the demand side, 
we are confident that we will maintain our empirical growth trajectory while maintaining our 
baseline margins both at vertical growth trajectory while both at EBITDA and PAT levels. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
Okay, Sir during our IPO meet that we'll be focusing on expanding our sneaker range as well as 
getting into newer geographies for this can you let us know what is our current contribution 
from this sneakers part of the portfolio and how do we see growth going forward in this? 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
See on a directional basis, whatever we have communicated during our roadshow meeting, we 
are on the right track. We have seen great promise coming in from emerging and frontier 
markets in terms of geographical space, on a ballpark level our core markets are contributing 
65% of our revenue, while the remaining is coming from emerging and frontier markets at 35% 
and we envisage just kind of mix to sustain in the near medium term. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
Okay, Sir my question was more pertaining to our sneaker portfolio which I think was around 
7 to 8% of total sales. How do we see this going forward?  
Piyush Singh:  
So, we are currently still we are working on that portfolio, it is a major focus area for the 
company, like we told you last time. So, while I cannot share concrete numbers, but I can tell 
you that we have a good lineup of this portfolio for this year plan. So, we are expecting some 
good numbers from it. 

 
Page 5 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
And there is a very thin line of demarcation between sports and athleisure footwear and casual 
footwear, which we interchangeably call as sneakers. So, overall, this is the only portfolio that 
we are focused from a larger perspective standpoint, and from a market outlook standpoint. 
So, we are again very confident of the product profile and the portfolio that we have launched 
in the market so far and we have seen good customer sentiment and response to our products, 
which is kind of translated into our quarterly numbers and folio numbers and we expect the 
same kind of response coming in from our end consumers in the in the forthcoming quarters 
as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Sir, my first question was on your net debt. We still have along INR 175 crores of debt and YoY 
our debt has actually increased despite significant top line and bottom-line growth, while our 
working capital has significantly been impacted. So, just wanted to understand what is the 
roadmap to be debt free and what is the sustainable working capital we should model? 
Piyush Singh: 
So, great question Ankit. So, Ankit as you must have noticed, during our opening remarks, we 
have shared part of our strategy that we are proactively investing into our inventory buildup, 
because we foresee some inflationary challenges coming our way. More than inflationary, we 
anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue and that is why we have taken a proactive step 
of building up the inventory in order to gain some incremental revenue growth. In order to 
sustain our margin profile, so, whatever increment in working capital, you see almost 20-25% 
of that is what into working inventory buildup. In addition to that, you will also notice that FY21 
was kind of a stressed year from a payable standpoint, in terms of the sales outstanding, 
because the company was trying to conserve cash in an arduous operating environment. Now, 
since we have gone back to our regular payable days, which is in line with our FY20 numbers, 
we have release payments to our vendors in order to ensure that they are in great health so 
that they can support us during the coming quarters when FY23 key performance is to be 
adjudged now. Just based on these two factors almost 25% of our incremental working capital 
has gone into inventory and remaining 70% has gone into the normalization of our payables. 
Owing to that part of our operating cash flow has gone into and you can do the numbers and 
we can connect offline on what concrete numbers have gone into our working capital 
enhancements and part of this has been funded by debt line. While this number is transient in 
nature in the near medium term, in the in the coming years while we come back to a normalized 
working capital base, you will see our EBITDA to OCF conversion to come back to a normalized 
levels of 55 to 65% levels to start with. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Sure, my second question is on the ASP increase, and for the full year we had around putting 
13%-14% ASP increase on a run rate basis could we talk of Q 4 FY22 how it has been the ASP 
growth incrementally are we covered for the raw material or do we need to take more price 
increases in the first half of the financial year. 

 
Page 6 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So, in terms of ASP increase, for Q 4FY22 also we have done almost 10% of ASP increase from 
INR 568 to INR 627 for Q 4 FY22 and similarly going forward, we do not see much of price 
increase right now because we have already taken two major price increases in the last two 
years. So, we are in a comfortable spot that way to maintain our margin. 
Raman Chawla:  
Just to add on, we continue to monitor our cost inflation, right on a month-on-month basis and 
then directionally take a view saying that we need to go and take a price increase or anything 
like that. 
Piyush Singh:  
Ankit to add on an empirical basis, if you will notice, while FY22 is a great year for us, we have 
demonstrated more than 13% ASP increase which is a mix of both the change in sales mix and 
the cost escalations or the price escalations that we have taken. On a slightly longer-term basis, 
our ASP growth has been in the range of almost 8 to 8.5%. We expect this ballpark ASP increase 
to continue in the in the near medium term, largely on account of changing product mix and 
premiumization that we have witnessed in our product portfolio. 
Ankit Kedia:  
Last question, if I may ask, in the D2C sales, what is the percentage of B2B from Udaan and Ajio 
and incrementally whatever contracts with these guys if they are doing price war and our 
distributors are getting impacted because of that. 
Piyush Singh:  
Ankit, while we are not sharing the exact numbers, but let me just assure you, the percentage 
coming in from our B2B sales overall as a vertical is very small compared to our overall online 
sales, it is in low double digits right now. So far as price war kind of a situation is concerned in 
terms of predatory pricing, let me assure you that over the last one and a half, two years, we 
have maintained a Hawkeye view on how the business operations are being conducted, we 
have the requisite technology infrastructure in place to understand and to figure out who has 
done price undercutting and territory infringement and basis that we have taken proactive 
measures across all our partners, be it our distributors, state distributors, or be it our B2B 
partners. So, far, they have maintained harmonious operations across territories that they have 
been assigned and this is something that we have witnessed over the last 6 to 12 months, and 
we do not foresee any kind of disruptions coming up because of this channel. Overall, the trend 
that we have seen lately is they have taken a backseat in terms of cash burn so far as our 
segment is concerned, which again should assuage your concern to a large extent. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, just want to add that, while for us, all the channels are extremely important, especially the 
legacy channel of distribution where we have worked very hard to create this kind of 
distribution network, the India's largest distribution network over the last three decades. So, 
there is no reason why we would let anyone sabotage this in any way. So, we are very clear 
with the strategy that we will not be growing other channels at the expense of distribution 
business, right. So, I just want to assure you that. 
Piyush Singh:  
And anyway it is only 10% of our overall D2C online portfolio, so it is very small comparatively. 

 
Page 7 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Tejas Shah:  
My first question kind of repetitive, which is around margins. So, we have actually very healthy 
set of margins in FY22 that was also considering the difficult year we had across on raw material 
part. So, just wanted to understand what is our margin philosophy? Is margin a goal seek 
number around which we build the business model or business plan for the year or is it an 
output dependent on growth that we chase for the year. 
Piyush Singh: 
So, Tejas primarily the financials are just an outcome of how we strategize and how we operate 
our business and execute our strategies. So, the idea here is to continuously offer the best-in-
class product portfolio to our consumers. Simultaneously, the endeavor is to continuously 
optimize the portfolio while not leaving gaps in the pricing spectrum that we operate in. So, 
that is the overall philosophy that we operate with. Now, with that philosophy, as we 
premiumize over the years, we see both kinds of margin expansion, we have seen both kind of 
margin expansion both at the material margin and the gross margin level, on account of 
changing product mix, and because of premiumization, and between gross margin to EBITDA 
because of the operating leverage that we have generated, given the kind of franchise we have 
created over the years. Not just limited to the asset sweating, but also because of 
rationalization of our fixed costs. So, whatever margin expansion we have witnessed over the 
last 3-4 years, it is broadly equally divided between the product mix and the premiumization 
bit and the operating leverage and we believe that this is how we will be continuing in the near 
medium term from here on. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
I would also like to add Tejas, we are also extremely dedicated and committed towards growing 
the brand equity much stronger. So, we are continuously investing behind the brand in terms 
of marketing spend, which has gone north of about INR 100 crores over the last two years is 
what we spent in ATL spends. So, with this kind of marketing spends, and by virtue of building 
the brand, we are also looking to grow our margins. So, we always endeavor to do that and at 
the same time operating leverage is now sort of kicking in, as well as we are growing the 
revenues beyond the fixed expenses base. 
Piyush Singh: 
And just to close the loop on your question, it is neither a goal seek nor our top line chase that 
we incur, it is actually a balanced approach that we follow with the philosophy that we have 
just underlined. See the idea is simple. If we execute what we conceptualize in a very dedicated 
and disciplined manner, both gross margin expansion and operating leverage are bound to kick 
in and this is something that we have witnessed over the last 3, 4, 5 years. 
Tejas Shah:  
Sir I just partly the question has been answered for me, I will just rephrase the part which still 
is unanswered from your end. Is that see there are companies which specifically have larger 
lifestyle retail space, who specifically mentioned that they do not want to operate beyond 22% 
and not below 20% and any alteration in that been made intervention to protect that range. 

 
Page 8 of 20 
So, I just wanted to understand margin philosophies from the perspective that beyond what 
level you are not comfortable, you believe that you will attract unwanted competition and 
below which level you will actually make aggressive pricing intervention if need be to protect 
that kind of profitability that was the main crux of the question. 
Piyush Singh:  
So, Tejas while we are not giving out explicit guardrails out there, but yes, we also do follow 
guardrails in terms of margin protection and there are guardrails in place within the system, 
which ensures that at every single extreme, or every single extreme of the ambit, we take 
corrective actions more on the proactive side, rather than on the reactive side. So, this is 
something that our finance department and our CFO monitors in a dedicated fashion  leading 
indicators, such as demand forecasting or volume off-take, in terms of sales velocity, and it is a 
very detailed and extraneous exercise that we undertake, but we rely more on leading 
indicators and go by the guardrail principles, while we are not at liberty to share those 
guardrails over this call, but prima facie that is the mechanism that we follow in order to ensure 
that we have an optimal mix of both revenue growth and at the same time, a healthy margin 
profile. So, it is a balanced approach end of the day that we take in order to ensure that we 
kind of meet both the objectives. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure thanks. Second question pertains to on growth side, how should we so I believe we must 
be over indexing some of the regions and we are under index in some of the regions so in terms 
of priority of regional growth, how should we think about coming 2-3 years and where you will 
be putting more focus and where it will be relatively on autopilot for you?  
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
You mean in terms of regions, right? Yes see, we basically have a very clear strategy. We are 
very so, in core markets like north and east, and even central to that extent, which contributes 
about 55% of the overall top line. So, we are almost monopolizing these markets and we will 
continue to do so. We are very strong in these markets, then when it comes to our frontier and 
emerging markets, which is basically west and south India, we have a two-pronged approach, 
we are expanding in both channels quite rapidly be it offline distribution or D2C online. The 
D2C online has actually helped us enter the territory of, let's say, South India, for example, 
where the distribution has historically been not that strong. So, it has become a major focus 
area because of that, and D2C online is complementing our distribution channels now, to enter 
these new frontier territories. Similarly, West India where we have been very strong and now 
we have entered in with our own EB outlets as well with our coco stores and franchisee, owned 
franchisee operative stores, both the models are doing extremely well, along with distribution 
and D2C online. So, all three channels are present there, so the approach is quite simple that 
we need to maintain our growth and market share and grow that in the core territories and at 
the same time, both in frontier and emerging markets. We are taking those markets head on 
to grow in line with the, let's say, the entire sports shoe market segment share that these 
markets demand. I hope that answers your question. 
Tejas Shah: 
Yes, it does. Thanks. That is all from my side and all the best for coming quarters. 

 
Page 9 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akshay Thakkar from Fidelity 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Thakkar:  
Two questions from my side. Hi, guys, congratulations on a good set of numbers have a good 
debut. Two questions, one was going back to the earlier question on working capital. So, 
understand last year was not steady state again, this year, you might have had compulsions on 
inventory on how we are paying payables. If you could just help us understand going ahead, 
what is the kind of working capital levels or the inner cash flow conversion levels that you are 
going to work with that would be helpful. That is question one. Question two was if you help 
us in your business of June quarter, last two quarters, obviously, I am guessing you would have 
had an impact this year should be a normal quarter. So, like just trying to understand how much 
of delta growth that adds to full year to the extent possible to discuss that and the third was 
around gross margins not to mistake, but some volatility quarterly last quarter was gross 
margins are higher this quarter or lower? I mean, is gross margin also cyclical, or, you know, 
we should take Q4 numbers as a starting base, and then pricing and sourcing interventions kick 
in so those three questions from my side. 
Piyush Singh:  
Thanks for all the three questions. So, I will take one by one starting with your first question 
around working capital. So, see, the thing to understand here is what was we have taken this 
two-pronged approach one around the inventory as a proactive approach, and the other is 
around payables. Now, I will start with payables first: FY21 for us was slightly stressed in terms 
of payables, because we were in a cash conservation mode due to COVID-19 uncertainty. So, 
typically, our payable days in terms of day sales outstanding are in the ballpark of 60 to 65 days 
outstanding in terms of sales. So, far as payables are concerned last year, they got stretched to 
almost 88 days. Now as you are aware that we have a very extensive base of ancillary network 
and we need to ensure that they are in good health in order to support us for future growth 
and from a margin conservation standpoint also, needless to say, from an agility standpoint 
also. So, we have kind of normalized that stressed payables from 88 days to almost back to a 
normal level of 60 days in terms of day sales outstanding on payable. So, now that has led to 
almost 80% of our operating cash flow consumption because we kind of funded almost INR 90 
crores towards normalizing those payables in a way. Now the second thing which was more 
around inventory, we have done slight buildup on our RM and SFG because we see this 
inflationary trend coming in. We have not only started locking in long term forward contracts, 
but we have also started building the requisite inventory for fungible inventory elements such 
as meshes, raw materials for PU/PVC and some bits of SFG. Now, that has consumed another 
20% of our operating cash flow, which was expected in FY22 and that translates to almost INR 
30 to 35 crores of incremental inventory buildup at our site. Now, once we normalize all these 
elements and another, you can say INR 17-18 crores of our working capitals got stuck into our 
IPO expenses, which is transitionary in nature. Now it has been refunded to the company by 
the selling shareholders. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
Piyush Singh:  
To the selling shareholders, because it was an OFS. It was logged in from our working capital as 
on 31st March 2022. All that has come back. So, in a steady state scenario, out EBITDA to OCF 
conversion is expected to be in the ballpark of around 55 to 60% and this is something that we 
expect once this entire thing normalizes in the next three quarters. So, that is the outlook on 
the working capital side, now coming to your second question around, or rather, your third 
question around what is the normalized June quarter while we are not giving any concrete 
guidance around it, but if we take the empirical evidence into play over the last five years, our 
first quarter has typically contributed around 17 to 18% in terms of our overall annual top line, 
and this trend has kind of sustained over the last five years. This is not transient in nature. We 
expect to our June quarter to perform on similar lines going forward as well because of the 
seasonality element involved and the seasonality element also plays into your third question 
around gross margin because typically open footwear has lower gross margins compared to 
our closed footwear portfolio and first two quarters of financial year are heavy on some 
meaningful contribution. They are not heavy, but they have some meaningful contribution 
coming in, in our overall sales mix. So, the best way to look at it is on a year-on-year basis, we 
should look at the gross margin profile for a quarterly performance rather than doing a 
preceding quarter analysis, as a base rate. 
Raman Chawla:  
Margin expansion is a key priority. I mean, if we look at from 2019 to now, we have increased 
steadily from 46%, to almost about touching 50s for this year. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
The thing is just to add one last line on the seasonality. But first half empirically has contributed 
30 to 40% of our top line and our second half typically contributes the balance of our top line. 
We have been kind of smoothing the curve over the years, we have changed it from 30:70 to 
almost 40:60 now, and we expect this to smoothen a little bit going forward as well, but this is 
this is what the trendline looks like as of now and hence the impact on the margin profile as 
well. 
Akshay Thakkar:  
Okay, great. If I look at margin this year, and I adjust for the IPO expenses, clearly not. Should I 
take that as a base when you say you maintain or increase or should I…. 
Piyush Singh: 
Sorry, to interrupt the IPO expenses were not part of P&L it was just a balance to cash flow 
routing around recovering between shareholder. So, it has no impact on our P&L or our margin 
profile. Only a cash flow on that. 
Akshay Thakkar:  
You have not recognized P&L you have done it directly through. 
Piyush Singh:  
To the balance sheet directly. 
Raman Chawla:  
Because this is not a company expense, actually, the IPO expenses are to the selling 
shareholders which was completely over. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
It was just an advance given on behalf of selling shareholders and now it has been recovered. 
Correct. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jaspreet Arora from Equentis PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Jaspreet Arora:  
My first question was around the slide 30 Right where you have given the price segmentation 
and the three buckets, the entry, semi premium and premium. So, as for my quick calculation, 
wanted to check if so, by volume, would it be right that 70% is coming from the entry and the 
next 30% between the semi and the premium segment? 
Raman Chawla:  
So, Jaspreet while I can give you some directional sense out there, it is not 70:30, but it's more 
like 35:65. 
Jaspreet Arora:  
Please repeat. 
Raman Chawla:  
35% coming in from entry segment and remaining 65% comes in from semi premium and 
premium. 
Jaspreet Arora:  
Okay. So, related to that was our premium segment where we are competing very pricing is 
about 1,500 to 3,000 and around that segment, when we are pricing in that. So, one is obviously 
the cost stroke margins that we are trying to get here, because obviously, it's premium product 
and the second is the price proposition or the value proposition that we are offering to the 
client and last obviously and the closer we are getting to that to that border, where we caught 
and the likes of Puma, Adidas, Nike become more attractive, so just wanted some color or 
thoughts in this bracket, what exactly goes into or whatever you can share into the pricing of 
this particular bracket. 
Piyush Singh:  
So, Jaspreet what we typically do is we follow cost MRP kind of matrix starting with our 
economy to a semi premium to our premium portfolio. The differentiating factor around our 
premium segment so where the value of our volume lies, it lies between INR 1,500 to almost 
INR 2,200 to 2300. So, that is the belly in this segment. So, far as volume update is concerned 
now how we have differentiated from other brands is one based on our cost leadership 
advantage that we have by virtue of our vertically integrated manufacturing setup. We are one 
of the lowest cost producers for the same kind of product that our competitors have to offer 
in this market and second during the last three to five years, we have done a lot of ATL 
spending, a lot of advertisement spent towards creating that aspiration in that target audience. 
So, if you look at our last two years performance only, we have spent more than INR 100 crores 
towards brand building alone and this has gone a long way towards creating that aspiration in 
our target audiences so if you do a like to like product comparison, you'll get your answers as 
well. What is something that we are offering as a product vis-a-vis what the competition is 
offering thus the push. 

 
Page 12 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
At the same time, you see whatever value proposition that we are giving, like Piyush 
mentioned, it is significantly higher than any other competition be it domestic or MNC brand. 
So, generally any of our portfolio prices are at least 4 to 5x cheaper than the similar, let's say 
comparable MNC brand product. So, that's how we operate and that's the biggest USP for us 
as a brand and as a product company. Right. So, I hope that answers your question. So, basically 
from INR 2,000 to 3,000 segment, this is a key focus area for the company going forward as 
well and the kinds of products that we are giving in that range are being sold by the MNC brands 
that not less than INR 8,000 to 10,000 bucks. 
Jaspreet Arora:  
Okay and this is the last couple of years history of ex COVID phase, what percentage of sales 
would be sale versus full price, that you have been able to track. 
Piyush Singh:  
See 60% of our sales even now is coming from trade distribution channel and 40% of our sales 
comes from the direct-to-consumer channels. So, just to give you some color on the online 
channel, which contributes roughly 35% of our sales, an aggregate discount on this channel has 
always stayed below 20% since inception. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Okay. Which is the best in the class, by the way like, you will not find any other footwear brand 
who is operating in lesser aggregate discounting than this and rest is trade distribution which 
is a B2B format because the matrix is more relevant on the retail side. 
Jaspreet Arora:  
Got it and just lastly, one of the vectors you mentioned on Slide 25 was product diversification 
via extensions into live categories just will you talk a bit more here what exactly we are 
referring. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, by allied categories, we mean, the range of sneakers for example, like similar to just to give 
you an illustration, like how Adidas has a Stan Smith range. So, those kinds of shoes is what we 
call casual shoes, range as well, right. So, that is something that also we are focusing on, but 
apart from that, in terms of allied categories, we are not looking to diversify anytime soon into 
let us say apparels or any of such accessories. Given that there is a massive opportunity in the 
segment that we are currently operating. We are the market leaders here, and we do not want 
to divert our focus, or take our focus away from the core segment. So, we are very clear with 
that and until we have a very sizable market share and are comfortable in this position, we 
would not be looking to expand into any of allied categories. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akhil from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Akhil:  
My first question on the D2C online part I think in the previous question you mentioned that 
we are using that channel to penetrate into our emerging and frontier markets. Would you be 
able to bifurcate like how does the B2C sales online sales coming from emerging and frontier 
markets while how much is coming from the established market? 

 
Page 13 of 20 
Piyush Singh:  
Yes, I can give a directional transaction around that. As an anecdote, South India, especially 3 
South Indian states are frontier markets for us. So, we as a management decided that as a 
strategy, let's D2C online be the spearheading channel for these markets, because rolling our 
physical freight distribution network is one time consuming and second you need to identify 
your demand micro market, your cohort and customer persona before entering any market, so 
it is time consuming as well. So, it is resource intensive as well. So, as a result, we have 
successfully penetrated South India market. So, for example, if South India is contributing 
roughly 10 to 12% of our overall top line 80% plus of that is coming from our D2C online 
channels. Similarly, west is an emerging market for us. We have followed a similar strategy and 
then we did a very optimized entry into this market using trade distribution as a network. So, 
now, while trade distribution contributes the line share almost 30-35% of our emerging market 
sales is coming from our D2C online network, so directionally see on a company level 60% of 
our sales come from state distribution, 35% come from D2C online and remaining 5% comes 
from D2C offline, which is our own stores. 
Akhil:  
As from brand equity perspective, right, given that in a trade channels, we are more established 
in North markets. How does that differ when we send those online channels? I am assuming 
like not just effort required to put trade channel in south and west on a higher side but also 
the brand equity might be slightly weaker north market so anything if you can highlight, how 
does it before basically if you send some online channel versus trade channel 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes, as mentioned earlier, we have one of the highest, marketing spends amongst all of the 
peers and sports shoe segment I can tell you that there is nobody even close to this kind of ATL 
spend that we are doing. Now we are again, the only company who are investing 
disproportionately higher actually in our digital channels online channels as a marketing 
spends. I cannot give you a number but it is significantly higher than any other competition. So, 
that has also significantly helped the company gain market share and create brand equity 
through the online medium into our frontier markets where traditionally the brand has not 
been present so using that as an advantage to our strategy, we have been able to now 
successfully on the back of online channel in these frontier markets, we have been able to start 
and expand our distribution channel as well distribution deals by appointing, very well 
managed distributors and retailers. So, that is how we have paid on the strategy. So, we are 
basically our marketing spend on the online channel is quite high and that is how we are 
managing the operations. 
Piyush Singh:  
And just to add to it, see in terms of market size and our revenue contribution, on a on a 
geographical perspective, we are fairly in the index at par so far as North, Central, East and 
West India markets are concerned. So, if for example 20% of the overall sports and athleisure 
market is based out of west, we are at par with that market sizing so far as our own revenue 
contribution is concerned. The only the markets which are left at frontier markets for us, where 
we have taken a very differentiated approach, where in D2C online has been used as a 

 
Page 14 of 20 
spearheading channel to establish the beachhead unlike trade distribution would follow suit 
once customer persona and demand micro markets are identified. 
Akhil:  
And the last question is on increased spends you mentioned that we spent around INR 100 
crores on brand building for last two years would it be possible to share like as a percentage of 
sales say average FY18 over 20 how much we spent as a percentage of sales versus FY22. 
Piyush Singh:  
Sure Akhil, so we are spending close to 6 to 6.5% of our overall revenues in our ATL spends for 
both the channels, basically all the channels put together. 
Akhil:  
And how much that was historically let's say FY18 to 20 if I have to compare exclude FY21 
because of pandemic. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Sure, so, pre COVID times, this was generally in the range of 4 to 4.5%. We have increased it by 
200 basis points. Basically, because we have closed back a lot of the operating leverage that 
has come into the company in the last 2 years, we have brought that back into the marketing 
spend without impacting the margins, right because we have had other levers to sort of grow 
the margins alongside the operating leverage. So, that is how we have come to this number of 
6 to 6.5% while I do not want to give you guidance, but I can tell you that it is as the as the top 
line is growing, the revenue base is growing. the absolute quantum of this ATL spend is now 
material enough for us to sustain any kind of campaign, how intensive it might be. 
Piyush Singh:  
See Akhil our philosophy is very simple. We are trying to accentuate the experience of our end 
consumers around a Trifecta, aspiration, affordability and accessibility. Over the last decade, 
we have to a larger extent solve the problem of affordability by offering the best product value 
proposition and accessibility by rolling out the most expensive distribution network, be it online 
or offline. Now, we are spending more money towards enhancing or elevating your experience 
towards aspirational part of the Trifecta and that is why we have up the ante so far as our ATL 
spend is concerned and taken up by two percentage points from 4.5 to 6.5 percentage points. 
We believe in the near medium term as Nikhil has rightly mentioned, we will be maintaining 
this kind of a trajectory in order to elevate the brand experience and the and the overall 
aspiration and halo around it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Zubair. Please go ahead. 
Zubair:  
One of them was on the gross margin case. So, appreciate that it has been somewhat lower 
than the previous quarter, but the EBITDA was still up. So, if you could just discuss the potential 
levers that you have got in place to make sure or you know, kind of how you ensure the bottom 
line profitability, for instance, the other expenses have come down, or the employee benefit 
expenses has been also moving around a bit. So, could you just discuss the levers that you have 
in place to make sure that the EBITDA kind of stays where you would want to stay despite the 
bit of weakness on gross margin. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Sure Zubair, good questions while on year-on-year basis, we have done well compared to FY21 
by increasing both the gross margins EBITDA in fact. On a Q 4FY22 basis if we compared to Q 4 
FY21. Yes, we have taken a slight dip in the in the margin in terms of less than 1% in terms of 
PAT, mainly to the account of two reasons. One is the annualization has kicked in for our 
employee cost where significant hiring had been done in FY21 and FY22. So, the annualization 
of that happened in Q4 FY22. The other impact that we have seen, which was largely transient 
in nature, again, was due to the increase in freight and power and fuel costs, which has led to 
somewhat temporary blip in the margin. But we did not really have time, in Q4 FY22, to pass 
on this increased freight cost immediately to the distribution channel and to the channel 
partners in online. So, going forward, we see it coming back to normalized state as the crude 
rates have gone back down they're not as high as they were in the beginning of Q 4 FY22. So, 
given those scenarios, we are quite hopeful and optimistic that we'll continue to maintain our 
margins going forward and the way historically we have. 
Raman Chawla:  
Just to add to it if you if you really dissect it our material margins for Q 4 FY22, and Q4 FY21 
more or less in the same ballpark at 48.4% versus 48.8% last year. The transient blip that Nikhil 
just talked about shift of another 60 basis point because we had just taken a price increase in 
December 2021, which was Q3 FY22, and there was a certain in addition to this power and fuel 
and freight spike, because of the crude price happening in January, there was a reset of GST 
rate from 5% to 12%, which was announced by the government overnight in January 2022. That 
has also contributed to a large extent towards this gross margin dip of almost 1% on year-on-
year basis for the fourth quarter, but rest assured we have taken enough steps and enough 
operating leverage has kicks in for us to preserve our EBITDA margins, not from a quarter and 
quarter perspective, but from a near medium term perspective as well. 
Zubair:  
Yes, so that makes sense and they're very supportive and understanding this, how often can 
you pass on that cost? So, for instance what is the propensity that the business would possess 
the ability to pass on? So, could you go from here, having an extra 10% increase before hurting 
demand? 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, Zubair so we have demonstrated this exact scenario, very successfully over the last two 
years post COVID, where we have had significant inflationary experiences once in 2021 and 
then again in 2022 and both times, we have as you can see the trend of the company, we have 
inspite of passing all of that costs to the end consumer, we have actually grown our margins, 
or not only have we passed it on, right, so we have shown and we have demonstrated that 
experience, and yes, so going forward as well, we are very hopeful of maintaining it. 
Raman Chawla:  
See the illustration is very simple, even if there is a once in a lifetime kind of raw material 
inflation of 15%. Our cost per MRP matrices are such that it is only 1/4 or 1/5 of the overall 
MRP.  Right, that's the kind of sector we operate in and even in that 60% is raw material costs 
and 40% is our value addition cost. So, if you really look at it any of the 15% inflationary impact 
would only translate into a sub 5% MRP impact. So, on a medium base of say INR 1,500 that 

 
Page 16 of 20 
5% roughly translates to less than INR 100 that is INR 75. So, we have demonstrated time and 
again enough price elasticity at our medium price point, we have been just 5% escalation that 
we can successfully pass on to an end consumer and this is something that we have successfully 
done over the last 2-3 years without causing any demand erosion, or volume of make impact. 
We are confident that so long as it stays in the same ballpark we should be able to handle this 
well. 
Zubair:  
And just one final question from my side would be on the EBO side if you would just share some 
statistics on what's happening there because I remember I think it was 100 stores and I see 
that balance sheet and obviously as some increase in the leases and that rental assets so do 
want to understand that do we see more of that coming onto your balance sheet or are these 
a flagship locations that the business has now kind of sorted out and then the rest of them 
would be taken by the more franchisee side and don't really see more floods uptick on these 
right leases. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, see, as of March 2022, we have basically close it at about 107 odd stores, of which roughly 
40 stores are franchisee owned and the balance are basically company operated. Now, going 
forward so this was largely this mix was largely because first two, three years we have taken 
our time to demonstrate a very robust COCO model for our franchisee partners, and only lately 
since last year, which is the very first year of FY 22, we have started opening franchisee stores. 
So, going forward as well the strategy is very clear that we are not firstly a retail brand, right? 
We are a consumer brand. So, we do not want to get into that retail play. For us, us EBO act as 
a very, very good complementary channel for firstly showcasing the entire breadth of range 
that we have the most expansive range in the country that we operate with. So, we are able to 
demonstrate that expansive range very successfully through our EBO channels to not only to 
the end consumers, but also to our retail partners in various cities where we operate. Also 
through our EBOs, we have been able to very successfully premiumize our range, where it's 
fairly it's much more easier for us to sell a shoe north of INR 2,500 or 3,000. So, we because of 
these complementary benefits we have done that the strategy with which we have taken this 
approach to open EBO outlets and going forward as well, we would be looking to open at least 
100 odd stores on a year on this is just a tentative guidance. But majority of them would 
basically be franchise owned franchisee operated and very few of them would be company 
owned. So, we don't see your major capital expense going forward on account of EBO outlet. 
Piyush Singh:  
So, Zubair the strategy is very simple. We have perfected the model, we have kind of 
demonstrated the earnings profile that you can get out of Campus owned exclusive brand 
outlet to our franchisee partners, we have been primarily leading franchisee partners all across 
the country. And now the idea is so whatever number of stores we open from here on 80% of 
that would be franchisee owned, and we would only be entering or using a company on 
company operated stores in the flagship locations. So, going forward, we are going to follow a 
hybrid strategy more lean towards asset light compared to asset me. 

 
Page 17 of 20 
Zubair:  
Perfect. That was my question. So, incremental store opening at 80% would be franchises. 
That's very helpful. Thanks very much. I really appreciate your time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sushant Agarwal. Please go ahead. 
Sushant Agarwal:  
Yes, my question would be, like, do you plan to become a D2C player by offering products 
directly to consumers in the marketplace model and my next question would be, what is the 
advertising percentage directly towards the marketplace model. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, Sushant like I said earlier, all channels are extremely important for the growth of the 
company and we are looking at it from an omni channel perspective, that's the strategy for the 
Company. The strategy is not to focus purely on D2C online, for example, like you said, and as 
an omni channel approach, we have given sales in the ratio of 60-40; 60% from distribution 
40% from D2C channels. Again, I cannot give you guidance going forward, but I can just see 
that this, this mix would not drastically change probably, right. So, just to activate some 
concerns that we will not become an online only brand. If that is your question. 
Piyush Singh:  
See our philosophy is very simple. All three channels that we operate be it trade distribution 
be it online or be it our own D2C offline channels are complementary to each other. They have 
complemented each other's growth in a certain way like EBOs have complemented the 
premiumization of our distribution network. Online has led to the entry of trade distribution 
into frontier and emerging markets. Similarly, by virtue of a trade distribution our online 
channel became so successful because people were already aware of the brand and they were 
kind of aware of the size and fit because they said, touch and feel category. So, all three 
channels are equally important to us and that's why we are focusing on an omni channel, where 
the idea is to offer a seamless purchase experience to our customer irrespective of the 
customer journey, they follow whether they become aware of the brand online or offline, 
whether they kind of you can say touch up in the brand online or offline or they end up 
purchasing the brand online or offline. We have presented every single milestone in order to 
ensure that there are minimum drop offs and we end up owning the bottom end of every single 
customer. That's the philosophy. It is channel agnostic. We are an omni channel play for the 
longest time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Arpit Shah. Please go ahead. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yeah, few questions to the management. So, I just wanted to understand almost 15-20 years 
to reach INR 1,000 crore revenue number for Campus, so do you believe next INR 1,000 crore 
will be lot faster in the next three or four years given that we have a very big push for D2C be 
it online offline. So, the next INR 1,000 crores comes in the next three years or so. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, nobody has seen the future. But what I can tell you is that we have grown 27% CAGR over 
the last 10 years. So, we were sub INR 100 crore company in 2010 and we are close this year, 

 
Page 18 of 20 
it's about INR 1,200 crores FY22. So, I think that way we have done very good run rates. We 
have demonstrated one of the best run rates, in this entire segment globally, I would say one 
of the best performances. So, certainly I cannot comment on the three year journey. But our 
endeavor would be to keep on growing, the way we have. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Just wanted to understand, let's say when we move to D2C channel, as our percentage 
of revenues keep increasing from there, what would be a differential that we will be seeing on 
the gross margin as well as on the working capital, because if I see from last 2 years that our 
working capital is reduced significantly, your margin has improved significantly, to 22%. So, for 
every 1% increase in D2C what will be the differential, that you will see in your gross margin 
and new working capital. 
Piyush Singh:  
We are not, I mean, we are not at liberty to share the exact segment, margin profile across 
channels, but directionally so far a D2C channel has led to a better margin profile compared to 
our conventional channels and that is why as mix have changed, since over the last three, four 
years, you have seen an incremental improvement in our in our EBITDA margin and in our in 
our PAT margin profiles. We are also leveraging opportunities in our conventional channels and 
of late played over the last two to three years, despite COVID. We have managed to kind of 
sustain and maintain our better margins in those individual channels as well. So, as a composite 
portfolio, we have shown improvement on a sustained basis over the last three to five years in 
all kinds of paths and profiles. We expect that going forward, as Nikhil has mentioned, we will 
kind of not only maintain our growth trendline, but we will also maintain our margin baseline 
while the endeavor is to better all three aspects from here on. 
Arpit Shah: 
Is there a possibility where you can actually drive much faster growth by increasing our Ad 
spends. Ad spends currently are 6% and 6.5% and let us say if you take 8 or 9% because our 
operating margins are already at 22% and by increase the ad spends can you believe that you 
can be able to improve your competitive edge in the market? 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
I mean, that that's the reason why we have accentuated our ad spend by 2 percentage points 
because we believe that creating aspiration is equally important as offering the best product 
value proposition and the best distribution network. So, everything goes hand in hand and 
that's why we are now focusing more our ad spend increase. 
Piyush Singh:  
Along with ad spend, as we are increasing the demand uptake, we are also working very 
aggressively on our supply chain to be able to fulfill all of that demand. So, that's a key priority 
focus going forward. 
Arpit Shah: 
So, what makes Campus a lot different from other players, and what really keeps the 
management awake in the night, like, in terms of competitive scenario. 

 
Page 19 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, in terms of competition, see, there would be at least 100 or 200, I will say, private labels, in 
a way, I would not even call them brands, that is the nature of the industry and they are 
basically segmented. These are very small regional covert players. They operate in a very small 
zone, and Campus is the largest and the only company that is a Pan India brand in sports and 
athleisure category. So, there is no competition for Campus. There is no single other brand that 
sort of competes with us. So, honestly, like, there is nothing really that keeps us awake at night 
from a competition perspective in that sense. We see a very good demand and also the brand 
equity has only grown much stronger in the last couple of years. So, we really, in terms of 
competition, we have fairly covered and we compete with ourselves and so. 
Piyush Singh:  
I will just add to what Nikhil just said, while we are fully cognizant of the fact that competition 
always exists and if there are opportunities, if there are small concretes of higher margins 
realization opportunities, people will also come in and close that space. But at the same time, 
our endeavor is to strike a fine balance between our trend forecasting, demand forecasting, 
our planning function and sweating out or optimizing as vertically integrated manufacturing 
ecosystem at the same time supplying the right merchandise at the right place at the right time 
and at the right price to our channel partners and consumers. Keeping that fine balance in place 
is something that is our endeavors. And so far, as I mean we have been successful in 
maintaining that and the endeavor is to always strike the fine balance going forward. 
Arpit Shah: 
And Campus as a Company, you will be generating close to INR 125 to 150 crores cashflows. 
So, what were your typical reinvestments look like? Would it be going into CAPEX, debt 
repayment will be coming out as cash to shareholders in terms of dividend payouts. What 
would be the reinvestment plan? 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Yes, I mean, hopefully as we can generate, like we told you earlier, 55 to 60% OCF going 
forward. Large part, I mean, certainly there would be some dividend payouts, we do not need 
all of that cash to be reinvested into the company. So, that that is quite likely, but we cannot 
say it for certain right now and to be generated. 
Raman Chawla:  
So, as we have growth opportunities available, we will try to flow it back into growth 
opportunities and try and optimize the stakeholder returns to that extent. I mean, giving you 
any guidance around dividend payouts will be premature at this stage, because we have so 
much to do from here on and everything. Everything sounds very exciting from here on from a 
strategy standpoint. We are not at liberty to share everything at this point in time, but in the 
coming quarters, we will be unfolding. 
Arpit Shah: 
Sure. To the Campus, what kind of consumer advantage you would have? Would it like to be 
let's say a value player or would like to be a design player, where it keeps where is aspiration, 
but at the same time the value is also lower in terms of the value aspiration by for a customer. 
So, where it will continue to keep your margin low and the competition stays away what could 
be the proposition that you would have a customer. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
So, you actually nailed it in the question itself, while only one difference is there we are not 
going to work on low margins. That's very clear, but besides that, certainly we want to provide 
the extremely high value proposition in all of our products, alongside being in this segment of 
let's say INR 700 to 3,000 rupees or INR 3,500 where this is let's say 85% of the addressable 
market that is what we cater to. Right so we certainly want to be. We are the largest and we 
will continue to be the largest player in this segment, and gain more market share. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As this was the last question, I now hand the conference over to the management 
from Campus Activewear Limited for closing comments. 
Nikhil Aggarwal:  
Thank you, Diksha. So,  it was an immense pleasure interacting with all of you, thank you so 
much for taking our time to be on the call and this was our first or first full year results post 
listing. We are very excited for this journey and extremely grateful for the response we got 
during the IPO. I just want to say is that we will make sure that we would uphold your 
confidence in the management and the team and the company down right. So, we are very 
fortunate to be part of this entire setup. So, thank you so much for being here and looking 
forward to interacting with you all again. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
