Keva 
June 06, 2022 
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kutla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandta (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Submission of transctipt of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing the transcript of Q4 & FY 22 Earnings conference call for investors and analysts organized by 
the Company on Tuesday, May 31, 2022 at 03:00 P.M. IST. The transctipt is also available on the website of 
the Company. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Youts faithfully, 
For § H Kelkar and Company Limited 
eX 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai 
- 400 O80. Tel 149122 2167 7777 
Gi 
Regd. Office : Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai 
- 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone 
: (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 91 30 / Fax 
: (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in 
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLC009593

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
S H Kelkar & Company Limited 
Q4 FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call 
May 31, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of  
S H Kelkar & Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on touch tone phone. Please note, 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on S H Kelkar & 
Company Limited’s Q4 & FY’22 earnings conference call. We have with us,  
Mr. Kedar Vaze, Whole-time Director and Group CEO, and Mr. Rohit Saraogi, EVP 
and Group CFO of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have a forum open for a question-and-answer session. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today's call, maybe forward-
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our Q4 FY22 earnings call 
to discuss the operating and financial performance for the quarter. I hope you had 
all the opportunity to go through our results presentation, which provides details of 
our operational and financial performance.  
In the fiscal year 2022, we have delivered steady performance, led with stable 
consumption and offtake across key geographies. Our European business delivered 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 16 
robust growth in the year, driven by improved client wins in the Italian and other 
European markets. In India, while we saw improved wins from the large FMCG 
customers, the contribution from smaller customers remained subdued, thus 
moderating our overall domestic growth.  
One of the key focus areas for us has to be strengthening our larger customer base. 
In line with this approach, we recently participated in a global RFP with a large global 
MNC. This should strengthen our performance and growth market position in the 
global F&F space, and further broaden our presence in this customer category. This 
is a new initiative with a large key growth driver for us in the near future.  
On the consolidated basis, our revenue from operations grew by 18.3% in FY 22. On 
a segmental front, domestic core Fragrance revenues marked a growth of 7.3% YoY. 
Organic growth in the Flavour division was a healthy 15% YoY. All our acquired 
businesses, including CFF in Italy, Nova, Holland Aromatics, and NuTaste have 
delivered strong performance during the year. On a full year basis, CFF’s core 
fragrance business grew by 21% YoY in FY 22.  
On the raw materials front, we continue to witness cost pressures on account of 
global inflation in raw materials, and supply chain constraints. Furthermore, the 
ongoing geopolitical conflict has intensified supply chain bottlenecks. Despite such 
macro-inflationary environment, we managed to deliver 15% EBITDA margin and a 
healthy free cash flow-to-sales of 11%. We have been undertaking price hikes in 
coordination with our customers, which has enabled us to limit the impact of margin 
performance to a certain extent.  
Coming to profits, our reported PAT in FY 22 stood at Rs. 148.5 crore and our cash 
profits stood at a steady Rs. 176.6 crore. In our earning presentation, we have 
highlighted the impact of higher amortization of intangible assets on our future profits. 
This is on account of these acquisitions and is a non-cash item. So going forward, 
the cash flow from operations will be an important monitorable for us, rather than 
PAT in the accounting basis.  
From a consolidated balance sheet perspective, our net debt position stood at  
Rs. 509 crore as of March 31, 2022. Increase in debt was primarily due to conclusion 
of our latest two acquisitions, namely Holland Aromatics and NuTaste. In addition, 
higher working capital in the current inflationary environment also impacted the debt 
levels. We firmly believe that these are peak debt levels for us and our focus is on 
reducing these debt levels from here on. Our business model has inherently been a 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 16 
low capital intensive one, and going forward, it is our endeavor to improve our 
ROCEs from these low levels.  
On the cash flow front, while increase in inventories to the tune of Rs. 118 crore 
enabled us to maintain gross margin and meet customer requirements in the 
challenging raw material environment, it resulted in lower cash flow from operating 
activities during the year. We remain committed towards reducing the current 
inventory levels and improving our working capital cycles to more normal levels going 
forward. Cash flow from investing activities in FY 22 is largely towards acquisitions.  
Talking about the business, on our business fronts, our participation in the global 
RFP is progressing well and we remain optimistic about the multi-year business 
potential from this global tender. From a demand standpoint, we continue to witness 
steady offtake across emerging and European markets.  
Inflationary pressures are impacting discretionary spending to some extent, though, 
we are seeing healthy customer inquiries. In the last few quarters, despite adverse 
market conditions, we have undertaken measures to enhance our global market 
presence, augment our niche offerings and expand our customer segments. As we 
look ahead, our growth initiatives will help support accelerated growth in the medium 
to longer term.  
Before I conclude my remarks, I would also like to share that the Board of Directors 
has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 0.75 per share, in line with our profit 
distribution policy. This is in addition to the buyback of SHK’s fully paid up equity 
shares through the tender offer route announced in October 2021.  
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Can you throw more light on the global tendering that you were saying in your 
opening comments? When are we likely to have some order from that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the global tendering process as we have alluded is a 12-month process. The 
first, I would say 10% odd of the process is concluded, we have filed our tenders. 
The next 40%-50% tenders are being filed as we speak. And by the end of this year, 
the entire tender process will get completed. From the tenders and the projects that 
we are doing, we expect that the second half of this year is when the revenues should 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 16 
start to flow in. But we have to adhere to the process. All the revenues will start 
ramping project-by-project and it will take three years for a full ramp up of this 
business. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And sir, any quantum of revenue that can come from this, over a period of let's say 
next year onwards or something? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are looking at something like Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 60 crore of incremental 
business year-on-year as a potential, overall potential is much higher, but I think we 
should be able to touch around Rs. 250 crore as a good estimate where we can 
address. And on a kind of pessimistic view, will be around Rs.120 crore. So, 
anywhere between Rs. 120 crore to Rs. 300 crore is our expectation of this business.  
Rohit Saraogi: 
And this will come in a staggered manner, over a period of three years. So, if we 
start winning the projects, so, it will be like Rs. 50 crore, Rs. 100 crore, Rs. 150 crore. 
So, at the end of the third year, we will get the full potential. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And sir, on the margin front, given the significant rise in price of raw materials, are 
we taking price hikes or any other measures to restore our margins? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are continuing to look at the price hikes in discussion with our customers and 
we have taken a couple of price hikes in the last quarter and starting April this year. 
I think we have already discussed earlier, but we are focusing on the gross margin 
absolute contribution. The nature of inflation and the rapid pace of inflation means 
we are not in a position to take full corrections on the cost, because there will be 
some margins hit on a percentage basis. But we look to keep our gross margins in 
terms of absolute terms steady and work with our customers as things improve, both 
in terms of demand and to some extent, easing of costs or easing of supply chain, 
we will take up accordingly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Dhaval Shah from Svan 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, just couple of questions from my side. Sir, firstly, could you tell us what sort of 
gross profit impact have you seen in this quarter and how much is left to be passed 
on? So, what will be the normalized level of gross profit once we take the price 
increase?  
Secondly, our other expenses has also increased in this quarter. So, FY 21, we had 
a very low number in terms of percentage-to-sales, logically, because of the lower 
overhead expenses, like traveling and exhibition and all of that, but, so, are we back 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 16 
to the normal range? And what sort of higher freight expenses are also in this, which 
could also get normalized going forward?  
Third question is, that I understand our organic growth acts of this Holland and the 
other acquisition, which were not in last year's base, is a single-digit growth, which I 
think is a very low number. So, if you could tell us why the growth is slow, at only 
single digit? Yes, so, these are my first set of questions and then we can have one 
more round after that.  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, let me answer that one by one. On the gross profit, I think Q4 FY 22 was subdued 
at 39% gross margin for this quarter. We had come down from starting of the year, 
43 odd percent. So, this 10% decline in gross margin is what the net result of the 
inflation which has kicked in  second half of the year. We are, in the current situation 
with the price increase and the cost, we hope to maintain through FY 23gross margin, 
excess of 40%, around 41%, if there are no further escalations of raw material or 
steep escalations of raw material throughout the year.  
In terms of, we alluded and talked about inventory in September-October, last year, 
that we have taken conscious call to increase our inventory levels and offset the 
hyperinflation. I think we are now looking at reduction of the inventory levels going 
forward, and we should start to see the effect of that post July.  
You talked about second question was on the overheads. So, I think we will maintain 
our overhead percentage.  
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. So, the overhead stands at 14.1% to sales and however, there has been an 
increase in freight cost and power and fuel but at the same time the traveling have 
started if you compare this year, but our endeavor is to maintain it at the same level. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And this 14% you said would be for the --- because Rs. 89 crore on a 
revenue of Rs. 450 crore, so that will be around 20%? 
Rohit Saraogi: 
So, I've taken other expenses. What are you adding? 
Dhaval Shah: 
No sir, just from the way it's being reported, the other expenses which is there.  
Rohit Saraogi: 
Okay. So, you are adding depreciation and cost? 
Dhaval Shah: 
No sir, I will take it offline.  

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
Let me just put it there, that despite the cost increases on energy and freight, we are 
taking steps to reduce our operating costs to maintain the same level of overhead in 
the upcoming year. So, whichever number you take denominator and divide it, the 
cost control we have already initiated to reduce the overall cost per kilo to the same 
level, where the freight and additional energy costs are borne, but we don't have an 
inflation on account of that customer. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And sir, on the growth front of absolute growth, ex of acquisition, that seems to be at 
a very single-low digit number. So, what is the reason for that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, we have been very conservative in terms of growth, because of a lot of 
reasons. One is the demand is subdued. There has been pricing pressures, so we've 
been cautiously moving up the pricing to our clients and due to the supply chain 
disturbance and uncertainty, we are not being very aggressive in marketing to new 
clients. So, we are focusing on existing clients and products to a large extent. This 
is resulted in slower growth in the second half, last year compared to the year before. 
But we are on track. Normal disruptions are there but we are on track. So that's the 
part on the growth. 
If you see the pandemic effect in Europe was preceding what was happening in India. 
The next last wave was only sort of prevalent in Emerging Markets. We saw that in 
Southeast Asia, in India, largely playing out, but in European continent because of 
the vaccination, the effect was very minimal. And we've seen the rebound and the 
fast growth in our European operations. We expect the same thing to play out in the 
Emerging Markets as we go forward. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, you mentioned about the slower growth. So, could you quantify which segments 
are you seeing the slowdown, the product-wise, the market wise? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have typically, part of our business which goes to the kind of trade and shops, 
so indirectly, the consumption on the bazaar market and the festival market of 
Ramadan. So, this year, we've seen again, first quarter effect of pandemic in the 
Indian subcontinent has meant that these small segment businesses have been 
affected. Plus, the raw material inflation, new payment cycles, we have been very 
tight on our credit policies. So, there is an element of supply chain de-stocking 
through the clients holding and through the supply chain as well. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, do you see any improvement in the current quarter? 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think current quarter is still muted in terms of growth, but we will start to see strong 
growth in the second quarter onwards. There are very good signs in terms of inquiries 
and demand coming through. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And sir, lastly on the tender side of the business, I think in the last one of the 
conversations, you mentioned about Rs. 400 crore as the opportunity of the tender. 
Now, the number you shared is between Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 300 crore. So, this 
reduction of Rs. 100 crore, I mean have we reworked our plan or the other bidding, 
and also this staggered manner is something which is new too, which we were not 
aware of.  So, can you just explain as the entire tender thing again? How it is going 
to move forward and how should we count, we were going to make an official 
announcement for it, because it was supposed to come out in April end? So, has that 
got delayed? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, this global tender and as a result of the Ukraine situation, it is being postponed 
by a few weeks. We kind of hear bits and pieces and it's not going as per what the 
original timelines indicated to us. So, we are waiting and watching when we get more 
conclusive numbers and timelines from the client. But we are very much participating 
in the process and the process continues. I think the net result of this is probably a 
six-month delay in the entire process, as they reassess the briefs and the cost for 
each of the product will need to be re-evaluated post the Ukraine situation. So, many 
of the original filed numbers have seen a change and that has delayed the process 
to some extent. But we are very much bullish to start winning business end of this 
year and then next year to see a good ramp up and in the third year additional ramp 
up. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, now, since it's a staggered ramp up, how would the margins be? On a  
Rs. 50 crore base and on a full potential of Rs. 300 crore base, how would the 
margins look like on EBITDA level? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think most of this business will come in existing manufacturing plants where we 
already have a base volume. So, this will be all marginal, direct accretive business. 
We expect that the gross margins will be on the lower side of our current client. 
However, the volume basis, the net margin will be similar to what we are currently 
delivering.Dhaval Shah: 
So, for normalizing current quarters, EBITDA of 
around 13% odd, assuming, so, maybe 15%-16% is the normalized margin in your 
business.  Is my understanding correct? 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, we have been guiding about 18% to 20% EBITDA levels. I think with the 
inflation, we are seeing a 10% compression of margin in the near-term and we would 
be guiding 15% to 16% EBITDA for the full year. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And also, on the new business , the tender , as in how it comes in? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. That is an additional growth lever for us and we are not speculating or putting 
any time, specific timelines on that. We are ready from our supply chain side and as 
I mentioned, as we pull out inventories, we will have also the working capital 
readiness for taking up additional business. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And sir, on the organic side, since now all the acquisitions are consolidated, the 
quarterly numbers. What would be the core organic growth lever guiding for FY 23? 
So, we are at Rs. 450 crore now for the March quarter. So, any guidance would you 
like to share? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Typically, the fourth quarter is the strongest quarter. We are seeing this Rs. 450 crore 
number for this quarter. My guesstimate is that for the full year, if I look at the 
underlying business at 10% to 11%, plus, the additional acquired business, we would 
end up with somewhere around Rs. 1,800 crore as the revenue line for next year. 
This is not taking any large ticket, none of the global MNC or all these acquisition 
businesses also have some big growth potential projects. So, we're not taking any 
of those into these underlying numbers. 
Dhaval Shah: 
The additional would be the tender. So, if at all, maybe you said H2 FY 23 it will start 
coming. So Rs. 50 crore is the first year. So, maybe around Rs. 20 crore-Rs. 30 crore 
revenue could come from there. Correct? 
Kedar Vaze: 
See, this Rs. 1,800 crore is our sort of stenciled number for the year. Rs. 450 crore 
quarter is the highest quarter. Normally, quarter four is the higher quarter in the year. 
So, in a normal basis of Rs. 425 crore odd into 10% to 12% growth on that. That's 
kind of what we're penciling in. It's still very uncertain to be aggressive because the 
supply chain constraints are making us to be selective on where we want to grow. 
So, we are focused on margin growth and not so much top line growth at low margin. 
We'll focus on the kind of 41% gross margin average and continue to grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Aakash Javeri: 
My question is more-broad based, in the sense that, currently how is the demand 
scenario looking in the European markets, and how was it looking pre-war and how 
is it looking currently?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think the European scenario, our demand is very robust. We continued to grow 
15% CAGR on our core business last two years. We see continued growth there. No 
market saturation. We are one of the strong players in the mid and small sector in 
Southern Europe. And we continue to see very strong traction and growth.Aakash 
Javeri: Okay. And how was it looking pre-war? Has the war changed the demand 
scenario very drastically or would that be more or less similar? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, so far, we haven't seen any effect of the war on the demand. We are in very 
stable kind of part of the business, functional and home use products. We haven't 
seen any impact in the Italian or Netherlands market due to the war. There is 
obviously higher inflation, there is energy cost, impact of energy cost and so on so 
forth, which will flow in. We will wait and watch but as of now, there is no impact of 
the war on a direct demand scenario. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
First question is, you said that incrementally, say from July onwards you are looking 
at reducing the inventory levels. And at the same time, what you're also saying is 
that you continue to face supply chain constraints. So, is it the demand outlook so 
weak? That is what's driving the low inventory level or I mean, how should one really 
understand this?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have had from September last year, I think, the six, seven months where 
supply chain and inflation both were very difficult. So, we built up inventory to offset 
part of that supply chain constraints, and to also average out the price increase or 
cost increases on a longer-term basis that we get the price increases from our clients 
in some offsetting the cost increase. We have taken that call since third quarter last 
year and continued in the first quarter of this year, and it will flow into the first quarter 
of this financial as well. Post, which we will normalize the inventory.  
So, for nine months, we have now picked up approximately Rs. 65 crore-Rs. 70 crore 
of extra inventory as a base level, which is adding almost one month of consumption, 
and we have now taken a call to reduce that starting July to more normal levels and 
pull out Rs. 60 crore to Rs. 70 crore of additional inventory that we have increased 
post September last year. 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, the reason I ask you is because if you look at the small segments, I think our 
commentary there has been that we're not kind of participating aggressively. But in 
terms of inventory, we are still in a very healthy position. So, just trying to understand 
how should one understand it? 
Kedar Vaze: 
See, aggressive participation question was in terms of the last quarter and last 
second half of last financial year. We see things, conditions improving, and we will 
start to be more aggressive in the market in this year starting Q2 FY 23. We see this 
in a way the demand starting to come back and supply chain normalizing as we 
speak. It is now still uncertain, I don't want to say we have 100% view. This is the 
assumption, on that basis we are pulling, reducing our inventory levels and starting 
to go to the market in terms of more aggressive pricing and taking this as a cost 
base. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, on the RM part, just to get an understanding right, therein we are already seeing 
some correction in key RM prices, given our focus on growth and pricing therein, the 
margins what you are seeing, the gross level is around 40-41%, is how you're having, 
right? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, basically this is a guesstimate at best, nobody knows exactly how things will pan 
out in the next few quarters. Things are uncertain. But our base assumption is that 
the worst of inflation in terms of raw material is already what we are seeing today. 
And things should stabilize from here and not create additional inflation in terms of 
raw material for us. And on that basis, we are planning our rest of the year. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. Second question is on the global RFP tender. Given we have a wide presence 
in Europe, Asia and in India, when we are kind of bidding for these products, what is 
the kind of focus market for us? Is it primarily within these three or are we kind of 
also looking at other markets? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, our strategy for the global RFP continues to be the 3-I strategy that we have 
mentioned, in Italy, India and Indonesia and we will focus on these regions as our 
supply and development targets. Even for the global business, these are the three 
regions that we will focus on our tender. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, even say for the European market, is there a flexibility to supply from India 
because that's where the internalization is largely at and if you look at say the CFF 
or Holland Aromatics, the kind of capacity they have would be quite smaller in 
required, in relation to the requirement the customer would have and there's already 
a certain steady state of business we cater to from those plants. So, when we kind 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 11 of 16 
of bid for these projects, is there a flexibility to actually supply from say, India 
operations? Is that how you are kind of approaching this?  
Kedar Vaze: 
One of the reasons to also acquire the Holland Aromatics to have some additional 
capacity. Between the two operators we are looking at synergies in supply chain and 
enabling additional capacities to be freed. Part of Holland Aromatics exports can also 
be diverted to our Indian manufacturing. So, we have now the capacities in play 
within the Group to address the requirements of the large projects.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. But you wouldn't need any further incremental major CapEx to fulfill this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, there will be small incremental CapEx, but no major investment for the RFP, 
which is anticipated. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
First two bookkeeping questions. One is, when you say this EBITDA margin, that 
factoring I mean our contract manufacturing in the Italy business, where the margin 
is very low or that is a separately we would like to treat? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, that is a composite. 15% is composite with the contract manufacturing.  
Longer-term, our objective is to reduce the volume value of contract manufacturing, 
utilize that capacity for our own growth. That contract manufacturing is a low-digit 
gross margins and our own products are around 45%-50% gross margin in Europe. 
So, we will not look at the revenue line growth but to look at the gross margin growth.  
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay, and second is on this R&D. I mean this amortization will remain at what level? 
And any further increase? Since last two years we reduced the R&D spend. So, how 
does one view that?  
Rohit Saraogi: 
So, on the R&D aspect, in the quarter one, if you are referring to the Rs. 12.9 crore 
which we have taken a one-time hit in our P&L and we are charging it off in our P&L. 
So that is not anywhere impacting us. The point which we have mentioned here in 
our earnings presentation is with respect to amortization of intangibles on acquisition, 
which is on CFF, Holland Aromatics. So, which is Rs. 20 crore in this year and that 
moves to Rs. 28 crore next year, which is a part of depreciation line item.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And now, I mean when we are looking at a much better business opportunity, so I 
mean, apart from encashing our existing pipeline that we built up, so again, how we 
are adding new product pipeline?  

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, product pipeline R&D, we are continuing. There are good products which we 
have been introducing and pipeline is strong. I think the demand environment needs 
to stabilize. The situation of continuing inflation is what is driving the growth to 
existing products and supply chain, focusing on delivering current business in hand. 
Once we see that the supply chain starts to ease out and we have a steady cost, I 
know the costs are much higher than where they used to be last year, but as long as 
they remain stable and uncertainty around the future reduces, the growth will come 
back.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And again, would you like to share something on the demand side on the Fragrance, 
as well as on the Flavour side for each of the three, four geography we are largely 
focusing? One is Europe, India, Indonesia and Middle East.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Europe has seen continuous growth, through the pandemic we have continued to 
grow. We see robust demand. There is no change in the environment there. Middle 
East, we see a revival as oil prices have gone up and post pandemic there is some 
level of buzz and I mean oil prices have a direct bearing on the spending power in 
the Middle East region. So that is helped by the sentiment of current oil prices going 
up. In India, I think we have seen mixed situation. There is demand, there is pent up 
demand and per capita demand, but inflation at the lower end, we are also seeing 
part of the discretionary income being taken up by the inflation of food and basic 
items. So, the expectation is there will be price increase, there will be small volume 
growth, but if the stability on the costs are there, then the second half you will see 
very strong growth recovery in the Indian subcontinent.  
On the Southeast Asia, we are seeing last two years, we had a lot of concerns on 
supply chain due to the pandemic. We are looking at strengthening the business 
model there with local supply and warehousing, and further maybe part 
manufacturing or repacking in the region to help us quickly respond to the market. 
So there again, the demand is back. We see the post pandemic scenario playing out 
in Southeast Asia. Similar in India, which I think with a lag of couple of quarters, we 
will see the growth coming back.  
On the food side, we are seeing strong robust growth across the region, both India, 
Middle East, and on our exports plus domestic. We've seen 15% growth YoY and 
we continue to see strong growth. During the pandemic, couple of years, we have 
missed out on the growth during the summer. So, a lot of the beverage, ice-cream 
segments, sales in the segments are seasonal. So, we lost out. This year we've 
continued to supply, so we're seeing continuous business on that.  

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And this year, as you said that we are expecting around 12% kind of growth 
and plus, whatever in this new global business can play out. So how do we see, I 
mean say, medium-term, your growth aspiration? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have committed to the 12% growth trajectory we had set out. I think we were 
very much on track in the last year, first couple of quarters and then we've seen 
disturbances on pandemic, particularly in the Indian subcontinent. We continue to 
keep our 12% YoY growth target, CAGR growth as our baseline case.  
Bharat Sheth: 
Are we looking for new geography?  
Kedar Vaze: 
At the moment, no. We are not looking at new geographies. We are committed to 
our 3-I, 3-C strategy and we will continue to invest in the three regions, South Europe, 
India and Indonesia. Having said that, with the part of the global RFP, we need to 
augment our offerings in China and America and we may set up small kind of, not 
full-fledged things but some tie-ups with local companies or small setups to prepare 
ourselves for the future but investment CapEx point of view, we are not expecting 
new geography to be added.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Dhaval Shah: 
My question is on the long-term wealth creation for the equity shareholders, like in 
2012, Blackstone invested at Rs. 750 crore valuation and currently we are at  
Rs. 1,800 crore market cap. So, even on our 10-year journey, we are at 10% CAGR 
in terms of this. Now, with connection to this, now our balance sheet, now we are at 
the highest debts, last 10 years, 12 years. So, what is your plan and we've done a 
series of acquisitions? So, could you just give us a roadmap in terms of what sort of 
debt would we like to reduce going forward? What is our focus and also, if you could 
share a separate presentation on a revenue bridge, with regards to what all 
acquisition have we done, when have we done, what sort of revenue and profitability 
have they added? This will help us in understanding the company better. Because 
there is a lot of acquisitions, lots of subsidiary and in terms of valuing, there are 
certain high margin products, low margin products. Like more information on this 
entire revenue bridge will also help. So, these are my two questions. I would like to 
understand management's thought process for equity value creation.  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think one of the parts which we've seen the post IPO, at one we were zero debt, 
and when you look at our Return on Equity, there is a good case for putting some 
leverage. We've seen very low interest rates, particularly in the European Euro zone, 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 14 of 16 
which has prompted us to pick up some assets on our longer-term strategy. As we 
speak, we are looking at an environment where interest rates are rising and are 
expected to rise further. So, we will pull down on our overall debt-to-equity ratio, and 
that way, ensure a better return on the equity. That is about the debt to equity.  
So we've had in March 2020, a 0.3 debt-to-equity ratio. We've gone up as high as 
0.5 on debt-to-equity ratio in this year, and will bring it down further as we go ahead, 
as interest rates are tending to go upwards and we will reduce our overall debt levels. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Could you break up the debt taken from Indian banks, taken from foreign currency? 
What are the interest rates? 
Kedar Vaze: 
80% of the debt is foreign currency denominated either in U.S. dollars or Euro. Only 
20% odd debt is with the Indian banking. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, what is the repayment schedule?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, many of these are working capital lines. So, we have sufficient deadlines to 
continue kind of evergreen on a yearly basis. On the term loans, we don’t  have bullet 
payments. We have sort of staggered payments. Repayment schedule starts this 
year. So, we have repayment schedule completely to USD 4 million per year on 
aggregate basis, starting this year.  
Dhaval Shah: 
So, assuming, FY 23, Rs. 1,800 crore, 15%-16% EBITDA margin, we are at Rs. 260 
crore-Rs. 270 crore EBITDA. Out of this, how much do we plan to channel towards 
repayment?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we will have about Rs. 150 crore of free cash after CapEx and other costs and 
part of it will go as dividends. Approximately Rs. 30 crore or Rs. 40 crore dividend is 
an exact number depending on how the inflation and market scenario, we can 
decide. And about Rs. 100 crore of debt reduction. Whatever is the growth, there'll 
be some Rs. 10 crore-Rs. 20 crore of working capital. So, about, I would say  
Rs. 90 crore of debt reduction and Rs. 40 crore of dividend or distribution, that sort 
of ballpark now. We will have to really look at it as things pan out. Interest rates 
remaining very low, it may be interesting to keep that debt and payout to 
shareholders or the interest rate starts going up, we will reduce the debt and we will 
see how things pan out.  
But I think as of now, our assumption is quite optimistic that things will start to grow. 
We're not anticipating any big shock further to where we are today. And with that, we 

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 15 of 16 
anticipate some interest rates to go up. We will reduce the debt and pay out the 
dividend as per our policy. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And given that rupee has been depreciating in the last couple of months, on this 
foreign currency loan, what sort of loss do you see due to the translation loss and 
hedging loss? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Most of this currency is Euro based debt. 
Rohit Saraogi: 
It is a local currency. 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have not seen any effects because we have our payment and revenue and 
profitability also in euros. So, it is Euro to Euro scenario. We are not seeing any big 
change.  
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. That is one, and another aspect is, we completely hedge our exposure and so, 
we don't have any exposure per se when it comes to Forex.  
Dhaval Shah: 
So, all your principal and interest repayments of European debt are serviced from 
earnings in Europe. 
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. It is in local currency.  
Kedar Vaze:  
One, if you talk about currency, from part of our business where we see options to 
China supply chain is one of the trends which we are seeing in terms of our clients 
and global business. So, we need to really look at rather than dollar, Euro, Rupee 
also, the parity and difference between Rupee and Chinese Yuan and how that 
currency is. So, that's really the net effect of all the hedging. So, if the export 
realization is better than in Chinese currency and as Rupee versus Yuan that is really 
the arbitrage or benefit for us.  
Dhaval Shah: 
So, sir, could you tell us how many currencies are we exposed to in terms of our 
export revenue? So, which all currencies should we keep a tab on? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sir, actually only two currencies, Euro for the European business. So, the debt and 
entire business is in Euro, including debt equity, everything is in Euro, which is about, 
I would say, one-third of our entire business and half of our debt. The balance 
business is operating either in INR for all the domestic or in U.S. dollars, which again 
from the perspective that we have exports from India in U.S. dollars, we have imports 
in U.S. dollars and we are hedging the currency offset, we really are neutral on the 
currency.  

 Q4 & FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And sir, just one request. If you could share that revenue bridge with regards 
to how the company has added revenue from our various acquisition, that will really 
help us.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Sure. We will circulate detailed part of it. It will be in our annual report. We will send 
it. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. Should 
you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the Company, 
please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again for taking 
the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of S H Kelkar & Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
