+ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Corporate Identity Number (C IN) - L24110MH2000PLC124224 
Corporate Office: 13/14, Aradhana IDC, 
Near Virwani Industrial Estate, Goregaon (East), 
Mumbai - 400 063. 
Tel.: +91-22-4252 2200 / Fax : +91-22-4252 2380 
URL http://www.sumichem-india.co.in  
SCIL/ SEC/ 2022 
6th June, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalai Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kuria Complex 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Sub: Written Transcript of Earnings Call held on 31st May, 2022 
Dear Sirs, 
This has reference to our letter dated 27th May, 2022, intimating about the 
earnings call on 31st May, 2022 with Investors / Analysts to discuss financial 
performance of the Company for the year ended 31st March, 2022, and weblink 
for the audio-recording of the call submitted to you on 31st May, 2022. 
Please find enclosed herewith written transcript of the aforesaid earnings call. 
The said transcript will also be available on the Company's website: 
www. sumichem. co . in. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
p 
Pravin D. Desai 
Vice President and Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
Registered Office: Building No. 1, Ground Floor, Shant Manor Co-op Housing Society Ltd , Chakravarti Ashok 'X' Road, Kandivli (East), Mumbai - 400 101. Tel.: +91-22-2886 6666 

somiromo CHEMICAL INDIA LTD 
"Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call" 
May 31, 2022 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 31St May 2022 will prevail. 
OMO CHEMICAL INDIA LID 
c 	
unUS.CAL 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL MARFATIA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MASANORI UZAWA - NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA 
LIMITED 
DR. SURESH RAMACHANDRAN - CHIEF 
COMMERCIAL OFFICER, SUMITOMO CHEMICAL 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KUNAL MITTAL - SENIOR VP PLANNING 
AND COORDINATION OFFICER, SUMITOMO 
CHEMICAL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PRAVIN D. DESAI - COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER, SUMITOMO 
CHEMICAL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANIL NAWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LIMITED 
Page 1 of 20 

CI iFnC,A1 	
Ll 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Moderator 	
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sumitomo Chemical India Limited Q4 
and FY '22 Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 	
then '0' on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management, we have on the call today, Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director; Mr. 
Sushi! Marfatia, Executive Director; Mr. Masanori Uzawa, Non-Executive Director; Dr. 
Suresh Ramachandran, Chief Commercial Officer; Mr. Kunal Mittal, Senior VP (Planning 
and Coordination Office); Mr. Pravin D. Desai, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; 
Mr. Anil Nawal, Chief Financial Officer; and colleagues from SGA, their Investor Relations 
advisers. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director of Sumitomo 
Chemical India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chetan Shah 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good morning to all of you, and welcome to the conference call 
to discuss the financial performance of the Q4 and financial year '21-'22 of our company, 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited. 
First, finally, let me give you a brief of agri inputs industry landscape, especially with 
reference to '21-'22. Indian Agro Chemicals sector grew in financial year '21-'22, especially 
in Rabi season due to improved demand in domestic and export markets and to some extent, 
the price hikes across product portfolios to offset the rising raw materials and other logistic 
costs. 
Despite price led growth, margin pressure persisted as many industry players who are unable 
to fully pass on the rising costs. Fortunately, in our case, we were able to fully pass on the 
rising cost and hence, we could improve our margins against the overall industry trend. This 
gives us confidence in strength of our products, demand generation activities and strong 
trusted relationships with our channel partners and the farmers. 
Working capital for the industry has remained stretched owing to higher cost inventory and 
slower receivables compared to the last year. 
Monsoon during the year started off very well in June '21, but became too erratic from July to 
September '21. This disrupted farming activities and affected overall agrochemical industry, 
especially the crops like soybean, cotton and groundnut was severely affected. However, a 
good monsoon and the moisture level increased Rabi season yields and food grain 
production. This is the third year of rising Rabi grain production. Current reservoir levels are 
10% higher than the previous 10-year average. We believe that adequate reservoir levels will 
be a major driving force in the upcoming Kharif Season. 
According to IMD and Skymet, India will have a normal monsoon. This is significant 
because the June-September rainy season accounts for up to 90% of India's annual rainfall 
and can determine crop yields, such as wheat, rice and sugarcane. Experts also ruled out any 
possibility of El Nino for 2022. 
Domestic agrochemical sector's Kharif performance has historically mirrored the monsoon, 
and it is expected to remain the same this year. 
Also, farmer liquidity is expected to remain strong thanks to strong cash flows from good 
Rabi season and higher crop realizations. With crop prices above MSP, the Kharif Season 
Page 2 of 20 

it> 	
CHEMICA.L INDIA LID. 
Anil Nawal 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
looks promising. Due to the stronger Rabi and Kharif harvest, the Indian agriculture sector is 
expected to maintain a growth rate as it has historically shown for the financial year '22-23. 
Thus, we expect an overall momentum for Indian agrochemical sector to remain positive. 
Good crop prices worldwide are likely to result in robust export volume growth from India. 
Given the various headwinds that the agrochemical industry across financial year '22 in the 
form of second and third wave of COVID-19, inflationary environment, erratic monsoon 
distribution, input material shortages and shipment delays, we are pleased to have delivered a 
robust financial performance. This was on account of our marketing team's deep engagement 
with farmers at ground level and robust brands supported by trusted relationships with our 
channel partners, which enable us to pass on the cost without affecting our sales. 
With that, I'll now hand over to Mr. Anil Nawal to please take you through our Q4 and 
financial year 21=22 full year consolidated financial performance. Thank you very much. 
Good morning. Consolidated Q4 FY '21-'22 financial performance. We delivered strong top 
line growth of about 24% in Q4 FY '22, primarily driven by export growth and price increase 
across our product portfolio. 
Operating leverage benefit kicked in, leading to improving EBITDA margin, which came at 
16.4% in Q4 FY '22, up by 303 basis points year-on-year. 
We recorded sales of INR665 crore in Q4 FY '22, up by 24% as compared to INR534 crore 
in Q4 FY '21. The sales growth was on account of both volumetric growth and price increase. 
EBITDA came in at INR109 crore in Q4 FY '22, recording a jump of 52% as compared to 
INR71 crime in the same period last year. EBITDA margin in the current quarter stood at 
16.4% as compared to 13.4% in Q4 FY '21. The increase in EBITDA margin was primarily 
on account of improved price realizations, improved product mix and increase in export 
share. Profit after tax stood at INR75 crore in Q4 FY 22, up by 38% as compared to 1NR54 
crore in the same quarter last year. Profit after tax margin stood at 11.2% vis-a-vis 10.1% in 
Q4 FY '21. 
Coming to our consolidated performance for full year FY '21-'22. Revenue from operations 
in FY '21/22 stood at INR30.65 billion, up by about 16% as compared to INR26.45 billion in 
FY 2021. Crossing the 1NR30 billion sales mark is a significant milestone for our company. 
The share of exports in total revenue has increased from about 17% in FY '20-'21 to 22% in 
FY '21-'22. This was on account of increased shipments to our affiliate companies, especially 
in Latin America. 
The FY '21-22, insecticides contributed 43% of total revenue, while herbicides, plant growth 
regulator and fungicides contributed 21%, 9% and 11% of total revenue, respectively. 
EBITDA witnessed a growth of 23% from INR4.87 billion in FY '20-'21 to INR6 billion in 
FY '21-'22. Our EBITDA margin stood at 19.6% in FY '21-'22 as compared to 18.4% in the 
same period last year. We are able to maintain and to some extent, improve our operating 
margin as a result of our initiative to pass on higher input costs. This was further aided by --
on account of improvement in operating leverage, better product mix, cost optimization and 
synergies. Profit after tax for FY '21-'22 witnessed a jump of 23% to 1NR4.24 billion from 
INR3.45 billion last year. 
We have increased our inventory level to hedge ourselves against volatility in raw material 
prices and the increase in logistics time cycle. This will provide buffer against unprecedented 
input cost increase in the current challenging environment. 
The increase in inventory days partly offset gains made in receivable days on account of 
increased focus on collections. 
During FY '21-'22, our collections were INR34.58 billion during FY '21-'22 as compared to 
INR31.39 billion during FY '20-'21. 
Page 3 of 20 

o mo 	INDIA LTD 
Suresh Ramachandran 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Our net working capital cycle stood at 133 days in FY '21-'22 as compared to -- as compared 
to 104 days in FY '20-'21, which is primarily due to higher inventory levels. 
We have cash and cash equivalents aggregating to INR5.99 billion as of 31st March 22. 
I now request my colleague, Dr. Suresh Ramachandran, Chief Commercial Officer of our 
company, to give more information on our business operations. 
Thank you, Anil, and good morning, everyone. During last year, we have also undertaken 
various strategic initiatives to further strengthen our business fundamentals, such as 
expanding and strengthening of our strategic marketing team, demand generation team, 
product development team and channel partner analytics team, and we are also focusing on 
implementing higher discipline across all the company on commercial policies. 
Currently, we have over 200 brands across complete agrochemical value chain with more 
than 20 mega brands with high brand recall value. 
We have one of the largest distribution network with over 16,000 direct distributors and 60 
depots and warehouses spread across the country. 
In domestic agri solutions, we witnessed growth largely on account of price increase. In 
Animal Nutrition & Environmental Health division, we witnessed growth due to both volume 
increase as well as price increase. In exports, we witnessed robust growth mainly on account 
of volume increase, but also supported by price increase. 
We have -- we also have enduring presence in several export markets. Our export business is 
growing rapidly, especially in Latin American markets. We have received registration for 
some of our products where we are witnessing robust demand, and these products are 
providing us a very good platform to grow our export business. 
We continue to see robust demand across our product portfolios of insecticides, herbicides, 
fungicides and PGR. We expect to gain market share from unorganized players due to a wide 
supply chain network and strong branding of our products. We aim to focus more on high-
growth, stable and high profitable segments, such as herbicides, PGRs and biorational 
products. We plan to increase contribution from PGR segment and have increased product 
offerings for both Kharif and Rabi crops to reduce seasonality in the business. This year, we 
witnessed some challenges in one or two PGR soil nutrition products, which impacted the 
volume. However, we continue to focus our efforts and remain confident to grow this 
segment as one of the leaders in this segment and have planned some new product launches 
in this segment. 
Our direct connect with farmers through extensive field promotion activity is an enabler for 
them to have access to best farm management practices to maximize the productivity and run 
more efficient agri business. This also helps us in building end customer loyalty and 
contribute to our stronger business relationship and obtained real-time feedback. 
We connected with about 4.4 million farmers and 31,000 channel partners physically. We 
have also developed digital marketing and strengthened digital marketing as a parallel 
support to traditional marketing system to create awareness about our products and educate 
farmers in the best farm management practices. Our digital assets constitute of 23 websites, 
product websites and several social media platforms via which we made about 17.2 million 
digital engagements. 
In FY 22, we launched one new product in herbicides and fungicides Group, each, as well as 
four new products in insecticides group. We recently launched few promising products in the 
domestic market during Kharif season of 2022. 
There are plans to launch few more products in Kharif and Rabi season. As an ongoing 
process, we continuously take stock of the gap in our product portfolio and strive to fill that 
gap. 
Page 4 of 20 

CHEMICAL INDIA 
Kunal Mittal 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
With that, I'll now hand over to Kunal Mittal to please take you -- to provide you an update 
on our CapEx policies. Over to you, Kunal. 
Thank you, Dr. Suresh. So now coming to our CapEx plans. I think last year in year 2021, we 
had disclosed plans to undertake two special Make in India projects with additional CapEx of 
about INR1.1 billion to manufacture 5 or 6 proprietary products for our parent company, 
SCC Japan and our global affiliates. This was supplementary and additional CapEx in 
addition to our regular CapEx for maintenance and capacity enhancement, which we do as a 
regular practice of our business. 
Due to the metal and some of the commodity price rises over last one year, we are expecting 
approximately INR100 million cost overruns for these two projects. These cost overruns are 
approximately less than 10% overall cost and the revised CapEx estimates for these two 
special projects is about INRI .2 billion. 
In terms of time lines, the projects continue to be on time. One project, which is a very 
important product for our global SCC network is expected to start commercial production 
during Q2 of financial year 2022-'23. And the second project, which involves multiple 
products for our Environmental Health division is expected to start commercial production 
during Q I of financial year 2023-'24. These two projects are coming at our existing facilities 
and sites and the estimated operating margins and IRR for these projects are in line with our 
current company level margins, which we are earning on similar projects. Further, these 
projects have growing global demand, and we have potential to further enhance the capacities 
for these products in the future in medium to long term after we have completed these two 
CapEx projects. 
During financial year '21-'22, we also completed some regular CapEx projects, such as our 
capacity expansion for one existing proprietary product, which we manufacture for parent 
company, SCC, and also some regular capacity expansion and dehottlenecking projects for 
some of our existing products. 
In addition to these regular CapEx and these two projects which we mentioned, there are 
several additional products are under various stages of evaluations for manufacturing in India 
as our Make In India project. And whenever there will be updates and approval from our 
Board of Directors in terms of specific approvals, we will update our shareholders and 
investors. 
Our R&D team is also working on manufacturing several off-patent products and a lot of 
premixture combination products for Indian domestic market demand and also for the export 
demand, which has very high growth potential regions, such as Latin America, Africa and 
Asia Pacific. So a lot of products are expected and are in pipeline for the future from our 
manufacturing side. 
Before we take up calls and we start and open the Q&A, we would like to recall some of our 
earlier discussions and interactions, I think, which we had covered in some of the earlier 
calls. If you see the history of our company around year 2010, we were approximately 
INR2.3 billion company from -- this is the time when we started expanding our distribution 
network in India by building trusted relationships with our channel partners, connecting with 
farmers at field level to generate demand, to demonstrate our products and the benefits of 
these products and also started building up our brands in Indian market. 
Due to such extraordinary efforts shown by our team across functions of the company, as Mr. 
Anil Nawal mentioned, we have crossed a turnover of about INR30 billion in last year, which 
is approximately 13 times growth in last 12 years. 
We believe we are one of the most diversified players in Indian agrochemical industry with 
good presence in both generics and specialty and also across various segments, crops and 
geographies. Our efforts are to build a robust platform with potential to generate high growth 
Page 5 of 20 

3/426 ;',It,,t1TOMO CHEMICAL INOb\ LTD_ 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
year after year in a sustainable manner, and we will continue our efforts to maintain this 
journey. 
With this, we now request moderator to please open the floor for question and answer. 
Moderator 	
The first question is from the line of Swati Hiroo from Ratnabali Investment. 
Swati Hiroo 
Kunal Mittal 
Swati Hiroo 
Chetan Shah 
Kunal Mittal 
Firstly, congratulations to the entire team on a great set of numbers. I have two questions. So 
there's a lot of emphasis this time on the presentation on an SCIL 2.0. So I just wanted to 
understand what is this initiative? And what is our year-year tenure vision. Like, could we 
become a INR10,000 crore top line company say by 2030? 
Thanks, Swati. So Swati, we would not like to comment on any kind of forward-looking 
numbers or any kind of projections. What we mean by SCIL 2.0 is, I think in year 2019, we 
integrated 2 very strong successful companies, Excel Crop Care and Sumitomo Chemical 
India Limited. And it is a new advanced version of the company, which is much more 
diversified as compared to individual companies with new energies, and that is why we 
started calling it, in IT language, SCIL 2.0. So that is what we have been using, and we are 
expanding further and I think we're talking about SCIL 2.0. 
So it's more like a refresh version -an integrated company, and that is the message which we 
are giving to our channel partners and our employees and our teams and internally within the 
company. 
And as I said, we would not like to comment on the specific, I think, numbers for the 
forward-looking statements that what we can achieve in 5 years or 10 years. But yes, I think 
as we mentioned and covered earlier, our endeavor will be to continue the growth journey 
which we have done in the past and how we can maintain that growth journey, how we can 
increase and how we can take our company to the next level. That is what I think we are 
working on internally. 
All right. My second question is that today, if I compare this Sumitomo Japan and Sumitomo 
India, so we are only into, say, the agrochemical division, which is just about 17%, 18% of 
the top line there. So do we have any plans of introducing the other lines of businesses like 
the pharmaceutical business or the IT chemicals? Do we have any plans of introducing these 
businesses in India? 
Well, you see, what is -- we are -- you are right, we have -- majority of our turnover comes 
from the agrochemical sector. But as you may be aware, we have added 2 segments out of 
SCC's Tokyo's or SCC Japan's portfolio. One is Animal Nutrition, which we are growing in 
volumes very well. And another is the household insecticide division, which is mainly for 
public health and for household usage. 
We have these two divisions' products introduced in the country. And yes, we are also 
looking at -- or we would like to look at other divisions of IT chemicals or pharmaceuticals 
that is always on the cards. And whenever we have discussion with our counterparts in Japan, 
we always bring up these topics. 
So what we'll -- our aim is to do that. When and how, will depend on the timelines and on the 
decisions and the overall strategy of these divisions in Sumitomo Chemical Japan. But it is 
very much on our minds, and we are constantly looking at these opportunities. 
Just to add to what Shah san mentioned. So globally, if you study these segments which you 
mentioned, so the business models with our parent company has the product profile are 
something which is much more advanced. Those kind of business models and products have 
very good potential in some of the developed markets, but the potential of these products in 
an emerging market like India, in terms of overall IT industry growth, in terms of overall 
pharma industry growth is something which we need to evaluate. And as Shah san 
mentioned, we are evaluating. And whenever we feel or our parent company agrees the time 
Page 6 of 20 

simwromo ow_ mica_ INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
is right from a business model point of view to launch this product, we will certainly look at 
this product. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gosar from Invesco. 
Nitin Gosar 
Chetan Shah 
Nitin Gosar 
Chetan Shah 
Nitin Gosar 
Chetan Shah 
If I were to look at the P&L outcome and balance sheet outcome for the quarter, it's very 
surprising. I mean, positively surprised by the way we have conducted our P&L and balance 
sheet. While the peer sets and the industry is still struggling on ability to pass down the price 
hikes, we have done more better work or remarkable work when it comes to protecting our 
gross margin or even, in fact, expanding. 
Could you help us understand the improvement or solidity in the gross margin is more 
coming in from, domestic place or export place? And any further color if you can provide on 
it? 
No, it is actually -- your observation is right. We have passed on the cost much more 
effectively in the market as compared to some of the industry colleagues. I think I would 
attribute this to our last 10 years of solid work with the farmers and as on the ground and 
creating our brands. 
This particular year in which we could pass on the cost is really the proof of our good work at 
the ground level. And the demand generated by our brands. It is an absolute pull demand that 
is being created by the farmers and the trade. So I think our ability to pass on the cost. I will 
attribute mainly to our groundwork of last 10 years. 
Okay. Okay. And any specific category where we are more comfortable -- insecticide or 
herbicide where we are more position to pass down the price hikes? 
Overall, everywhere we have been able to pass on the cost even in the second half of the 
year. even for our exports, we could pass on the entire cost of freight, ocean freight, which 
you know that it has gone up so drastically up, we were able to convince our customers to 
bear the increase of cost in export. 
So overall, I think we have handled the cost implications in a very effective manner. We 
could predict the cost going up in a better manner. We could plan to pass on this cost in a 
timely manner to the market. And as I said that when we did that, the success was that our 
work at the ground level and the demand that we generated by our brands in totally pull 
demand by the farmers. 
Got it. And one last bit on the receivable days, we have seen second year where we have 
delivered improvement in receivable days. Again, is it the change in the business mix, which 
is driving the outcome? Or is it more specific to domestic business, which is resulting in... 
It is more in domestic business. The export recoveries are on line with every year. But 
domestic recovery, we have taken various initiatives by reducing the credit during the year, 
having a very different credit policy. having different models in different markets to ensure 
that our money is recovered faster. And we arc driving this discipline of money recovery 
down to our entire sales team. 
And even -- I mean our message was that even if it costs us a little bit of volumes or sales, we 
will not compromise on the discipline of recovery. And we may, in the beginning of the year, 
we may have lost some business because when you have this credit policy revamp, certain 
dealers and distributors, they get blocked automatically. 
And so initially, we had a little bit of those type of things, but I'm very glad to inform that 
over a period of time, this is well driven in the market, and our new policies are really getting 
accepted, first of all, with our own sales team and secondly, with our trade partners. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Page 7 of 20 

+SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD_ 
S. Ramesh 
Chetan Shah 
Management 
S. Ramesh 
Chetan Shah 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Yes. Good morning, and thank you very much. Let me congratulate the management on their 
consistent performance over the last few quarters, and particularly this quarter. So the first 
question is there was a mention about the higher margins on exports driving the improvement 
in margin in the fourth quarter. So -- and we have seen that Latin America share has gone up. 
So can we get some sense in terms of the volume growth in exports and which are the 
products where we are seeing this improvement in margins in exports? 
Yes, sure. Our margin in export has remained the same or a little bit of improvement, largely 
in the last quarter, we could get the volumes from Latin American market. We -- during the 
year, we had received three registrations in Latin America. One was of existing -- I mean, all 
our existing products, but one was to be renewed and another two we got in. And this new 
registration opened up a lot of opportunities for us in Latin America. And our affiliate in 
Latin America have been using these products that they were probably buying from 
elsewhere in the -- for their requirements from China or from some other Indian 
manufacturers. And we could really compete and we could convince them to buy our 
products. Because [Technical Issues] in place, we are in a position to do this and that gave us 
extremely good volumes of almost our, all the products which we export to Latin America. 
Ramesh, could you hear that applies with Mr. Chetan Shah gave you? 
I lost him halfway through. 
Okay. I'll repeat myself, Mr. Ramesh. What I was saying is that we got some registrations in 
Latin America, which opened up a huge opportunity for us to negotiate or discuss with our 
affiliates. They buy these products from globally, from China or from elsewhere. And 
because our registrations came through, we convinced them that we can be equally 
competitive and we can give you an equal quality products, which they want to use for their 
formulation of their brands. And that came through, and we have established a very good 
business relationship with our affiliate. We are very happy with our performance. And this 
gave us a tremendous volume growth in Q4 for our products in Latin America. 
S. Ramesh 	
So can we get some numbers for volume growth for the fourth quarter in domestic and export 
markets? 
Chetan Shah 	
We grew both, we grew domestic as well as exports. I think -- Kunal, you answer. 
Kuria! Mittal 
S. Ramesh 
Kunal Mittal 
So sir, 1 think while we do not give specific numbers, but overall, 1 think, again, not just for 
Q4, but for the full year basis, if we see — as Dr. Suresh covered, in the domestic market, 
most of the growth seems to be coming from the price increases. In the exports market, it 
seems to be driven broadly balanced between volume growth versus price growth. And in 
Indian market and in the Animal Nutrition business, also, most of the growth is coming from 
volume and prices, both. And in the Environmental Health division also, it is broadly, I think, 
both. 
Yes. So the next thought is in terms of your new products, can you give us a sense in terms of 
what is the share of new product in the FY '22 revenue? And how do you see this share of 
new products moving, say, in the next two years? 
Yes. So I think the last three years, I think that is what I think we generally take up. So last --
the product which we have launched last three years is approximately contributing to about 
10% to 11% of our revenue. About INR325 crore is the revenue generated from these 
products roughly. I'm not giving a very exact number, but more like approximately INR3.25 
billion, which is a good number. 
And I do not think that we had a very blockbuster kind of a launch in next two -- last two to 
three years. But for the future, as Dr. Suresh mentioned, we have a very, very robust pipeline 
for products to be launched in 2022 and also in the future going forward. 
Page 8 of 20 

I • 	
; 	
INDIA LTD 
S. Ramesh 
Suresh Ramachandran 
Chetan Shah 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
So while we will not be able to estimate exactly how much revenue these products will 
generate, but we continue to be very optimistic and confident that these products should show 
very good results in the next few years. 
In terms of weak base and the prospects for improving acreage as well as the healthy farm 
income, what is the sense you have in terms of the volume growth for the agrochemical 
business as a whole for the Kharif season? How do you see that? 
Generally, if you look at the monsoon has just started hitting the Kerala Coast, there is a lot 
of optimism within the farming community channel as well as within the -- among the 
industry peers. The challenge, of course, like every year it remains to be seen -- the monsoon 
to be seen. The commodity prices are high and the farmers would be investing on the crop, 
the acreages of key crops like cotton, chilis, paddy are likely to go up. And we are quite 
optimistic the Kharif Season will be good. 
Of course, everything depends on monsoon. It has to spread in time, distribute across the 
geographies. If it happens, for sure, both volume growth will definitely be coming as in last 
year. 
So another thing I would like to highlight is that new science or the new technology, the 
products which are coming in, the new products, it will not always show a volume growth 
because these new technologies arc used in a very lower quantities as compared to the 
traditional ones. 
So you may see a tremendous value growth from these products. But volumes cannot always 
match the value. So like -- I mean, just to give you an example, if there is a more efficient 
product for a crop, a farmer may be using, say, 1 liter per acre, a traditional product. But 
against that, he may do only 200 grams of new products. And he will get more effect by 
using that new product as compared to a traditional product. 
So many times, the volume and value is not always matching. All new scientific 
technological products will always have a lower volume per acre as compared to the older 
ones. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal 
Chetan Shah 
Ankur Periwal 
Chetan Shah 
Congratulations for a rich show on the margin expansion front. So first question on the 
domestic side and especially given that the stance that we have taken in terms of passing 
through the RM inflation, your thoughts on how should one look at the volume ramp-up 
here? Where I'm coming from is that while the monsoon is expected to be good, there will be 
an on-ground differential in terms of our prices versus the competition prices, given most of 
the competition has not done a significant pass-through there. So your comments over there? 
As I mentioned earlier, I think we are very confident and we are very, very sure that the kind 
of work that we have done and the kind of demand we are -- our products are generating at 
farmers' level, we will be in a better position to pass on the cost increases if at all it comes. 
However, I mean, having said that we are not seeing the type of trend which we saw last year 
of price increases, we are not seeing that to the same extent in the current months. 
So I think the prices have stabilized, more or less. And I don't think there is any trigger to 
increase the raw material input cost by a significant -- in a significant way going forward. 
If we maintain our pricing as of today, current prices, we should be fine to protect our 
margins. 
Sure. And this outlook should be the same for generics as well as specialty within the 
domestic portfolio? Or maybe specialty should bounce back given the... 
Yes, yes. To that, we have three different divisions or three different portfolios. One is 
specialty, as you said, we see the same trend over there. No issues there. The second 
Page 9 of 20 

J;,TION10 CIIE7,IICAL INDIA LTD 
Ankur Periwal 
Chetan Shah 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
portfolio, which is our generic premium generate, that is where we have built huge brands, 
huge volumes of those products. We don't see any difficulty in that too. 
Yes, the difficulty can come in the third category, which is pure generic, where we may not 
be in a position to pass on the entire cost increases in a total manner in those products, which 
-- that portfolio is around 10% to 11% of our total agrochemical business. 
So that portfolio is subject -- to subjected to price volatility or market situation or things like 
that. But in the first 2 categories, we don't see any problems at all. 
Great, sir. Another thing on the export side, if you can highlight how one should look at 
because there has been a pretty healthy ramp up in the LATAM market and which you 
highlighted backed by the product registrations there. So one, are there certain more 
registrations which are planned and which can probably increase this number significantly? 
And second, within exports, how has been the breakup between the specialty and the generic 
part? 
Yes. So in Latin America, the next round of registrations, which we are thinking about is 
going to be the new project that we will put up in our new site, which is Dahej. There, we are 
talking about few products for Latin America, which we'll have to register - the process of 
which will start. That's a longer process, long term process. But that we already have 
identified the products for that, and we'll soon start the registration efforts in Latin America 
for those products. 
Besides that, we don't have anything else in pipeline for Latin America. We have got all the 
registrations which were in pipeline. And I think we would concentrate on building on 
volumes of those products in the next two to three years, we would like to grow that business 
to its maximum potential. 
So I'm sorry, your second question was the specialty and generic... 
Ankur Periwal 	
Yes, the mix between the export. How has the specialty part grown? Is there a volumetric 
growth there? Or it's largely inflation... 
Chetan Shah 
Ankur Periwal 
In exports? You arc asking in exports. Yes. So in exports, we have grown by volume in 
specialty products, which we manufacture at our Tarapur plant, which has gone up 
substantially high. We see very good demand coming forward. As a matter of fact, this new 
project, which will come online in 23, we will -- we are expanding that capacity as well as 
part of the new project, and we see a good demand of that product. So yes, volumes have 
gone up in those -- in specialty product for that export market. 
Sure, sir. And a large part of this expansion, just a clarification, is coming slightly back-
ended, right? One project you mentioned is coming in the second half and the rest will be 
more like Q4. So FY '24 should see a higher benefit... 
Chetan Shah 	
Ql of the financial year '23-'24. 
Kunal Mittal 	
One project in Q2 current year and one project in Q1 next year. So in '23-'24, we should 
hopefully have the entire revenue for all these products. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital. 
Prashant Biyani 	
In first half last year, con call, you mentioned about getting registration for chlorpyriphos and 
aluminum phosphide in LATAM. So post that, in second half, have you got any registrations 
in LATAM or U.S. market or even in African market? 
Chetan Shah 	
In U.S. market, we have got registration for aluminum phosphide. Unfortunately, the 
registration came with some error, which we are sending back for correction. We are 
Page 10 of 20 

i OM() CHL;L',1 iCA I INCOA LTD_ 
Kunal Mittal 
Prashant Biyani 
Chetan Shah 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
expecting it very soon because it's only a correction. And that business will start. We have 
got order position on aluminum phosphide for U.S. already. And we'll start that export. 
Chlorpyriphos registration in Latin America came through, aluminum phosphide registration 
in Latin America came through and we have started the shipments. That has already 
commenced. And as I mentioned earlier, the other registration are little bit long term. 
We have got some new registrations, and the sales will start from this current year, African 
season, agricultural season. So we are looking forward to that. 
Some other product which Shah san mentioned, so these registration have already come in 
last year, as was explained earlier by Mr. Shah and Dr. Suresh. And some of this registration 
we got last year in LATAM, and that has, I think, contributed to our growth in last year. 
Yes. And sir, for one of the answers to earlier participant, you called -- you said that you 
have identified the products for future. Sir, can you name those products which you will 
register for LATAM markets from our Dahej site? 
No, that is a little long term and little confidential. So -- but they are all very interesting 
products. We have done -- our R&D has already processed all those products that we have --
we are confident that we can do it. A lot of lab scale trials of those products are over. And 
due to some confidentiality issues, we cannot name the products, but they're all very 
interesting products. And we are very familiar with it. Our R&D has already passed or 
already given us a go-ahead that they can manage this without any issues. 
Prashant Biyani 	
And this will manufacture from our new plant in the Dahej? 
Chetan Shah 	
Yes. So one is our existing sites, which will come in August or third quarter of this year. 
Another is in our existing capacity, which will come in the first quarter of the next financial 
year. And after that, it will take around two years -- two to three years to put up the entire site 
of Dahej. So that is our current plan. 
Prashant Biyani 	
So after three years, we'll get benefit of these new registrations provided we get a... 
Chetan Shah 
Kunal Mittal 
Yes. No, we are putting up that plant in Dahej in any case. We will put up the plant. And we 
will get the registrations in due time. Registration process is very, very cumbersome in Latin 
America or very hard, I would say, not cumbersome, but very hard and we are working 
towards that. 
And I think just to add, I think whatever Dr. Shah san has mentioned. See, this year explained 
are coming at our existing site. At our existing site like Bhavnagar and other sites, we still 
have some scope and room available for expansion, which will take care [Technical Issues] 
Existing products, capacity enhancement, if something comes up and all those kind of things. 
And then this next level of products, which our R&D is working may come up at the new 
site. 
Prashant Biyani 	
Right. Sir, we also doubled Tebuconazole capacity sometime back. So at what utilization 
levels are we running that plant currently? 
Chetan Shah 	
We are at 90% plus. 
Prashant Biyani 	
So any plans of doubling it further? 
Chetan Shah 	
So we have some plans of further expanding it. We are watching or we are tracking the 
demand of Tebuconazole in Latin America and other markets, Europe and Latin America. 
And I think if we see the trends, we can very quickly expand the Tebuconazole. 
Prashant Biyani 	
And lastly, sir, on the domestic side, how has been the demand till date in Q I ? 
Page 11 of 20 

.0 SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Chetan Shah 	
Well, we have finished one month, while we cannot give the figures, but I can just assure you 
we are okay. We are absolutely comfortable. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Jay Shah from Capital PMS. 
Jay Shah 	
Congratulations for a great set of numbers and a great performance. Sir, I just wanted to ask 
you question on what the business strategy is like going ahead? Are we going to focus more 
on the development of active ingredients or more on the formulations? Because sir, what is 
happening is because of this China plus one, a lot of Indian companies are basically 
procuring the key molecules from, say, someone like Arysta or Monsanto, but at the same 
time, if some Indian companies like us, who can actually have the ability to develop key 
ingredients and tap the local market. So do you think that is -- that also will he a part of our 
plan going ahead? 
Chetan Shah 
Jay Shah 
Chetan Shah 
Well, as I've said in the past also, we are not focusing only on export or only on domestic or 
only on actives that only on formulations. We are looking at the overall growth. So in actives 
also we want to expand, in our brands also we want to expand. We want to expand in 
domestic market, we want to expand in exports. 
So we arc having a very all-rounded type of growth, not only in one segment of our business. 
So we want a more diversified portfolio. We want more diversified actives and formulation 
combinations. We are also working on various combination products in formulation. 
Now all -- it doesn't mean that because we are going to introduce new combination 
formulation, we will not concentrate on actives. We also want to concentrate on actives. So 
we want to give a more consolidated growth and not in one particular area of our business. 
And to your question about China. Yes, you are right in a way that there is some interest 
being shown in Indian manufacturing and our government and our honorable prime minister 
also is pushing Make In India and giving a lot of talks on come to India and manufacture et 
cetera, but I would like to share my personal thoughts on this. 
See, China is too big and to expect that people will drop China and come to other countries is 
a wishful thinking. I don't think because of the sheer size of operations. The companies 
cannot shift out of China totally. But even if we can shift, say 5%, which is a big number, 
according to me. It will be too good for India. So we have to work towards it, but at the same 
time, we have to be mindful that to shift China out of that manufacturing capabilities is not 
going to be an easy task. 
Absolutely. And sir, second question was, in general, in the Europe export market or even 
Indian market, what do you see is the more split like going towards? Is it more of herbicide 
and insecticides that are in demand rather than a fungicide or because we are seeing in a lot 
of companies, they are very bullish on the herbicide segment as compared to the other two. 
So as far as herbicides are concerned for European market, we don't have any product. So we 
are dependent on European market, mostly for fungicides. And now very good opportunities 
are existing in Europe to export our bioproducts or biological products. 
So we have formed a task force for this, and we are trying to see the possibilities of 
registering our existing brands, which we are manufacturing already for domestic market and 
some we are exporting to Far East Asia. We are trying to register those brands in Europe, and 
we see a lot of potential of these products in European market in time to come. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Nishita Doshi from IDFC Mutual. 
Nishita Doshi 	
So basically, you mentioned that in LATAM, it's a very difficult process to register. Plus, 
we'll be evaluating process of registering existing products in Europe. So if you could share 
what would be the time required to register a particular product in Europe, U.S. and 
LATAM? 
Page 12 of 20 

44). 	
niviC) 	 rit-)1A co). 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Chetan Shah 	
Europe, these products, which we are talking about, it may get two to three years. And 
LATAM process is generally five to seven years. But if we start today, I think we'll make up 
the time when we are in production, we should be able to export. 
So we have to work backwards and we have to see how the planning goes. 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
What Chetan bhai has mentioned is of a broad -- general time line. It also depends on what 
kind of data package we have. If some of the data is already available, it could shorten the 
time line. It also depends on what kind of data that we have. It depends on the molecule also. 
Nishita Doshi 	
Okay. And in U.S. market, we got a registration for aluminum phosphide. So how many 
registrations are still pending in the U.S. market and similarly in Europe because in LATAM, 
you have already mentioned that there are no pending registrations left. 
Chetan Shah 	
Yes. There are no pending registration in the U.S. or in Europe as well. We are trying to get 
some registrations for formulated products in Latin America. And yes, mainly in Latin 
America. 
Nishita Doshi 	
Okay. So then... 
Chetan Shah 	
That time line of registration is shorter because we just have to do the equivalents and we can 
export the products on the basis of endorsement of existing registrations of our affiliate 
company. 
Nishita Doshi 
Chetan Shah 
Okay. Sir, that's helpful. I also had a question on the working capital side. So currently, our 
working capital is a bit stretched because of higher inventory levels, but we have done a good 
job on the receivables part. So in a normalized situation, assuming there is no such higher 
inventory for volatile raw materials, what would be our normal working capital days that you 
would like to work with? 
Yes. So I'll answer it in these two parts. The existing one, which you are seeing, you are very 
rightly observed that since inventories are higher -- this was a deliberate decision by the 
management to keep higher inventory in view of' the rising prices and in view of being ready 
for the Kharif season, we deliberately increased our inventory level. So this has not gone 
higher by chance, but it is more by design, which is absolutely in line with our expectation 
and our thing. And if the things -- all the things were normal, we would like to keep our 
inventory days at 100 days. 
Nishita Doshi 	
Okay. And receivable days of that would be how many days? 
Chetan Shah 	
Total working capital days to be 100. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. 
Rohit Nagraj 	
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question is, we are currently half way through 
the Q1 and for Kharif season. So have we taken further price increases, as you have 
mentioned earlier in your commentary that probably will have to price increase. So have we 
exercised them both for the domestic as well as export market? 
Chetan Shah 
Rohit Nagraj 
Yes. So as I said that we have done those analysis and our pricing as of today is based on our 
1st April costing. And which we are seeing to be stable so fn. And the Kharif season has just 
started or will just start. The monsoons have just arrived and it will spread hopefully in next 
two weeks. And then the entire Kharif season will start proper operations. 
All right. Got it, sir. Sir, second question is now we will be starting the first project for our 
parent. So what is deterring us from taking or deterring the parent from providing us more 
orders? Is it that the first project will get completed and then only they will look for 
incremental set of orders? 
Page 13 of 20 

CI-IC.MICAL INDIA LTD 
Chetan Shah 
Kunal Mittal 
Masanori Uzawa 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
And for any such opportunity, are we confined by our parent, if there is an outsourcing 
opportunity or a similar kind of project, which comes from another global MNC. Do we have 
-- I mean can we consider it or we'll have to do outsourcing only for our parent? 
No. I think we, here at Sumitomo Chemical India, are very grateful and very fortunate that 
our parent company has given us a free hand and we are operating at Sumitomo Chemical 
India. So there is no restrictions put by the parent company for us to explore anything that is 
available for our expansions or our growth. So that is very, very clear. So we are not afraid of 
that. 
But what we want or what we are doing as of today, is that whatever products we can get 
from our parent company, we are giving that as a priority. But it doesn't mean that if that is 
tomorrow, say, some products are not coming, and we can get some products from elsewhere, 
I'm sure that we can do it. There is no issue at all on that. 
And just to clarify, I think we are already producing one product for our parent company, 
SCC. So it is not the first project which we are doing. One product is already under there 
since last few years where we have expanded the volumes. The second big project is likely to 
start commercial production this year. And there are four or five products which are already 
approved under implementation which should start generating revenue from next year. So 
there are multiple products. And overall, there are also talks and discussions at how we can 
expand it to further more products. 
And we also have on the call, I think, from our parent company, SCC, Non-Executive 
Director of our Board, Mr. Masanori Uzawa. So Uzawa san, if you want to add anything on 
this question from your side? 
Sure. What you can be very confident about is that like Shah-san and Kunal-san mentioned, 
there is no restriction that the SCIL — SC India was put by Sumitomo Chemicals for pursuing 
their business growth. 
I mean SC India's business growth is exactly equal to SCC Tokyo's business growth. So what 
we, SCC Tokyo, is doing is provide the active ingredients and molecules, as many as possible 
and then provide good access to our global affiliates, global sales footprint. 
So the future business growth of this company, SC India looks pretty much right from our 
SCC Tokyo's viewpoint. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Saurabh from AMSEC. 
Saurabh 
Chetan Shah 
Sir, on the export side, specifically on the countries like Africa, Europe, where we have seen 
numbers to be flat or slightly decline. So what are our strategy for those countries? And also 
this time, we have also Australia as a separate geography. So if you can highlight our strategy 
in that country as well. 
Yes. So Africa, Saurabh, what happened is in last year in '21-'22, Africa was very much 
affected by COVID, and also a few countries in Africa witnessed a lot of political turmoils, 
foreign exchange requirements, I think they just dried up. So we had to be very careful in our 
operations in Africa. And we had to slow down our pace in African markets because of all 
these reasons. 
And going forward, we have a very robust plan to improve Africa business because we have 
the set-up there. We have our footprint there. We have our brands there, very popular brands, 
et cetera. And we need to revamp African business in view of whatever we have witnessed in 
last year, which we are doing it or planning to do this in the current year. And hopefully, we 
should see Africa business grow. 
Saurabh 	
And sir, your comments on Australia? 
Page 14 of 20 

4. SUMITOMO CIA:MK:Ai_ INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Chetan Shah 
Kunal Mitts! 
Australia is for us -- Australia is a little bit of a seasonal business. Our major export to 
Australia is a product called zinc phosphide. So there is a cyclic problem in Australia as far 
as zinc phosphide is concerned. So last year was very good for us. I think we may not expect 
the same volumes of zinc phosphide in current year. But in the following year, again -- it's a 
bit of a cyclic business as far as Australia is concerned. 
And your query about Europe business, I think in Europe last two or three years, there were 
some products which got banned because of the regulatory challenges, so that could have 
impacted the overall operations in Europe. 
Saurabh 	
Okay. And second question is on domestic. So in domestic, if you can give the products or 
new product launch pipeline for FY '23 in 9(3) and 9(4) category? And also specifically on 
the PGR side, you mentioned there was an issue in the PGR, which led to the degrowth in 
this particular portfolio. So what number of products we are launching in PGR and how do 
we look at the growth in this segment as well? 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
We have at least two PGR products that are expected to be launched in FY '22-'23. And also 
at least six or seven products over the next couple of years in different portfolios like 
insecticides, herbicides and fungicides that are lined up. But it all depends on the regulatory 
approval time lines. Based on our internal estimates, we should be able to launch all of these 
products in the next -- starting from this Kharif further down the line for -- in about 18 
months or so, all these products. 
Saurabh 	
So how many of the six to eight products will be 9(3) and what will be 9(4)? 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
All of them are 9(3) products. 
Saurabh 	
So these are coming from the parent portfolio or the combination products we are launching? 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
Some of them are coming from parent company, some comes from our affiliate from the U.S. 
and some are existing products, which are combination products. We made newer 
combinations, and we have submitted the dossier and it is undergoing the regulatory review. 
So it's a mix of everything, I would say. 
Moderator 	
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Dhavan Shah 
Chetan Shah 
I have a question on the generic and specialty. So we have seen the ramp-up in the specialty 
revenue contribution in FY '21. And thereby, the gross margin improvement was also 
meaningful. So how are we seeing this portfolio will develop over the period of time because 
that constitutes roughly 30-odd percent to the overall revenue right now? And I think you 
mentioned in the earlier con call that the gross margin for this segment is more than 40-odd 
percent. And you also mentioned that around six to eight new products from the 9(3) will be 
launched in the upcoming 18 months plus, I think, five new molecules will be supplied to the 
parent. So how this portfolio will develop over the period of time? And what is our endeavor 
for this segment in terms of the revenue contributions - two, three years down the line, if you 
can help on these things? 
See, we are very cautious on the fact that for our growth, our sustainable growth, specialty 
portfolio is extremely important. And we focus on this portfolio, the most. And we work --
this is a portfolio which generates demand from the field level. So we are very much on that 
and this portfolio will keep on increasing. We cannot be stagnant in the specialty portfolio at 
all. 
So you -- as you have seen in the past that this portfolio is growing almost every year to a 
significant level, our endeavor will be to do the same for next coming years. Whether it'd be 
from our existing specialty products or additional specialty products or maybe from our 
active ingredient exports or whatever. But this group has to grow for our own survival and 
our own growth. So that will be -- that is the most focused portfolio in our entire group of 
portfolios. 
Page 15 of 20 

CHLMICAI, INDIA LTD. 
Dhavan Shah 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Okay. So sir, these six to eight new products that was mentioned in the last question-answer, 
so that is into the specialty portfolio and the new five molecules which will be supplying to 
the Japanese parent, so that will also be a part of Specialty one? Is this understanding correct 
or not? 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
The products that are to be supplied to Sumitomo Japan is a different set -- that's basically 
manufacturing and supply, right? 
Kunal Mittal 	
Yes, manufacturing, and in domestic market, many of these products are already there. 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
They are already there. With regard to the products that I talked about, six to eight products 
in the next 18 months, majorly would be in Specialty division. Most of them are specialty 
products, and some of them could be launched through other divisions as well. 
Chetan Shah 	
We may also launch both in specialty and premium generics. So that will depend on the 
product strategy that we develop. 
Dhavan Shah 
Suresh Ramachandran 
Chetan Shah 
Dhavan Shah 
Chetan Shah 
Okay. Okay. And in terms of the market size, would it be possible to share the six to eight 
new products? What kind of market are we expecting to gain over the period of time in terms 
of the revenue scale or any highlights on that? 
I think it's going to be very difficult to quantify. The simple reason is some of the segments 
we have to develop. Today, there is no segment or it is a very small segment. But our 
products based on all our trials that we have seen really delivers good benefit to the farmers, 
which way -- it would be very difficult to predict any numbers for these things because it's 
going to be a little long-term process in developing this segment. 
Let me also add to what Suresh-ji said, we are investing a lot of time and money in 
introducing this product. And unless and until we are confident that this will yield results, we 
will not be spending that kind of time and money into this. So all these products are very 
promising and they are -- some of the products are special products for, say, apple, some of 
them are very special products for rice, Some of them are very special products for wheat. 
So we have seen this segment. We have made a lot of trials. We have collected a lot of data, 
and we know that this product will work. 
Now how much volume it will generate, it is after introduction that we can decide that, yes, 
now this product has delivered these results. Now we can expect second year to grow this, for 
third year to grow this much. They are all very exciting, promising products. 
Got it, sir. So my last one is on these --1 mean, the category-wise growth. So we have seen --
herbicide contributing roughly 21 -- herbicide growth was roughly 28% for this fiscal, that is 
mainly because of the higher glyphosate prices. The fungicide also grew around 16-odd 
percent. So how are we seeing the category-wise growth for the coming few years? I mean 
which category will grow faster than the other ones? If you can help on this. 
No. I think we have one herbicide besides Glycel, which we are very excited about. That is 
growing year after year. And we have big plans to grow that particular molecule in the Indian 
domestic market. Fungicides, we are doing well in any case. And the other portfolio that we 
would like to increase as we have two, three new products in that category is PGR and 
biorationals. That will grow for sure. 
Moderator 	
The next question from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers. 
Gagan Thareja 	
Sir, my first question pertains to your export growth. I think in the previous call, you did 
indicate that the export growth that we've seen thus far in that -- in fiscal FY '22 is 
sustainable. Do you maintain that the FY '22 export growth is sustainable going ahead? 
Chetan Shah 	
Yes, it is. 
Page 16 of 20 

+ SUMITOMO CI IF:MIChi_ INDIA LTD_ 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Gagan Thareja 
Chetan Shah 
Gagan Thareja 
Chetan Shah 
Gagan Thareja 
Kunal Mittal 
Right. Okay. And could you also elaborate a little more on the opportunity of aluminum 
phosphide in U.S.? Because I think you will be starting a sales contribution or revenue 
contribution from that product in FY '23? 
Yes. It is -- as I said, we have got order position on that product. And I think if everything 
goes well, and this corrected registration comes on time, we are looking at least 100 tonnes of 
aluminum phosphide in the first year to the U.S. market. 
And for the three products in LATAM, I mean, you have a hiatus of two to three years before 
you get new registrations for LATAM, what's the possible scale that you could take these up 
to from where you are right now in tonnage terms? I mean, if today you are at x rate , let's 
say, three years down the line, what you envision is a possibility there? 
So this market is huge, and we can -- if everything goes well, I think one of the products that 
we are exporting to Latin America, say, we are at around 100 tonnes today. I mean, last year, 
since '21-'22, we did around 120 tonnes. We have an opportunity to go up to 300 tonnes for 
that product. 
There is another product which is -- which we are selling quite a lot, which is Tebuconazole. 
And if this Tebuconazole combination product in Latin America, that picks up as expected, 
the demand can be more. So that's why I talked about expanding our capacities very quickly 
if that happens. So there is a scope on increasing the volumes of that product as well. 
And the third product, which we are exporting in a large way is chlorpyriphos, which also has 
a tremendous high demand in Latin America. And depending on our domestic brands and 
domestic sales of that product, we have a flexibility of switching over to exports if we want. 
So there is a scope in all the three products to expand current volumes to extra volumes in the 
coming years. 
And the Tebuconazole combo for the parent, at what sort of contribution or sale level would 
put the combo stand for the parent today? I think the aspiration was to take it up to USD1 
billion, if I have it correctly? 
I think this $1 billion number which our parent company had mentioned was a combination 
of multiple products. This is one of those products. And I don't think actual estimate on the 
potential of this product is, I think, not yet disclosed. And I think that is more like depending 
upon how the success goes for this product in LATAM or European market and all. But I 
think it's too early to quantify the overall potential of this product in the future. But yes, it is a 
very promising product. That is very clear. 
Chetan Shah 	
Yes. And we are increasing the volume, both in Latin America and Europe. So... 
Kunal Mittal 
Gagan Thareja 
Kunal Mittal 
And just to add that into whatever Shah san mentioned, that I think there is a big -- I think 
there is a good potential in the future to grow the volume. But I think LATAM is a very, very 
cost competitive market. There are many, many suppliers there. So we have to be continuing 
to be competitive. I think Shah san also touched upon this earlier. So we need to be confident 
that we can continue to maintain our cost position and competitiveness to be successful in a 
market like LATAM. 
Right. And on the domestic side, since the emphasis for growth is more on — herbicides, 
hiorational. PGR and so on and so forth, could you give us some idea as to how the sales mix 
or salience of these versus insecticides is likely to move over a three to five-year time frame 
for your domestic sales? 
See, when we are saying that we are focusing on these other segments, it is -- it does not 
mean and think that we are not focusing on insecticides in the product pipeline, there are 
products in insecticide also. So I think the mix may not change dramatically in the next few 
years. Even if you see the global market of 2021, while the talks are that, yes, the entire 
Page 17 of 20 

P,11)1A 	
I) 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
global market is moving towards herbicides and PGR but this the absolute growth, the 
highest growth has been registered in insecticides segments globally in agrochemicals. 
So we should not discount any of the segments. And as Shah san mentioned earlier, our focus 
will be towards all segments. Some may get higher growth. But even insecticides, there are 
product launches, they are in the pipeline, and it may also grow. 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
Just to add to what Kunal san mentioned, in terms of our infrastructure, we have the 
capabilities in all these three segments. We have a strong sales and marketing team. 
How do we maximize the opportunity coming through that in all the segments that will be --
our endeavor would be. There's nothing specific to insecticides, or herbicides. We can exploit 
all the opportunities that are present in the market. 
Gagan Thareja 	
And sir, one final question. You indicated that the quarter's margins were favorably impacted 
by the higher salience of exports. You also indicated that the salience of specialties is likely 
to increase in your mix simply because the emphasis is there and there's operating leverage. 
So I mean, would it then stand to reason that since higher gross margin businesses are going 
to see higher salience overall, it should ideally therefore, lead to higher gross margins or 
maybe higher operating margins, is it? 
Kunal Mittal 	
I think the first point, which you mentioned that the Q4, I think the exports margin were 
superior as compared to domestic, that may not be the true. I think both at exports and 
domestic, broadly, our margins are in similar range. And that is what our endeavor will be in 
the future. So because of these changes, like exports or domestic, we do not see any 
significant impact in our margin profile because of this. 
Gagan Thareja 	
Okay. And for glyphosate, you've come out of a strong season because of the pricing. But 
going ahead, how do you foresee volume growth here? I mean I'm referring to two aspects. 
One is I mean the season for corn coming ahead? And second is the GMO registration that 
Bayer is trying to get for herbicide tolerant seeds? Do you see this plus ethanol blending in 
any case, helping the glyphosate volumes in the coming few years? 
Suresh Ramachandran 	
I would think so, glyphosate is likely to grow. As you rightly mentioned, Bayer is expected to 
register the GMO cotton. We don't know the time frame, it may take two years, three years. 
So that is likely to increase the overall volume. Once cotton comes probably, corn would also 
come, corn would also follow cotton probably a couple of years down the road. So -- and 
given the labor problem and the continued increase, it looks the molecule would continue to 
grow, and that would be demand. 
Chetan Shah 	
And also, we have filed already the registration with all the required data for expansion of 
crops on glyphosate. So that also is in pipeline. We are registering it for a label expansion on 
cotton and grapes. 
Gagan Thareja 	
Cotton and which one, sir? 
Chetan Shah 	
Grapes. 
Moderator 	
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, the Management will be taking 
one last question. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investment. 
Vignesh Iyer 
Chetan Shah 
Congratulations on great set of numbers in such challenging circumstances. Sir, I just have 
two questions on my side. The first one is I just want to know what is the capacity utilization 
of technical-grade pesticide plants and the one on Gajod? If you could quantify a blended 
capacity utilization would also do. 
I think in all our active technical plants, in Bhavnagar, it is 90% plus. In Tarapur, it may be 
95% plus. I'm not saying 100% because it's not right to 100%, but it's 95% plus. And in 
Gajod, it will be around 85% plus. 
Page 18 of 20 

H.1;',11) 	
PAIIA 1tj 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Vignesh Iyer 	
Okay. 
Kunal Mittal 	
And capacities are continuously like every year whenever we face constraint in our 
capacities, they are marginally increased year-on-year, every one year, two year, three years 
as per the need, 
Vignesh Iyer 	
Okay. As in you're seeing more like debottlenecking type, right? 
Kunal Mittal 	
Yes, yes. 
Vignesh Iyer 	
Okay. I got it. I got that. Yes. The next question is on more on the accounting side of it. Sir, if 
you could guide me on understanding that the other financial assets under current assets seem 
to have grown to INRI74 crore in FY '22 as compared to INRI 6.8 crore. If you could tell me 
what mainly is the content that has increased so much, like almost -- if you could help me 
understand? 
Kunal Mittal 	
Can you please repeat this? What other? 
Vignesh Iyer 	
No, other financial assets under current assets is standing at around INRI,740 million 
compared to INRI 68 million, if you could give us give me the content of what constitutes 
that INRI,740 million. 
Kunal Mitts! 	
This would be some of the CapEx advances that we have paid for land. I think these are 
largely related to some of the advances which we had paid last year or earlier period for some 
of the land to be bought, which is now in converted into asset now. 
Vignesh Iyer 	
But then ideally, it should not be on the current assets, right? I mean it is still an asset, land is 
an asset. So I just wanted to know because current asset... 
Kunal Mittal 	
Now it has become asset, last year it might be in the current assets. 
Vignesh Iyer 	
Okay. Okay. Fine. Got it. So in September balance sheet would be properly readjusted? 
Anil Nawal 	
Yes. 
Moderator 	
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sushil Marfatia for closing comments. 
Sushil Marfatia 	
Thank you, everyone. Namaste, everyone. Thank you for all your asking some of the very 
interesting questions and our colleagues, I feel, I'm sure we have addressed your questions to 
your satisfaction. 
As you are aware, domestic crop prices are experiencing a catch-up really with global prices, 
which augurs well for the farmers, farm economics in general, ahead of the Kharif season. 
Several weather forecasting agencies anticipate a normal monsoon this year. which would be 
positive for the Indian agrochemical industry. Thus, agriculture inputs demand is expected to 
remain robust and steady in FY 2023, led by normal monsoon conditions and increasing 
farmers' income, this, despite margin pressure due to spike in the cost of raw materials. Going 
forward, the industry is likely to take further price hikes ahead of the Kharif season as the 
raw material prices continue to remain elevated. 
We expect our sector to continue showing strong performance in '22-'23. Currently, usage of 
agriculture in Indian agriculture sector is almost the lowest in the world. Thus the overall 
outlook for the Indian agrochemical is expected to improve as farmers increasingly realize 
that usage of good quality agrochomical products assist them in high yield and better quality 
and income prospects. 
Various reforms and initiatives are taken by the government and the authorities with an aim 
of improving agriculture productivity will lead to better future for all stakeholders involved. 
Page 19 of 20 

• SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Moderator 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Our diversified business model, which we have created over the last several years, has 
enabled us to consistently grow over the last few years and will allow us to sustain this 
performance as we look to make gains in our business across all of our product verticals. 
Thank you for taking out your time and participating in our conference call. We pray and 
hope for a good monsoon season, which is very important, not just for the company or for our 
industry, it is important for Indian agriculture, for food security and overall economy. Thank 
you very much. 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Sumitomo Chemical India Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Page 20 of 20 
