June 6, 2022 
To 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500214 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Pursuant to our letter dated May 25, 2022, we enclose herewith communication relating to 
conference call as per Regulation 30(6) Para A of Part A of Schedule ill of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
The said conference call with the Institutional Investor/ Analyst on Tuesday, May 31, 2022 was to 
discuss the financial performance of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2022. The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
disclosed 
on 
website 
of 
the 
company 
1.e. 
www.ionexchangeglobal.com 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary 
" 
ION EXCHANGE (INDIA) LTD. I GIN: L74999MH1964PLC014258 
Regd. Office: Ion House, Dr. E. Moses Road, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011, India. 
Board: +91 22 6231 2000 I Fax: +91 22 2493 8737 I E-mail: ieil@ionexchange.co.in I Web: www.ionindia.com 
Offices: Bengaluru I Bhubaneswar I Chandigarh I Chennai I Hyderabad I Kolkata I Lucknow I New Delhi I Pune I Vadodara I Vashi I Visakhapatnam 

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
Ion Exchange India Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ion 
Exchange India Limited Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm 
welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors we represent the Investor Relations of Ion Exchange 
India Limited. On behalf of the company I would like to thank 
you all for participating in the company’s Earnings Call for the 
Fourth Quarter and Financial Year Ended 2022.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today’s concall 
may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 

 
Page 2 of 28 
statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to 
management. Audiences are caution not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings call is 
purely to educate and bring awareness about the company 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating 
with us in today’s earnings call and I will hand it over to them 
for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Aankur Patni  
Executive Director, Mr. N M Ranadive Group Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Vasant Naik Executive Vice President of Finance 
and Mr. Milind Puranik Company Secretary. Now without any 
further delay, I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It is a pleasure 
to welcome you to the earnings conference call for the fourth 
quarter, and for the financial year ended 21-22. Let me first 
take you through the financial performance of our company 
on a consolidated basis for the fourth quarter. The operating 
income for the quarter was INR 4964 million, an increase of 
11.5% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA reported was INR 951 
million, an increase of 11% year-on-year and the EBITDA 
margin stood at 19.16%. Net profit after tax reported was INR 
832 million, an increase of 18% year-on-year while the PAT 

 
Page 3 of 28 
margin percentage was 16.76%. For the financial year ended 
21-22 on a consolidated basis, the operating income stood at 
INR 15769 million, an increase of around 9% year-on-year, 
operating EBITDA stood at INR 2132 million, an increase of 
5.4%. The EBITDA margins reported was 13.5% and net profit 
was at INR 1617 million and increase of about 13%. PAT 
margin was reported around 10.25%.  
Coming to the segmental operational performance in the 
engineering division, our revenue for the quarter was INR 
3208 million, an increase of about 10%. The EBIT for the 
quarter for this segment was INR 732 million an increase by 
about 31% on a year-on-year basis. For the financial year 
ended 2021-22, the revenue from this segment was INR 9351 
million, a slight decrease of 0.6% and EBIT stood at 1068 
million an increase of about 7% compared to last year. 
Regarding the Sri Lanka order, the company in this quarter 
had commenced progressive handover of the completed 
stages of the project to the Sri Lanka Water Board. However, 
the uncertain economic outlook and the ensuing turmoil 
have impacted the pace of execution. We have since 
received further time extension from the customer for 
completion of the contract and we do not perceive any credit 
risk in this contract. The execution of the UP Jal Nigam 
project has picked up pace in this quarter, and the revenue 
has been recognized based on the work completion.  Further, 
the execution of other engineering contracts also picked up 

 
Page 4 of 28 
pace on the back of the higher order backlog. While the 
overall margins have improved, the rise in input cost 
remained a concern in this quarter. 
Coming to the order book as of 31st March 22, we continue 
to witness encouraging order flows both in the domestic and 
the international segments. Our order book stood at 
approximately INR 1267 crores, this excludes the Sri Lanka 
and the UP Jal Nigam order and if we add these two orders 
the total order book would be approximately INR 2674 
crores. Further, we have a bid pipeline of around 6700 
crores, which gives us strong revenue visibility for the next 
two three years from the engineering segment.  
Coming to the chemical division, the revenue for the quarter 
was INR 1515 million and increased by approximately 17% on 
a year-on-year basis. EBIT reported was INR 345 million, a 
decrease by 11% year-on-year. For the full year, the revenue 
from the chemical segment stood at INR 5579 million, an 
increase of 27% and EBIT stood at INR 1208 million, an 
increase of 14% compared to last year. The sales in the 
domestic segment continue to record steady growth. The 
export volumes have also improved with the relaxation in the 
COVID curbs. However, the logistic issues continue to 
hamper the dispatches. The increased raw material costs 
continue to put pressure on the margins in this segment. 
While the company has resorted to periodic price hikes, the 

 
Page 5 of 28 
volatility and rapidness of the cost increase impacted the 
margin.  
Coming to the consumer segment, the revenue for the 
quarter was INR 425 million, an increase about 13% on a 
year-on-year basis. The loss for the quarter in this segment 
was INR 16 million. And for the full year, the segment clocked 
revenue of around INR 1366 million, an increase of 26% year-
on-year and loss stood at INR 36 million as compared to INR 
37 million in the previous year. New product launches and 
the increased market coverage has resulted in sequential 
improvement in the turnover.  
With this we can now open the floor for the question-and-
answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Pratik Kothari 
with Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir my first question is on the other expense, we have seen 
this for the whole annual basis to grow much faster than 
revenue if you can throw some light on that? 
Management: 
The other expenditure primarily includes the majority of the 
expenses pertaining to the chemical segment and the 
consumer product segment. The Other expenses include for 
the chemical segment, the factory related expenses incl the 
utilities cost, and for the consumer product segment the 

 
Page 6 of 28 
marketing and the distribution cost. So broadly, they have 
increased in line with the turnover increases in these two 
segments. Further, we also have seen some increases in the 
freight cost during the year and that also is forming part of 
the other expenses. And lastly, the travel expenses with the 
relaxation in the COVID curbs, the business travel has re-
started. So that element of expenditures has also increased.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Couple of quarters back we had announced large greenfield 
CAPEX on the region side of 250 crores and on the other 
chemical side we were going send some Rs.50, Rs60 odd 
crores between FY22 and 23. But the CAPEX numbers don’t 
reflect that spending which should have. So as there’s been 
some delay in getting some clearances. Just an update on the 
CAPEX part? 
Management: 
Yes, the CAPEX is slightly delayed. We are still awaiting 
clearance from the relevant authority and as soon as that is 
available with the company, we will initiate the CAPEX as we 
have been announcing.  As of now it seems that we would 
not be able to complete this by the end of FY23, it will spill 
over to the first half of FY24. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay. Sir, any specific reasons regarding this delay? 
Management: 
The govt. signatory who is going to review this document is 
currently not available. Once the relevant gentleman is 
available, the document should get signed and released.  

 
Page 7 of 28 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay, fair enough. And sir what would be the volume growth 
that you are seeing on the chemical division for the whole 
year? 
Management: 
It’s actually very difficult to come back on specific volume 
details because there’s a very wide variance in the type of 
products which we deal in.  The profile of the chemicals, the 
margin profiles and even the units of measurements are 
different, therefore difficult to directly comment on what’s 
the changing volumes for the overall segment. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Asli 
from Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Asli: 
Just continuing on the last participant on the chemicals, 
could you help me out with the utilization level chemicals in 
Q4? 
Management: 
Overall capacity utilization would be in the range of around 
75%.  
Karan Asli: 
Okay, and this is for the fourth quarter? 
Management: 
This is for the fourth quarter. 
Karan Asli: 
Right. So, does that imply that has been no volume growth 
because in Q3 as well the utilization was 75% so sequentially, 
if we try to say that there has not been much volume? 

 
Page 8 of 28 
Management: 
For the chemicals side of business, the volumes have been 
more or less similar to what we have seen in the third quarter 
although, there would be variations somewhere in different 
product lines. But per se capacity utilization as a whole would 
be in the range of 75%.  
Karan Asli: 
Sure. And could you help me out with the CAPEX figures for 
FY22 and for FY23 and towards which segment would this 
CAPEX be for? 
Management: 
The overall CAPEX was in the region of around 49 crores. As 
we have mentioned in the earlier calls, we are in the process 
of enhancing the capacity of our membrane plant. Also we 
have gone into in terms of improving the capacities at our 
engineering divisions, and some incremental CAPEX has gone 
in the chemical divisions. So largely our totals 49 crores 
CAPEX is largely in this three business lines. In terms of the 
next year 2022-23, our total CAPEX will be in the region of 
around 60 to 70 crores. And here again, the major CAPEX 
would be in completing the capacity enhancement of our 
membrane facility plus the incremental CAPEX which we do 
every year in the region of 15 to 20 crore in our chemical 
segments, that will continue.  
Karan Asli: 
Sure, sir very helpful, and just a quick question for if I can 
squeeze in sir. Last three years engineering we’ve seen the 
revenue roughly the range of about 935 to 940 crores So, 

 
Page 9 of 28 
what is the outlook going forward, could we hope to sort of 
crop that 1000 crore revenue mark in FY23? 
Management: 
We certainly expect to see a significant improvement on the 
engineering revenue in FY23. We have a very strong order 
book at this point of time and we are also witnessing a good 
inquiry bank.  Prospects of converting further orders are also 
bright and we should be looking at a good growth over what 
we’ve seen in the previous year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari 
with Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, congratulation Mr. Patni and 
team for such a good numbers and very manageable and 
predictable EBITA performance. Sir, coming out from this 
two years challenging environment how do you look at 
engineering business per se in terms of education or 
preparedness because it seems that now, there should be a 
very high you say just now that there is a significant scope of 
improving revenue. So are we prepared for a higher numbers 
and higher execution orders, that is one question and second 
one, we are expecting some big order from international 
market, which yet not happening some of the reasons, if you 
can explain possibilities of getting those orders from 
international market and our preparedness to execute higher 
orders in current year? 

 
Page 10 of 28 
Management: 
We are quite well prepared to execute these orders and work 
at a much higher scale than currently. We keep augmenting 
our capacities and our ability to execute these projects. And 
we’ll be able to supplement current capacities as and when 
required. As regard international orders which we have been 
in discussion for quite some time, there is progress on these 
orders. And we are quite close to finalization on some of 
these contracts. But I still do not have anything to declare for 
at this point of time. We hope that we would be able to do 
so in the very near future.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Fine sir. And what’s your outlook compared to last two, three 
years’ experience and our preparedness, both the segments 
if you can little bit looking at the international scenario the 
people want now China plus one, extra source from Western 
world, people would like to source more from country like 
India, both the division how you see operation for next two, 
three, broad some thought process? 
Management: 
We are standing at a very interesting juncture with some of 
the threats post the pandemic seeming to be behind us. 
There seems to be an uptick in growth expectations across 
the board. India is certainly witnessing an increased flow of 
inquiries. Improvements also being witnessed in Southeast 
Asia, in the Middle East and in the other geographies. The 
one area of concern still is Europe, which is facing relatively 
higher impacts of the ongoing war. I do hope that we would 

 
Page 11 of 28 
be able to put these well behind us in the very near future. 
And once that happens, there is a robust economic recovery 
across the board, we should be seeing a substantial increase 
in opportunities for us.  In any case, we are quite expectant 
of good growth from the international markets as well as 
domestic markets.  The next three years’ outlook, I would say 
is quite good. 
Sunil Kothari: 
And in terms of chemical segment?  
Management: 
We have been growing well in our chemical business in the 
international market. There were some hiccups faced in the 
last couple of years arising out of logistic challenges, 
availability of containers and the cost of transportation.  This 
had slowed down our progress in the international markets. 
I do hope that in the coming year, we would be able to 
achieve much stronger growth as compared to the last 
couple of years.  Substantial increase in the resin capacity is 
anticipated in the next couple of years. That should give a 
good boost in terms of revenues coming from the resin 
business.  Both of these together should help to achieve good 
growth from the chemical segment. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Yes, sir. And my last question is some outlook on margin for 
current year, both the division? 
Management: 
On an overall basis, I am quite hopeful that we will be able to 
improve margins, if the raw material prices soften a little bit. 

 
Page 12 of 28 
They have been at the escalated level for quite some time 
now. And once that happens the margin expansion should 
take place. But even so conservatively we should maintain 
the full year margin similar to what we have achieved in the 
past year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ishrat Khatri 
from Omkara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Sir I wanted to understand the margins for the engineering 
business. So we see that we’ve had one of the highest 
margins that we’ve ever reported. And we saw similar trend 
in Q4 last year as well. So is there a seasonal trend that we 
can expect going ahead and one, why was the margin so high, 
I understand it should possibly not be sustainable, but any 
reason for the margins been so high? 
Management: 
We do witness a jump in margins in the last quarter of the 
financial year, this has been sort of a trend for some years 
now. It happens on count of multiple factors coming into play 
altogether. One of the key factors is the overall scale of 
operation in the last quarter.  It is much higher than what is 
witnessed in the other quarters. Therefore, we manage to 
leverage the fixed cost much better and the EBIT margins and 
EBITDA margins scale up on account of that. The other 
reasons are, we have slightly different mix of products and 
revenue contributions from slightly higher profit margin 
business tend to increase.  This also contributes to an 

 
Page 13 of 28 
increase in the overall margin.  Further we have been able to 
progressively pass on some of the cost which were at an 
escalated level.   This has also contributed to our overall 
margin.   If I have to talk about sustainability of these 
margins, I think the overall  margin % that we have reported 
for the entire year, that we should be in a position to repeat 
on a continuous basis. You would see variations from 
quarter-to-quarter, but the yearend margin of numbers 
should be almost at the same. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay, about 11%, 11.5% odd EBIT margins is what we made 
in FY22. So that according to you should be sustainable for 
the coming years as well? 
Management: 
That’s right. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay, also sir another question, I understand that situations 
are very uncertain in Sri Lanka and time and again, we have 
not been able to complete the Sri Lanka project, but just if 
you could throw some light on the situation that Sri Lanka I 
understand you’ve written that there is no credit risk for Sri 
Lanka and we should be able to get whatever 250 odd crores 
of unexecuted portion that is still there. But if you could just 
throw some light in terms of the execution the phase by 
when can we tentatively expect completion for this project? 
Management: 
The situation on the ground in Sri Lanka is quite uncertain, 
you would all be reading about the economic turmoil that the 

 
Page 14 of 28 
country has gone through and consequently, other 
challenges which they are facing. For us, the major challenge 
has been operational, because the availability of fuel, of 
manpower, of subcontractors, became a little bit 
unpredictable and uncertain, and led to slowdown in the 
pace of execution.  This has led to extension of the period of 
execution.  Now we have from the Sri Lankan Water Board, 
extension approved till the second quarter of the current 
financial year. We should be in a good position to complete 
this contract by that time, again hoping that the situation 
would be smooth on the ground for execution. We do not 
expect to have any credit risk because we’re not getting paid 
directly by the Sri Lankan government.  And plus, these 
payments are insured and guaranteed. So, with those things 
in place we do not really have any credit risk, but the pace of 
revenue recognition has slowed down and there is a little bit 
of an uncertainty about that.  We are going with the guidance 
of the concerned ministries and our insurers and  we would 
accordingly pace the execution. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay, got it sir. Sir, Ranadive sir mentioned that we’ll be 
doing about 60 to 70 Crore CAPEX for the chemicals business 
for this year. So, from what I remember the overall CAPEX 
was it 150 to 200 crores or was it 200 to 250 crores that we 
were intending to do for the business plan, the Greenfield 
CAPEX? 

 
Page 15 of 28 
Management: 
The Greenfield CAPEX would be significantly upwards of 200 
crores.  
Ishrat Khatri: 
So, out of that 60 to 70 crores should be in FY23 and you 
mentioned that by the end of first half of FY24 we expect 
completion so, our major chunk of it would be in FY24 is what 
I’m assuming? 
Management: 
So, the figure of 50 to 60 crores which was mentioned which 
would come in addition to the capex on the Greenfield 
project 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay. So, next year for the Greenfield what can be expect sir? 
Management: 
On account of the Greenfield project, while some portion of 
that expense would be incurred in current year, there will be 
a major portion of the expenditure in the later part of 
execution. But we are waiting for the EC clearance to happen 
first. Based on when that happens we would be able to 
project what would happen in the current year.  
Ishrat Khatri: 
Sir meanwhile just one last thing, meanwhile at the resin 
plant at Ankleshwar we have enough capacities to grow, 
because you mentioned overall utilization for chemicals is 
70%. But for the resin plant specifically at Ankleshwar, I 
believe we used to run at over 90% utilization and we’ve 
done some brownfield as well. So what would be the 
utilization level for the Ankleshwar plant? 

 
Page 16 of 28 
Management: 
So, there is still some headroom available at Ankleshwar and 
we are also trying to see if we can incrementally make more 
adjustments there to augment capacities for the time being. 
There is substantial headroom available in our other 
chemical facility. So, for the chemical segment as a whole,  
we should be able to support quite a bit of growth during the 
coming year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Siddharth 
Malhotra an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Malhotra: 
My question was, just because the crude prices have 
remained high. Do we foresee any business from that 
particular area, oil and gas especially from the Middle East is 
that instead of financial sector for us for business going 
forward? 
Management: 
Oil & gas and refinery sectors are significant consumers of 
water treatment and wastewater treatment equipment and 
chemical products.  Therefore, an uptick in investments or 
operational levels of these facilities would have a consequent 
opportunity for companies like us. To the extent that the 
current level of prices sustain themselves and also leads into 
CAPEX plans, we see further business coming in. This is 
happening in India as well as in the international market. As 
you rightly identified Middle East is one of the important 
markets when it comes to this particular sector.  

 
Page 17 of 28 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of the Deepen 
Shah an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepen Shah: 
Sir most of the questions have been answered. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Analyst with 
B&K Securities India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Analyst: 
So, we actually starting some respite specific end consumer 
product business in terms of profit so, we actually could not 
be able to find this quarter so called.  So, when can we 
explore around this business?  
Management: 
We should almost certainly see a turnaround of that business 
in the current financial year that is FY23. The growth 
momentum has picked up which is evident if we compare 
quarter-to-quarter growth. We are seeing increased level of 
business even after the fourth quarter and this should 
translate into substantial improvement in the overall 
turnover of the business that should lead to positive EBITDA. 
That’s our belief as of now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Anupam Agarwal 
with Lucky investment. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Agarwal: My question was the same as earlier participant got the 
answer. Thank you so much. 

 
Page 18 of 28 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jai Nandoshi 
with PMS. Please go ahead. 
Jai Nandoshi: 
During the last concall, there was a discussion pertaining to 
the company’s role in purified water segment for the 
semiconductor business. And also it was mentioned that the 
company is into active discussions for some big 
opportunities. So, can you please provide some insights 
along with the numbers for the same if possible?  
Management: 
Yes, we continue to be interested in the opportunity and we 
are engaging in several discussions for potential contracts. 
There have been couple of prospects which have been 
converted and orders are with the company. But we are not 
publicly sharing details of each and every contract. And as 
such, I can only reflect that the opportunity remains 
interesting and we will hopefully continue to convert more 
of these opportunities. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan 
from Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan: 
One question on your project business, how is the 
International pipeline looking like and is there a rethink on 
this part of the business at all, given the rather unpleasant 
experience in Sri Lanka obviously, it’s been an accident. Some 
thoughts on that? 

 
Page 19 of 28 
Management: 
Contrary to the unfortunate experience that you are talking 
about, for us the business which we got from the Sri Lankan 
Water Board has been quite a good one in terms of revenue 
as well as margins. And as I had mentioned earlier, there is 
no credit risk envisaged. We’ve been getting good payments 
and the cash flows have been pretty strong on account of this 
contract. The future projection from this contract also 
remains quite good. But, if you’re referring to the political 
uncertainties or the economic uncertainties which have 
cropped up in recent times, yes, we have been concerned 
about that.  That’s the reason that we take a lot of time to 
ensure that we are mitigating all possible risks, including 
credit risks of this nature for large international 
opportunities. And we continue to be conservative and 
careful when evaluating these opportunities and finally 
converting them into contracts. The future outlook is quite 
strong. as I’ve been mentioning over a few of the calls, we 
are working on some very large opportunities in the 
international market, along with smaller and medium sized 
ones.  Most of these continue to remain attractive business 
prospects.  
Karthi Keyan: 
I was of course referring to the political situation rather than 
just the project specific dynamics. Good that you’re well 
secure on that count, but one question sir, are you fully 
protected on the profitability side given the time delay. Are 

 
Page 20 of 28 
you fully protected on the profitability side in these particular 
project?  
Management: 
Yes, there is no material change in the profitability profile.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor 
from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
on the UP project sir, how has been the execution for this 
year as the quantum, what percentage have we executed 
and when is the remaining going to get booted in the 
remaining part of the order and do we have performance, 
are there milestone or are there any follow up or orders in 
the pipeline from the same or is it done with our completion 
of the existing model? 
Management: 
The UP order would be executed over a period of 18 to 24 
months. The firmed up portion of the contract which we have 
already in hand will get executed by FY24.  There is a small 
portion in this contract which is still under processing and 
once that also gets firmed up that would get completed by 
the first half of FY25.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir it is all in the Jal Sa Nal scheme scope of work that we 
have got this order under that scheme only? 
Management: 
Sorry, couldn’t get your question, what are you asking? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir the UP order was under the Jal Sa Nal scheme, the flagship 
of central government? 

 
Page 21 of 28 
Management: 
That’s right.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But here the size of the order execution will be over a 
much larger period of time. So do we envisage more or 
orders coming up post 2024 or because the scope of work is 
there for at least three, four years to continue, or do we think 
that in our domain the work would get over by 2024? 
Management: 
No, there are many more opportunities to work on.  The 
current contract has an execution period of 18 months to 24 
months. And there are many more opportunities which are 
available. We have been a little bit cautious about the 
quantum of work that we want to pick up for this particular 
segment and have been very carefully analyzing the risk 
profile attached with each and every such opportunity. And 
we are working on only those where we are very comfortable 
with the overall risk. We will be picking up more of these, but 
as of now this is the only one that we have converted into a 
contract. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jayesh 
Barberia with B&K Securities India Private Limited. Please go 
ahead.  
Jayesh Barberia: Can you give some more color on what kind of a pipeline are 
we looking at, so basically, you have stated that we have a 
bid pipeline around 67 billion can you also throw some light 

 
Page 22 of 28 
on what kind of key and markets are we looking for the 
same? 
Management: 
Good portion of this inquiry bank would be arising from 
capital expenditures by large and medium industries. The 
industry sectors which typically contribute to the larger 
contracts would be the refinery sector, the power sector and 
the steel sector.  Apart from this we also have opportunities 
from the relatively smaller size industries like textile, 
pharma, the chemical industry, the sugar industry and the 
food and beverage industry. And in the last constituent of 
this segment from the industrial side would be the 
institutional and hotel kind of business.  Besides this, there is 
the government and infrastructure side of business which 
also contributes significant quantum. 
Jayesh Barberia: Thank you so much. Pertaining to the same, so what kind of 
a mix are we looking at, so what is the mix between private 
or government? 
Management: 
It tends to vary from time to time based on significant 
contracts which gets converted.  Traditionally we have not 
been very active on the municipal side or direct government 
order. But as you would know that out of our current order 
bank, good portion is provided by the Sri Lankan order as well 
as the UP order.  That would constitute the lion chunk of the 
overall order book.  However, if you look at the opportunities 
that we are focusing on, PSUs are also included in the 

 
Page 23 of 28 
industrial part of business and there is a good portion of 
business which we are expecting from the industrial bucket. 
Management: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Indrajeet 
Chakravarti an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Indrajeet Chakravarti: 
I just have two questions. My first question is that to 
what extent has the company been able to pass on these high 
input cost like a cost of oil and stuff like that and has it dented 
to demand in any way and my small second question is that, 
the semiconductor business numbers that would add to 
which segment, will it get clubbed to the engineering 
segment isn’t it. Thank you. 
Management: 
Past two years have been very volatile and unprecedented in 
terms of the variation in input prices.  However, the incessant 
one-way price increase after the first half made it difficult to 
get back to normalized margins.  Even so wherever possible 
we have been trying to pass on the price rises to the 
customers.  A good portion of our customers have been 
accommodative and reasonable even when the contracts dis 
not have price variation clauses.  Generally, we are able to 
pass on the price increases to the customers over a period of 
time.  However, in the overall margin profile there is a slight 
reduction compared to what we had achieved earlier and we 
are hoping that the next quarter or so that would come back 
more in line with what we have achieved earlier.  So, as I said, 
I do hope that we would be able to get increasing success in 

 
Page 24 of 28 
passing on the full extent of price increase provided we do 
not witness further periods of upward price pressure 
sustained.   
Indrajeet Chakravarti: 
Okay. And right now what is the effect of the margins 
because of this price increase on percentage terms maybe? 
Management: 
We have seen some improvement in the overall margins in 
recent times.   Short answer to your question is that we hope 
to see improvement in margins here from and while there is 
still an impact of the increased prices, hopefully the impacts 
will keep going down. The quantum of impact you can see 
evident from the lower year-on-year margin percentages 
especially on the chemicals part of the business. 
Indrajeet Chakravarti: 
Okay, so regarding the semiconductor number that 
gets clubbed to the engineering section right? 
Management: 
The semi-conductor industry offers opportunities for both 
the engineering and chemical segment products & services.  
The revenue aggregation into the engineering or chemical 
segment is dependent upon the product offered. 
Indrajeet Chakravarti: 
Okay. So semiconductor goes to, and it can go into 
engineering or chemical?  
Management: 
Yes, depending upon the product which is being sold.. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ishrat Khatri 
from Omkara Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 25 of 28 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Just a follow up wanted to understand what is the situation 
with the membrane plants, what kind of annual revenues did 
we book under the membrane plant because you mentioned 
we are also expanding capacity there. So what would be the 
utilizations? 
Management: 
So, as far as the membrane plant is concerned, we are 
currently working at well over 90% capacity utilizations, 
expansion is on and we should see the implementation of 
that expansion in the 4th quarter of 2022-23   
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay. So is it safe to assume that we book about 80 to 90 odd 
crores of revenue because I remember at 100% we were 
expecting 100, 210 crores of revenues from the membrane 
plant, right? 
Management: 
So, we would be looking at somewhere around 60 to 70 
crores with 100% utilization on a two shift basis, and we will 
now be doubling that capacity. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay, great to hear sir. Sir on the other projects that the 
company has received the IOCL project, the recent Morocco 
and that we’ve had for desalination, would you want to 
throw some light on the new wins as well and have we 
started execution for any of these projects? 
Management: 
For these projects, the initial work has started.  Typically, it 
takes a little bit of a time before the first revenue start to get 
booked. So once the order is in, maybe two or three months 

 
Page 26 of 28 
of time, which would go for initial work which would 
ultimately translate into invoicing in subsequent periods. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay. And just one last thing sir have you completed the 
execution of the Cairn project? 
Management: 
No, it’s in the final phase of execution. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Sunil Kothari 
with Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir my question is on dividend and capital allocation, we are 
conducting really good earnings and cash flow, our dividend 
is really very small. So what’s your thought process? 
Management: 
The effort of the company is to use the retained earnings for 
future value creation.  Part of the internal generation would 
be used for capacity augmentations.  As you know that we 
are looking at expanding capacities on our chemical business 
which would yield good returns to the shareholders in 
coming times. So, that’s one of the efforts and other effort is 
to use additional cash available with the company to further 
expand our projects and the engineering side of business. 
Again, as you would have seen from our balance sheets of 
previous years, that substantial amount of investment is 
required, especially when the contract sizes are large. So, as 
we strive to go into larger scale of executions, we will require 
additional capital in the company to support this growth. And 
we are hoping that with these increased revenues and the 

 
Page 27 of 28 
higher scale of operation, we would be able to create more 
value for the shareholders.  
Sunil Kothari: 
And sir the second question is on chemical segment. We have 
invested very high on R&D centers, our second R&D center 
two to three years investment of 30, 35 crore. So what type 
of work we are doing and what’s the outcome, what’s your 
thought process, the observation on the R&D investments 
we made and what benefits we should expect about? 
Sunil Kothari: 
Should I repeat the question? 
Management: 
I am sorry Mr. Kothari you have to because I got 
disconnected in between.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, so basically what I was trying to ask is the investors from 
30, 35 crores on new R&D center, someone and half, two 
years back. So would like to understand what we are doing 
exactly what are the benefits you see over the period, your 
thought process on R&D, expenses and the efforts we’re 
taking? 
Management: 
The kind of business that we are in, we need to continuously 
innovate and bring out new products, that is core 
requirement of our business and also fulfills our ability to 
maintain margins at a level which is better than what 
otherwise is available for commodity players. Therefore, this 
is an important investment for us to make.  We have more 
than 100 people employed in our R&D efforts. And we 

 
Page 28 of 28 
continue to come out with new products as well as innovate 
in various ways to ensure that the competitiveness of the 
company’s products is maintained.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my second question is on earlier calls you had confirmed 
that we are also planning to consolidate our Indian 
subsidiaries and some associates any progress on that?  
Management: 
Yes, there is a progress. In the next few months, , we will 
initiate this merger exercise which will involve more than two 
companies. And this is the first step of consolidating some of 
our subsidiaries. This first action would also be followed by 
more such consolidations  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman this was the last question 
for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. N M 
Ranadive from Ion Exchange. 
N M Ranadive: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings call. I hope we 
have been able to answer your question satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about 
the company, please reach out our investor relations 
managers Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Ion Exchange India Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
