 
 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/112 
 
June 06, 2022 
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/104 dated May 27, 2022; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q4 & FY 2022 results of the 
Company, held on June 01, 2022. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.renaissanceglobal.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
June 01, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Renaissance Global 
Limited’s earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants will 
be in a listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Renaissance Global's Q4 & FY22 earnings conference call. We have 
with us today, Mr. Sumit Shah, Chairman and Global CEO; and Mr. 
Hitesh Shah, Managing Director of the Company.  
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for an 
interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the results presentation shared with you 
earlier. 
 
 
I would now like to invite Sumit to make his opening remarks. 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I 
extend a warm welcome and thank you all for joining us on the 
earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 31, March 
2022.  
 
I will initiate the call by taking you through a brief overview of the 
Company's operational and business highlights for the period under 
review. 
Post that, Hitesh will take you through the financial 
performance, and then we will open the forum for question-and-answer 
session. 
 
 
We are glad to report that we have delivered a robust performance 
during the year. Total income for the year FY22 was up 8% year-over-
year to INR 2,209 crore. On a like-for-like basis, our total income for 
the year was higher by 32% year-over-year, and the profit after tax 
expanded by 130% year-over-year. The growth was primarily driven by 

Page 2 of 11 
 
strong contribution from our high-margin branded jewelry segment, 
along with robust growth in our direct-to-consumer segment.  
 
On the raw material front, as indicated last quarter, we did see certain 
inflationary pressures in our key input cost, such as diamonds. This 
had a slight bearing on our profitability performance during the quarter. 
However, we expect this impact to be transient in nature as we pass 
on some of these cost increases to our customers. Overall, our 
EBITDA margins during the quarter stood at 9.1%. 
 
 
On the working capital front, I am pleased to share that on a like-to-like 
basis net working capital days decreased from 239 days to 189 days 
as a result of strict management of working capital. This was primarily 
driven by efficient use of inventory, which grew only 11% compared to 
a like-for-like growth of almost 33%. 
 
 
Our branded jewelry segment is a key growth lever for us. Our 
revenues in this segment marked a notable increase of 37% in FY22, 
driven by healthy uptick in retail consumption and improved demand 
environment in global markets. We have undertaken several initiatives 
to further expand and strengthen this segment. 
 
 
We are also making a noteworthy progress in the design and 
conceptualization of the NFL jewelry collection that we had announced 
last quarter. This collection is scheduled to be premiered this holiday 
season at multiple retail locations across the U.S. In order to 
appropriately leverage this opportunity, we have been in advanced 
discussions to replicate our successful licensing model by adding 
additional globally renowned brands, which should supplement the 
growth of our existing brands to create a strong branded jewelry 
business. Our strategic endeavor is to achieve over 50% sales from 
the branded jewelry segment over the next three to four years. 
 
 
Within the branded jewelry segment, our direct-to-consumer business 
is experiencing improved traction, new customer engagements as well 
as seeing increased repeat customer wins across the six websites. For 
the period FY22, our direct-to-consumer business reported revenues of 
INR 123.8 crore compared to INR 64 crore in FY21, growing by 91% 
year-over-year. The contribution from repeat customers came in at 
17% in Q4 FY22. In the coming months, we will be expanding our 
direct-to-consumer portfolio with the launch of new websites, including 
the NFL website. 
 
 
I am also happy to share that during the quarter, our Company 
acquired the assets of Four Mines Inc., Four Mines Inc. specializes in 
the sale of branded lab-grown engagement rings and this transaction 
will give us a further strong foothold in the space, while also improving 
the operating margin through supply chain efficiencies. We are 
increasing the use of lab-grown diamonds for our jewelry products as it 
allows our customer a choice of selection and allows us to offer more 
sustainable options in our product assortment. 
 
 
Overall, 
we 
have 
delivered 
a 
robust 
business 
and 
financial 
performance during the year. Our partnership with globally renowned 
brands, our extensive experience in product conceptualization, design 
capabilities and a well-entrenched distribution network position us to 

Page 3 of 11 
 
leverage on the many growth opportunities in the global branded 
jewelry industry. In a normalized environment, we look forward to 
delivering a much stronger performance going forward. 
 
 
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to 
discuss our financial performance during the quarter. Over to you, 
Hitesh. 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good afternoon, everyone.  
 
We are glad to report that the year has concluded on a positive note. 
As a result of healthy demand in our branded jewelry segment as well 
as strong contribution from our direct-to-consumer business, the 
Company delivered a resilient performance during the period. In Q4 
FY22, our total income stood at INR 536 crore compared to INR 419 
crore on a like-to-like basis in Q4 of FY21, registering a growth of 28%. 
While for the full year, total income grew by 32% to INR 2,209 crore 
compared to INR 1,666 crore on a like-to-like basis. 
 
 
Our branded jewelry sales in Q4 grew by 33% year-over-year, of which 
our B2B segment presented an encouraging growth of 33%, whereas 
our D2C business posted revenues of INR 29.5 crore in Q4 of FY22 as 
compared to INR 22.6 crore in Q4 of FY21, growing by 31% year-over-
year. In FY22, our branded jewelry segment grew by 37%, B2B 
contributed 25% and D2C grew by a healthy 91%. 
 
 
During the period under review, growth in the branded jewelry category 
was supported by a healthy increase in retail consumption, causing 
improved demand in our key regions. During the fiscal revenue share 
of studded jewelry stood at 93%, the rest being contributed by the plain 
gold business. Of the total studded jewelry revenue, branded jewelry 
business contributed 25% in Q4 FY22. Of the branded jewelry sales, 
B2B 
segment 
contributed 
75%, 
whereas 
direct-to-consumer 
businesses contributed to 25%. The plain gold business grew in 
volume terms by 120% year-over-year and is witnessing encouraging 
demand and profitability. 
 
 
On the profitability front EBITDA stood at INR 37 crore in Q4 FY22 and 
for the full year, it stood at INR 200 crore, translating into EBITDA 
margin of 7% and 9%, respectively. Improved contribution from our 
high-margin 
areas 
of 
branded 
jewelry 
and 
direct-to-consumer 
businesses continue to support our profits. For FY22, branded jewelry 
business reported a 15% EBITDA, recording a year-over-year growth 
of 233 bps and our direct-to-consumer business registered a 19% 
EBITDA, which is lower by around 117 bps on a year-to-year basis. 
Our direct-to-consumer businesses continue to be a high EBITDA 
margin business with margins ranging from 20% to 22%. We expect 
our EBITDA margins to improve in the future, owing to the increased 
share of direct-to-consumer revenues in overall revenues. 
 
 
During the quarter, profit after tax after discontinued operations 
improved to INR 21.3 crore versus INR 15.7 crore in the corresponding 
period last year. In FY22, profit after tax after discontinued operations 
came in at INR 106.5 crore against INR 42.3 crore in FY21, registering 
a growth of 152%. 
 

Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt to equity ratio stands 
at a healthy 0.30 as of March 2022. Our total net debt stands at INR 
280 crore and our cash and bank balances, and current investments 
are INR 282 crore. Free cash flow during the year stood at a healthy 
INR 66 crore. 
 
 
To conclude, we registered an encouraging all around performance 
during the quarter and full year ended 31st March 2022. Our financial 
and balance sheet profile remains solid, and we look forward to 
delivering a robust performance in a normalized environment. 
 
 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for 
any questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session.  
 
The first question is from the line of Hitesh Chauhan from H2 
Investment Advisors.  
 
Hitesh Chauhan: 
Please elaborate about our China operation.  
 
Sumit Shah: 
We tested the Enchanted Disney Fine jewelry program with a key 
retailer in China as per our last announcement. However, the product 
has not performed as to the expectations of the retailer as well as our 
expectations. So as of right now, because of the lockdown in China, it 
is not moving forward. We hope to know a little bit more, but we are not 
very optimistic about the opportunity set in China because the program 
did not perform as well as expectations. 
 
Hitesh Chauhan: 
So we want to discontinue it? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
As of right now, it is in a wait-and-watch mode. We do not have any 
further information from the retailer because it has not performed as 
per expectations. So we will have to make a decision in the next six 
months whether we are moving forward or not moving forward. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Jain from Sarath Capital 
Management.  
 
Bhavya Jain: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, I was reading in your release 
that you are setting up a large headquarter and fulfillment center in 
New York. So could you please elaborate on that? And what is the 
thinking behind this? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So currently, our offices and fulfillment center are actually in 
Manhattan, which is relatively expensive to be doing significant e-
commerce fulfillment. So we are in the process of moving our sales 
office and distribution centers to Long Island City. Currently, our 
operations are housed in 20,000 square feet in Manhattan. We are 
moving to around 50,000 or 55,000 square foot facility, which should 
allow us to increase our e-commerce fulfillment capabilities. However, 
our rental expenses will remain the same since we are moving our 
infrastructure outside of New York City. It is going to be significantly 
more economical for us to manage. This will allow us to grow our 

Page 5 of 11 
 
fulfillment capabilities, especially for e-commerce in a very meaningful 
way and prepare us for the growth for the next 10 to 15 years. 
 
Bhavya Jain: 
Just wanted to also ask about the progress on the branded jewelry 
side and the D2C segment within that. 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So overall, for the current year, obviously, our business has 
shown healthy momentum, and we are very excited about the launch 
of the NFL in Q4 of this calendar year or Q3 FY22. And so far, during 
the past quarter, we did see some softness in March and April because 
of prior period and stimulus that was given out by the U.S. government 
one year ago. We are seeing signs of normalization in May, and we 
are looking forward to our three-year goal of making our branded 
business 50% of our overall business. So, working hard towards 
growing the newer businesses, the newer licenses and increasing 
distribution for the current brands. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual 
Investment Advisors.  
 
Aakash Javeri 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question would be 
that what are your margins in the lab-grown diamond jewelry segment? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Gross margins, operating margins, which on are you talking about? 
 
Aakash Javeri: 
I am talking about operating EBITDA margins. 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So, it is a very small business for us now since we have just acquired 
the business and the business is kind of relatively new. Our lab-grown 
diamond business is primarily driven through Four Mines Inc. When we 
acquired the business, it had gross margins in the mid-30s, and we've, 
since acquisition, been able to bring the gross margins to the mid-40s 
now. Our goal, long-term, would be to have the gross margins close to 
50% in terms of gross margin and operating margins in probably the 
15% kind of range. 
 
Aakash Javeri: 
Okay. And so in this, do we grow our own diamonds, or do we not 
grow our diamond ourselves? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
No, we are not currently growing diamonds ourselves because our 
current sales of lab-grown diamonds is not significant enough to grow 
the diamonds. We will evaluate at a future date whether it makes 
economic sense to grow it because our sense is that, that segment of 
the market is probably likely to get commoditized at some point or the 
other. Our focus really would be on creating differentiation through 
branding and create exciting products that consumers will love. We will 
have to make an evaluation on backward integration into growing the 
diamonds depending on the economics of that once the business is 
meaningful. 
 
Aakash Javeri: 
Okay. Got it. My second question would be, in our D2C business, who 
would be our main competitors? And what does it take to scale our 
D2C business? What would be our USPs and, yes, if you could throw 
some light on that? 
 

Page 6 of 11 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So I think in the direct-to-consumer space, the large players in the 
U.S. would be pure play direct-to-consumer retailers such as Blue Nile, 
which is probably close to $1 billion in sales. There's also Brilliant Earth 
and James Allen, who are in the $400 million to $500 million range. 
And in addition to that, every brick-and-mortar retailer also obviously 
has an online business, which would be quite meaningful. So largely all 
of the brick-and-mortar retailers and a slew of online-only companies, 
all ranging from $100 million to $1 billion in revenue. 
 
Aakash Javeri: 
And to scale out this D2C business, what would you say is our USP 
and what can we do to scale our business and compete against these 
players? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Our single biggest USP is obviously access to brands that are loved by 
consumers. Because of our omnichannel approach, customers are 
aware of what our products are and by being able to sell the products 
both through physical retail as well as online, consumers know the 
products, consumers know the brands, and we are leveraging the 
brand power of the licenses in order to grow it. Our integrated 
manufacturing to consumer approach is also a big differentiator 
because we are able to deliver custom products to consumers in the 
U.S. within 10 to 12 days of taking orders from customers. I think 
competitive pricing due to integrated manufacturing and brands that 
are known worldwide and loved by consumers would be kind of the two 
key strategic advantages that we would have and allow us to scale the 
business going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kruttika Mishra from Sharekhan 
by BNP Paribas.  
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I had a few questions. 
Firstly, on the margin front, in Q4, our margin is flat at 5.6% around. 
However, the gross margin has expanded quite a lot. So what is the 
reason? And secondly, what is your outlook for the EBITDA margin for 
the next two years? So do we target around 10% for FY. Yes. So the 
EBITDA margin, I wanted your outlook for the EBITDA margin, sir. 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Sure. I would request Hitesh to take this question. 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
Yes. As we had earlier indicated, there is a lot of input cost pressure 
with diamond prices rising and then there was a slight decrease in 
EBITDA margin for the quarter. However, I mean, going forward, as we 
are able to pass on the increased costs to the customer, we expect the 
EBITDA margins to return back to the 9% to 10% range. And as the 
divisional mix changes more towards the direct-to-consumer in the 
branded jewelry segment, it should in the next three to four years be in 
the early double-digits. 
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
Secondly, category-wise, as in for the studded jewelry and for the D2C 
and branded jewelry, what is the category-wise outlook for each of the 
categories? Can you highlight something more? 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
As we had earlier indicated, we expect D2C businesses eventually to 
stabilize around 20%, 22% EBITDA and branded jewelry tends to be in 
the like 13% to 15% range. And the customer brands definitely are on 
the lower side between 7% to 9% kind of margins. 

Page 7 of 11 
 
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
Sir, about the revenue outlook, if you can highlight something about 
that? You have mentioned that branded jewelry, you are targeting 50% 
contribution, but what about the D2C business? 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
Sumit, you want to take that? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, so our goal really would be in a three- to four-year time frame for 
our overall business, to be split 50-50 between customer brands and 
branded jewelry. And even within branded jewelry, our goal would be 
to be sort of a 50-50 split between B2B and D2C, so through wholesale 
and retail channels. 
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
Just one last question regarding the capex. What is your plan for 
FY23? Do you have any majority of capex play? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So currently, there is a significant amount of capital expenditure that is 
currently ongoing for the setup of our fulfillment center and sales office 
in New York. Other than that, there may be some minor capital 
expenditure to upgrade our manufacturing facility, but we do not expect 
anything other than the New York fulfillment center. That would be a 
total capital expenditure of around INR 30 crore. 
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
And sir, for FY23? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. That would be for FY23. 
 
Kruttika Mishra: 
And if I may ask one last question, sir, if you can give us the demand 
outlook? Currently, how is it in the U.S. and other major regions in 
which we are currently present? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
We saw some softness in March and April in retail sales, comparing, 
obviously, on a year-over-year basis because last year, in March, U.S. 
government sent out stimulus checks, which resulted in significant 
increases in sales. However, as we look at the year-over-year 
comparisons in May, they have started to look a little bit better year-
over-year. So there has been a little bit of an impact due to inflation as 
well as a difficult year-over-year comparisons. We are seeing that 
inventory is very, very lean across all of our retail customers. And 
despite sales being a little bit weaker at the retail level, we are seeing 
healthy demand from our customers for our products because 
inventories are extremely light and extremely lean at the customer 
level. So I think it is a tale of multiple sort of moving parts where there 
is slight weakness in demand. However, inventory is a little bit light. 
And obviously, it remains to be seen how long the inflation impact lasts 
in the U.S. and when demand does stabilize. So there was a few 
months of impact where retail sales were a little bit lower than 
expected. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kalpesh Parekh from JMS 
Advisory Service.  
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers despite lot of odds as such. I 
have a couple of questions. You have acquired this Company Four 
Mines Inc. in this branded lab-grown diamond space which we 
discussed last quarter also. How big is the opportunity in this space, on 

Page 8 of 11 
 
the lab-grown diamond space because we are hearing that a lot of new 
generation people are preferring this diamond. So is this a very big 
opportunity for us? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, I think that you are absolutely right. Lab-grown diamonds have 
really grown in acceptability with the millennial and the younger 
customers, especially in the U.S. We are seeing exponential growth 
within this segment, and we think that the opportunity set for lab-grown 
diamonds is significant. What we are also seeing is that customers are 
upgrading and still spending similar amounts of money to buy lab-
grown diamonds. So instead of getting a 1 carat diamond for their 
engagement, consumers are buying a 2.5 or a 3-carat diamond. So 
while there is a cost saving in absolute average selling price terms, 
people are buying higher carats. And we think that the opportunity for 
lab-grown diamonds is significant, especially in the engagement ring 
space, where there is significant savings for customers. So we are very 
focused on growing the Four Mine Inc business and making that a 
much bigger part of our overall pie. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Sure. So should we expect a higher contribution like nearly about 20%, 
25% of your business coming in from this space in next two, three 
years or four, five years type of time, sir? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Our expectation would be that lab-grown diamonds would be double-
digit percentage of sales. It remains to be seen whether it is 15% or 
25%. But currently, we are in low single digits. And I think that this 
contribution will increase meaningfully in the years to come. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Secondly was, I was just seeing that you are trying to explore on NFL 
franchisee front, which earlier we had explored or probably explored on 
Disney brand and all that thing. So based on your experience with 
Disney and Star Wars collection and all that thing, do you think this 
agreement with NFL thing is on the same grounds or probably we have 
done a lot of work, and we have found out that there is a lot of 
opportunity in this space? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
The NFL, obviously, is one of the most popular sports in the U.S. And I 
think there is a huge fan following for the teams, the players in the U.S. 
We think that the opportunity set here is pretty large, and we are very 
excited to sort of launch this collection in Q4 of the current calendar 
year. I think once it launches, obviously, we will get a better sense for 
the product. I mean we have done some consumer testing and current 
initial reaction feels like the opportunity is large. Obviously, the proof is 
going to be on the delivery of the numbers and seeing when the 
consumers vote with their wallets. So we will have to see how it goes, 
but we are excited about the opportunities that NFL presents. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Sure. So the income or revenues, what we generate, will classify in 
B2C or it will come under branded space? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So it comes in both, right, if it is sold through a retailer, it would get split 
depending on whether it is sold on our website, or it is sold through a 
retail partner. 
 

Page 9 of 11 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Okay. Fair enough. So I think margins probably should be handsome. 
Going by the logic of, if it is a branded or higher-end B2C also, the 
margins... 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So they will be similar to Disney and Hallmark margins, which we are 
currently experiencing, right? So about 13% to 14% on the B2B side 
and 18% to 20% on the direct-to-consumer side. So we expect 
margins on the NFL front to be similar to our current branded jewelry 
segment. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh 
Sure, you were mentioning on like 50-50 between D2C and branded. 
So as a shareholder, we should expect that, probably, the free cash 
flow generation in the next two, three years because you have a limited 
capex? So the FCF will be very, very strong in the coming year? 
 
Sumit Shah 
Yes. So I think that for the jewelry business, in general, working capital 
is a much bigger component of free cash flow conversions. And 
cumulatively over the last three years, we have had INR 190 crore, 
INR 113 crore and INR 66 crore of free cash flow. We expect this trend 
to continue. We are definitely going to grow inventory significantly 
slower than the rate of sale, which will mean that we should have a 
strong free cash flow conversion. However, in the current year, as 
mentioned, we have about INR 30 crore of capital expenditure towards 
our fulfillment center and head office in New York as well as some 
payments related to the acquisition of Four Mines Inc. as well as some 
residual payments for the Jay Gems acquisition, the last payments for 
those. So once these are done in FY23, I think there should be 
significant amount of free cash flow generation after these two or three 
items that we have previously noted. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Sure. My last question will be on your working capital front. Basically, 
we have already contained our working capital on a like-to-like basis 
and I am seeing it is from 239 to 189. So it is like six months type of 
time frame, what we are there. But given the backdrop what you 
mentioned that the demand scenario is very soft, and the inventory is 
also very lean in U.S. market, so going forward, your inventory is 
expected to move up. So how you will manage this working capital 
cycle or can we expect further containment of your working capital 
below 189 days as well? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. Our expectation would be to go below 189 days going forward 
because the growing businesses definitely require less than five 
months of inventory. I mean, the major component of working capital 
clearly is inventory and at INR 940 crore, our expectation would be that 
it will grow slower than sales. So I think that clearly 189 days over a 
three-year time frame will go down. 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Wonderful. I think that would be a good thing because that will unlock a 
lot of our return on capital employed because our ROCE can improve 
only when you contain your working capital beyond certain days as 
such. But I think you people have done a good job. Heartiest 
congratulation and wish you all the best, sir. 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Joindre 
Capital.  

Page 10 of 11 
 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
My question is on the debt reduction. Do you have any plans to reduce 
our debt as we have started a positive free cash flow generation from 
this year? I know you have given already some color as how we are 
going to spend in New York and all, any particular plan on debt 
reduction? 
 
Sumit Shah 
I think we will see a reduction in net debt meaningfully over the next 
two, three years. I think for the current year, as outlined, there is a 
significant amount of capital expenditure and payments towards 
acquisitions, which will mean that our net debt number in absolute 
terms may not go down. However, net debt as a percentage of equity 
will go down. And I think that from FY24 onwards, there will be a 
reduction in the absolute debt number as well. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. Just one more question on New York, we are spending the 
capex of INR30 crore in the New York site, right? So what is the 
rationale behind it? Are we going to save anything after spending this? 
What kind of savings we are expecting from this? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. So I think the question is not really for savings, but the ability to 
grow our e-commerce business. Currently, our offices in the U.S. were 
not set up for distribution of e-commerce and shipping one unit at a 
time for two consumers. So being able to actually grow our direct-to-
consumer business from INR 120 crore to our expectation of making it 
25% of our overall business, it is actually investing in fulfillment 
capabilities in order to meet the sales targets. It does not monetarily 
save us money, but we are getting more space for an equal amount of 
rental paid and increases our fulfillment capabilities so that we are able 
to manage the growth that we plan and expect specifically in our direct-
to-consumer business. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. Understood. One last question, would you like to give any 
revenue guidance for FY23? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
As of right now, we have not guided for FY23 in terms of revenue 
because I think there is a little bit of sort of uncertainty in terms of sales 
and commodity prices. I think that we should have much better visibility 
at the end of Q1. So we would definitely give some guidance on 
revenues and profitability for FY23 at the end of Q1. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. A small question on this tax rate. What will be our tax rate in 
current year? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Hitesh, you want to take that? 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
So is that question on a consolidated basis or like on a standalone 
India basis? 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
On consolidated basis. 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
We expect it to be around 15% to 17% on a consol basis. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kateshiya an Individual 
Investor.  
 

Page 11 of 11 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to ask the 
brand which we are developing in India, IRASVA, at retail stores. How 
is the performance at the stores?– Have we done breakeven? If not, 
when we will be able to breakeven? And are we opening more stores 
in future or not? 
 
Sumit Shah: 
IRASVA had sort of a difficult January due to COVID and Omicron 
variant. However, February, March and April had been good months. 
We currently have three and two of the three stores are profitable at 
store level. We are looking at relocating one of the stores, which is not 
profitable. And we are looking at possibly opening two more stores in 
the current financial year. So we are encouraged by the performance 
of IRASVA. We continue to monitor it closely. We are slowly planning 
to increase the store count and ensuring that we do it in a profitable 
way. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I will now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our Q4 & FY22 earnings 
conference call. We look forward to welcoming you back for our Q1 
FY23 earnings conference call. Thank you. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
