Regd. Office : 
1, Golf Avenue, Adjoining KGA Golf Course, 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LTD., 
HAL Airport Road, Kodihalli, Bangalore- 560 008, India. 
T +91 80 41783000, F: +91 80 252 03366 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
Date: June 06, 2022 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
CIN: L55101KA1986PLC007392 
e:mail : investors@royalorchidhotels.com 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHLTD 
Re: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and year ended March 
31,2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please fmd enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held 
on May 31, 2022 for your information and records. 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of the 
Company 
https:/ /www.royalorchidhotels.com/ 
Thanking You. 
Yours Faithfully, 
fficer 
K~ 
Ranabir Sanyal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS: 7814 

 
 
1 
 
Moderator: 
Hello Everyone. Welcome to the Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (“ROHL”). Mr. Chander K. Baljee , Chairman  & 
Managing Director of ROHL, who is MBA from IIM Ahmedabad with 4 
decades of experience in hospitality industry , Mr. Amit Jaiswal, Chief 
Financial Officer ,  who has over 30+ years of experience in Finance with 
Manufacturing & Hotel Industry, B.Com, MBA in Finance & BA. LLB and Mr. 
Prashant Mehrotra, Chief Operating Officer who has Over 20+ years of 
experience with OYO, Lemon Tree Hotels & The Oberoi, BA, Hotel 
Management & Catering Technology from IHM, Gwalior were introduced. 
ROHL has more than 72 hotels across India. We will have opening remarks 
from the Mr. Chander K. Baljee for the Q4 and FY22 and then move on to 
the Q&A. Thank You. 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
Thank You. Good Evening and a warm welcome to everybody. I extend a 
warm welcome to everyone to the Q4 and FY22 Earning Call of Royal 
Orchid Hotels Limited for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. The 
Q4 results have been press released and also available on the stock 
exchange. I hope everybody had a chance to go through our Investor 
Presentation. 
 
The fiscal 22 began against the backdrop of COVID and its relative impact 
in the business; it was very difficult phase for the industry during the 
COVID period. The industry was getting normal, then Omicron variant 
raised the challenging economic environment this year, specifically at the 
beginning of the financial year, despite the adversities Royal Orchid Group 
demonstrated a resilient performance. We have learnt a lot in the last year 
like how to control our cost of operations and be able to get better 
margins. 
 
Financial Highlights for Fourth Quarter and year ended March’22 and the 
year ended consolidated results are as follows: 
 
Revenue from operations for Q4 of FY22 was Rs. 39.53 crore as compared 
to Rs. 33.01 crore in Q4 for FY21, marking a growth of 20%. Despite the 
loss of the tourism due to COVID and other geographical factors the 
company still managed to grow because of strong business model and risk 
mitigation strategies. EBITDA for Q4 and FY22 was Rs. 14.23 crore as 
compared to Rs. 5.30 crore in the Q4 of FY21, with an increase of 168%. 
EBITA margins stood at 30%. PAT for the Q4 and FY22 stood at Rs. 31.66 
crore as compared to a loss of Rs. 10.05 crore in Q4 of FY21. 
 
The results for consolidated basis are as follows: 
 
Revenue from operations for the year ended March’22 was Rs. 138.52 
crore as compared to Rs. 80.85 crore in the FY ended March’21 marking a 
growth of 71.32%. EBITA was Rs. 40.36 crore compared to a loss of Rs. 3.11 
crore. EBITA margins stood at 26% which was negative last year. PAT for 
the year ended stood at Rs. 26.78 crore as compared to a loss of Rs. 40.02 
crore on the year 2021. 

 
 
2 
 
 
Talking about the new initiatives in FY 22: 
 
We are well in line with our vision to operate 100 hotels by 2023, and 
looking forward to open new hotels in different parts of the country. I 
believe that the industry is growing and we will bounce back with better 
results as we are witnessing signs of revival for industry as a whole. 
I would now like to ask our CFO, Mr. Amit Jaiswal to throw some light to 
the Q4 and year ended March’22 financials. 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
Hello Everyone! A warm welcome to all of you. Since the last 2 years the 
industry has faced lots of difficulties but last 2 months have been 
surprising and we came up with good results. The growth in the revenue as 
well as the bottom line has been great and we have learnt a lot how to 
operate our hotels at a lesser cost. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Participants are requested to ask questions. The first question is from line 
of Mr. Sushil Kumar. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Sushil 
Kumar: 
      Hello Sir, firstly Congratulations on such numbers and I feel happy that 
we are coming back in track after 2.5 years. Secondly, in the consolidated 
results we have ‘Other Income’ of about Rs. 17.4 crore, can we get a break 
up of this figure. The other question is that the current occupancy trend, 
also the projection of 100 hotels will be achieved by March’23 or year end 
of 2023. 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
     The Other Income of Rs. 17 crore comprise of the income we have 
derived, Rs. 6 crore from our management business and then we had 
certain provisions for liabilities of Rs. 5 crore which we have written off as 
they are not required to be carried forward. There is also an interest on 
fixed deposit of Rs. 2 crore. The other question I would like Mr. Baljee to 
answer. 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
As mentioned we have already about 72 hotels and we have already 
signed 16 contracts that bring us to nearly 90 hotels. We are also working 
very actively to get more hotels with time. 
 
Moderator: 
Kindly let us know about the room occupancy of the hotels. 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
For the quarter ended March’22 we have shown 62% occupancy for all 
hotels put together and for the year ended there was 57% occupancy. Last 
year the room occupancy was 46%, marking an increase of almost 11% in 
the occupancy as compared to last year. 
 
Mr. Rajesh 
Agarwal: 
 
Could you please through some light on the items of exceptional income. 
 
 

 
 
3 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
The exceptional income has come in because the hotel in Jaipur was 
previously a subsidiary of Royal Orchid Hotels Limited, which has now been 
converted into associate. It is a book entry that is done according to 
Accounting Standards and is derived from the past profits. 
 
Ms. Shally 
Mohile: 
      What will be the model of growth that we will be following to reach the 
milestone of 100 hotels? Will the company go for any inorganic 
opportunity for growth? 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
     Presently we are not looking for acquisitions. We would like to grow on 
the asset like model only. So, we are looking at management contracts, 
revenue share model and in some case we can also go for franchise. 
Mr. Viraj Mehta: 
So far, what are the plans for adding keys for FY 2022-23?  Also the keys 
will be in which format and in which geography. 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
     We have already signed contracts for 16 hotels across the country. The 
development team is also informed that on certain geographies where our 
presence is weak, i.e. on the east we do not have much presence and in 
south mainly our presence is in Karnataka. We look forward to establish 
our presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Tamil Nadu. We will also 
focus on the central India and soon we can call us a PAN India group. 
 
Mr. Viraj Mehta:      I would further like to know that within this division would it be more 
focused on business or leisure hotels. 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
We are enthusiastic about the leisure hotels as they have emerged due to 
the pandemic as a profitable business; however we look forward to 
continue on a mix of both business hotels and leisure hotels. 
Mr. Viraj Mehta: 
Please share your thoughts in terms of outlook of Average Room Revenue 
and utilization, also if you can break that up between business hotels and 
leisure hotels. 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
Average Room Revenue is varying a lot. In the 5 star hotels where we 
already touched 5000 and by the end of the year we should touch above 
6000. The budget hotels are now in the range of 2500-3000 and we hope 
that will be going above 3500. So, there is likely to be a substantial 
improvement.   
 
Mr. Viraj Mehta:       Has the consumption pattern from consumers changed and are the 
occupying on the weekend or over the week. How do you see the trend 
going forward? 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
     Nowadays, as people are not able to travel, there is a lot of staycation 
business which have come in where people go within town. Now this 
business can go a little down because travel restrictions are also not there, 
so that will be replaced by any other business. There is a lot of domestic 
demand for our business in our country. We really look forward for more 

 
 
4 
 
growth in the industry. 
Mr. Viraj Mehta: 
About the real estate party which is in Mumbai, how we are going to 
monetize it. 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
      We have already monetized that asset. We gave that asset and got 100% 
stake in our Goa Hotel. Earlier in Goa Hotel we had 50% stake, being it a 
very profitable hotel, have given our land and the remaining 50% stake in 
Goa Hotel in February 2022. 
 
Mr. Anuj 
Suvarna: 
We are at a stage where inflation is at its high, so are we facing any 
Inflationary pressure overall in terms of affecting our Gross Margin. 
Mr. Prashant 
Mehrotra: 
We are currently not facing inflation which will reduce our margins. We 
are still controlling our cost, as it has not yet become normal because of 
COVID. 
 
Mr. Rajesh 
Agarwal: 
Even in the Jaipur hotel we can observe very minimum losses. Can we 
expect in the current year a profit and what about our other subsidiary? 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
We are expecting upside and all of the subsidiaries are cash balance 
positive also the profits will definitely go up. 
 
Mr. Rajesh 
Agarwal: 
Are there any plans for merging our Goa Property. 
 
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
We are not sure and right now, we are contemplating so many different 
options. 
 
Mr. Amit 
Jaiswal: 
Going forward, because our industry has started doing well, we will be 
interacting with our investors more often and will keep them updated 
about the plans. We look forward to a very good financial result in the 
current year.    
 
Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee: 
Thank You for giving us time and joining us for the conference call and look 
forward to see investors many more times in the near future. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
