    ETHOS LIMITED
 KAMLA CENTRE, SCO 88-89, SECTOR 8-C 
                                                                                               Chandigarh-160 009 INDIA 
                                                                                                                            Phone : +91 172 2548223/24/27, 2544378/79 
                                                                                          Fax : +91 172 2548302 
CIN – U52300HP2007PLC030800 
PAN – AADCK2345N 
 
__________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 
Plot 3, Sector III, Parwanoo-173 220 INDIA 
Ref. no. : Ethos/Secretarial/2022-23/7  
 
Dated: June 4, 2022 
 
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code : 543532 
 
 
Trading symbol : ETHOSLTD 
  
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Further to our letter dated May 30, 2022 intimating the schedule of the conference call for Monday, 30th day 
of May, 2022 at 5.30 p.m., please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid conference call, held inter alia 
to discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2022, pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The same is also available on the website of the Company 
www.ethoswatches.com. 
 
We would request you to please take the same in your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly  
For Ethos Limited  
    
          
Anil Kumar  
Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Ethos Limited 
Q4 FY 22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 3st May 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
  MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ETHOS LIMITED 
                                             MR. PRANAV SABOO, CEO, ETHOS LIMITED 
                                             MR. RITESH AGRAWAL CFO, ETHOS LIMITED 
 
 
                                              
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ethos Limited Q4 FY 22 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company. As on 
date of this call, these statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo, Managing Director, Ethos, for his 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Y Saboo:  
Thank you very much. Good evening, and a warm welcome to everyone for the maiden post 
listing earnings conference call for Ethos Limited. I'm sure you have seen the listing that 
started at 10 O'clock today on both the stock exchanges, BSE and NSE. It's a momentous 
occasion for our company, we’ve traveled a long way. And I want to thank all our investors 
and analysts for their confidence support and engagement with Ethos. 
For, this call I'm joined by Mr. Pranav Saboo, CEO and Mr. Ritesh Agrawal CFO. And we 
also have SGA our investor relations advisors on the call. As I said, this is a landmark moment 
for all of us, including the shareholders of KDDL Limited, the parent company of Ethos, we 
believe the IPO of Ethos was the most logical way of unlocking value and give justice to the 
business we have put all hearts to over these past many years.  
Let us move to the business of Ethos. The business of Ethos it’s history, what it does and how 
it makes money. These have been elaborately detailed in RHP relating to the IPO. The watch 
market in India and globally has been succinctly captured in the independent report by 
Technopak, which is also included in the RHP. So, with your permission, I will not repeat 
those facts.  
Further the investor presentation has also been uploaded on our website and on the stock 
exchanges some hours ago, and I'm sure you've had the opportunity of having gone through 
that too. I will therefore proceed to share with you with much pleasure details of the financial 
performance of what has been a record year FY 22.  
I remind everyone that this was the year in which the deadly Delta wave of COVID was 
sweeping across India in the first quarter that is April to June, 2021, which deeply impacted 
every business, especially retail businesses with malls remaining closed for practically 80% of 
that period. Not withstanding the impacted Q1, we have recorded the highest ever yearly 
revenue EBITDA and PAT in FY 22. Let me give you the figures. Ind AS 116 has a significant 
impact on our EBITDA and PBT. I am sharing the key highlights of the financials without Ind 
AS 116 impact to give a simpler view of the accounts.  
Billings increased by 30% Y-o-Y to INR185 crore growth in Q4 of FY 22. This despite a 
lockdown of up to two weeks in many cities due to the third wave of COVID in January and 
February. For the year as a whole billings increased by 50% Y-o-Y to INR 672 crore in FY 22. 
Of these billings for exclusive brands for watches contributed INR52 crore in quarter four that 
is 28% of the total billings for the quarter while for the year as a whole it contributed INR178 
crore in the billing that is 27% of the total billings of the year.  
Consolidated revenue from operations increased by 29% Y-o-Y to INR 159 crore in quarter 
four, and for the year it increased by 49% to INR 577 crore in FY 22. Consolidated gross profit 
increased by 35% Y-o-Y to about INR 48 crore in quarter four 22, while it increased by 58% 
Y-o-Y to INR 166 crore in FY 22.  
Consolidated gross profit margins expanded significantly too by 130 basis points Y-o-Y to 
30.2% in quarter four, FY 22, while it expanded by 165 basis points Y-o-Y to 28.8% for the 
whole year. Consolidated EBITDA increased by 46% Y-o-Y to INR 15.4 crore quarter four, 
while it increased 85% Y-o-Y to INR 48.3 crore in the whole year. Consolidated EBITDA 
margin expanded by 110 basis points, Y-o-Y to 9.6% in quarter four FY 22, while it expanded 
by 160 basis points to 8.3% for the year as a whole.  

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
  
Consolidated PBT increased by 65% to INR 11.6 crore in quarter four, while it almost equaled 
to INR 35.3 crore for year as a whole.  
 
The stock carrying months on sales reduced from 6.2 months in FY 21 to 5.3 months in FY 22 
on better inventory planning and sales. and consolidated debts stood at INR 60 crore. Post the 
repayment from IPO to see the lowest debt levels significantly reduced to almost half. Ladies 
and gentlemen while we are pleased with the record numbers we are even more excited about 
the prospects for the current year and the years ahead. We continue to see strong demand for 
our product and the consolidation of our leadership.  
Pranav Saboo:  
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Pranav Saboo, and I'll continue the speech. Ladies and 
gentlemen, while we are pleased with these record numbers, we are even more excited about 
the prospects for the current year and years ahead. We continue to see strong demand for our 
products and the consolidation of our leadership position in the market. Already in the first two 
months of the current year, that is April and May we estimate revenue in the vicinity of INR 
120 crore.  
This indicates that we have a strong revenue growth in quarter one profitability will also be 
strong on the back of improved margins and greater leverage on fixed costs. Further as is 
known quarter two and quarter four are generally stronger than quarter one and quarter three is 
significantly the strongest of all quarters. Therefore, we are very hopeful of strong growth of 
30% to 35% in revenue for FY 23 over FY 22, a strong, like-to-like store growth and great 
increase in the profitability.  
Besides these exciting summarized financial numbers there is a wealth of qualitative factors 
that provide immense fundamental strength and an impregnable moat to our business. This 
includes the portfolio of over 30 brands available exclusively at Ethos, a list that will further 
grow.  
Let me start by sharing very exciting news that we have just received a few days ago. I'm 
extremely pleased to announce that Geneva-based GPHG the Premier Global Award for 
excellence in watchmaking, widely acknowledged as the Oscars of the watch business has 
chosen Ethos as the partner for the unique pre-award exhibition in 2022. 
Only two cities in the world are chosen every year for this event. This year, the event will be 
held in new Delhi in October with Ethos as the sole watch retail partner. I would like to add 
that our chairman is a member of the global GPHG academy since 2021. This is a matter of 
great pride for every one of us at et Ethos.  
Now, let me go on to the industry. As per Technopak watch the watch market in India was 
valued at INR 13,500 crore in 2020, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.6% to reach 
INR 20,300 crore by 2025. On the other hand, premium segments are growing at a CAGR of 
12%. The luxury segments are growing faster than other segments at a CAGR of 13%. These 
fast-growing segments is where Ethos is focusing and growing its market share continuously.  
The pre-owned business will further increase the overall industry size. Our growth is 
galvanized by our portfolio of 33 brands, which are exclusively available at Ethos. The 
Investor Presentation lists most of these, we are in discussion with more brands, with some 
more globally recognized brands and hope to share information of additions to our brand 
portfolio during the year, as in when new arrangements are finalized. 
Relationships with luxury brands and their owners typically take many years to develop and 
are difficult to replicate. Our promoters and management team has worked hard to nurture 
these relationships, and these two provide a wide moat for our business. Our partnership with 
key brands, including Omega, Bvlgari, IWC, Hublot, Panerai, Rado Tissot, Longines, 
Breitling, Jaeger LeCoultre and many more brands. These has been ongoing for more than a 
decade and for most we are the brand's largest Indian partner.  
Certified pre-owned watches is a great growth pillar for the watch industry. The pre-owned 
watch sector does not cannibalize the new watch business. On the contrary, it adds to the 
overall industry size by promoting multiple ownership of watches and adding a whole sector of 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
first time, luxury enthusiast. It is already 33% of the new watch business globally, According 
to industry experts, it will become half the size of the new watch industry globally by 2025. At 
Ethos, we grew from roughly INR 11 crore of certified pre-owned business in FY 21 to INR 32 
crore of business in FY 22. We hope to exceed over INR 75 crore of business by the end of the 
year through one lounge in Delhi and the website for pre-owned watches.  
Over the next two years, we will expand the footprint along with the website to four to five 
major cities in India to continue driving strong growth in the pre-owned business. In India, we 
will dominate this fast growing sector because we are the only ones with a pan India network 
to source watches. Our state-of-the-art service center, which we recently opened, restores each 
watch and provides a 2-year warranty on the watches. Our new website, secondmovement.com 
has already received a hundred thousand visitors onboard every month.  
We have painstakingly trained 17 watchmakers over the last 12 months. We are well placed to 
grow this business rapidly. It'll have a huge impact on the new watch business as well. Within 
the luxury segment, the higher priced watches are growing at a faster pace than lower priced 
watches. Ethos being predominantly luxury and premium focused player will continue to 
benefit from this phenomena. Luxury and high luxury watch segments also earn better 
margins, allowing us to have better profitability.  
We derive significant benefits from the tendency of consumers in the luxury watch markets to 
become repeat customers. Our physical presence is leveraged by our strong digital platform 
with a frequently visited website, effective social media communication a large database of 
HNI customers and an active program of home and office delivery of luxury products.  
Our digital platform has created a niche in the online luxury watch market through various 
unique value-added services, including a highly specialized team of luxury watch consultants 
targeted content, watch insurance, easy installments and dedicated after sale service to our 
customers.  
Our loyalty program called Club ECHO is a customer relationship management initiative, 
which provides benefits to repeat customers based on their cumulative purchasing over time. 
The database generated via Club ECHO gives us access to important buying trends, which 
further enables us to design appropriate communication strategies, leading to greater 
satisfaction and commitment.  
As of March 31, 2022, we had over 283,300 registered members in our Club ECHO. We have 
also leveraged our rich experience to expand into other luxury verticals, such as luggage and 
jewelry recently. We have recently entered into an exclusive agreement with Rimowa for 
retailing their range of luxury luggage and Messika for retailing, their range of luxury jewelry 
in India. This will offer new growth verticals for the company in the future.  
I will summarize our key and high priority strategy.  
Expanding our physical store network we will continue to execute our pipeline of new store 
projects, as well as identify attractive locations for opening new company branded stores or 
mono brand boutiques. We have planned to add 13 boutiques across India and renovate six 
stores, including a certified pre-owned lounge in Mumbai, which we plan to open very soon.  
Certified pre-owned watches. As I’ve mentioned, we plan to scale up the certified pre-owned 
watches vertical swiftly. So, the expanding the footprint along with the website to three to four 
major cities in India to fuel further growth.  
Increase market share and profitability, our focus will continue to grow business from 
existing and new stores using our strong omnichannel platform and digital reach to capture 
higher market share and improve margins in our existing stores through the increased sale of 
business and cost optimization initiatives.  
Increase our watch brand’s portfolio. As a part of our continuous efforts to offer the widest 
assortment of brands to our customer base, we will continue to invest in entering into new 
brand relationships including some exciting new exclusive relationships while continuing to 
nature nurture our existing brand partnerships.  

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
I want to underline the fact that today 33 brands work exclusively in India with us. We will 
continue to invest in strengthening our brand through online marketing, electronic media, print 
media, outdoor events, and sponsorships. We believe that investment in brand is critical to 
increasing our brand recognition and market share, and also help us capitalize on the growing 
consumer reference for branded products.  
Lastly, after sale service. Our service center is already one of the best in the country with 
extensive brand authorization. We will build excellence in our after-sale service as one of the 
key drivers for our business and our credibility in our customer base. With these words, I 
would, I thank you again for your confidence. And I now hand over the call back to our 
chairman.  
Y Saboo:  
 Thanks Pranav. I hope for all the listeners, we've been able to summarize and present useful 
information about our business. My apologies for the disconnections in between, but I hope, 
you enjoyed this call and I now welcome your questions and participation.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first question 
from the line of Akshay K from Envision Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akshay K:  
Thanks for the opportunity. First of all, congratulations on the listing, sir. Sir I wanted to 
know, what sort of revenues are we expecting from RIMOWA and Messika?  
Y Saboo:  
Hi, Akshay, thanks for your kind words. May I suggest if you have more question, if you can 
ask all of them, so then we can go on.  
Akshay K: 
Yes.  
Y Saboo:  
Or is this your only question?  
Akshay K: 
Yes, I’d just ask them. Sir, also wanted to understand, you have given a slide wherein a loyalty 
program started by other brands. So, I think there is only one of the other competitors who 
have started this. So wanted to understand since this is a new business to me. How difficult is it 
to start a loyalty program? And what sort of loyalty benefits, what is the differentiating factor 
are we giving? And I don't think there is a, what we can say very much difficult to start a 
loyalty program. And I believe that Helios also has a loyalty program by the name of Encircle.  
And my third question would be what sort of ASP average selling price currently we are at 
INR 1.5 L. So what sort of ASPs can we expect going forward? These are the three questions 
from my side. Thanks a lot.  
Y Saboo:  
Right. Thanks, Akshay. So, let me answer the last one first. ASP you've seen in the last four 
years our ASP has grown from around INR 73,000 to about one like INR 1,45,000 now, 
around that number. This is a result of a couple of things. Most importantly our shift of focus 
away from low price segment, that means watches below INR 30,000, INR 40,000 towards 
more watches in the price range of INR 1 lakhs to INR 3 lakhs to INR 5 lakhs and INR 10 
lakhs.   
This trend towards a higher percentage of our business coming from the luxury and high 
luxury segment is going to continue. And we believe that there will be a steady growth in the 
ASP as the, as it has grown in the past couple of years. It's difficult to really estimate exactly 
how it'll grow, but I think the trend of the last couple of years is going to continue. Second 
your loyalty program. Listen, the loyalty program works if you have a certain minimum 
threshold of loyalty customers. You have a large offering of brands.  
Pranav Saboo:  
So, just to continue, the loyalty program requires a large setup, that we believe the current 
competition does not have. It requires the capturing of data, it requires to be able to work on 
the data. You have to have a large number of brands. You have to bring the brands on board to 
be able to work with these to work with the loyalty program. We offer many benefits to our 
customers as well.  
First of all, we offer points on every purchase, which they can redeem in the future for greater 
offer on any of our watches. They get a priority service at our after sale service center. They 
get invitations to our events. They get access to limited edition watches. So, there's a host of 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
other benefits that, that we have that we offer to customers, which is why we see people 
enrolling for the loyalty program.  
Akshay K:  
 
Okay.   
Pranav Saboo:  
I believe the next question was on the lines of RIMOWA and Messika. We believe that every 
RIMOWA boutique that we opened will give us INR 12 crore, to INR 15 crore of business. 
We have already finalized the first location for RIMOWA in Mumbai, and we are looking for 
more locations in luxury malls, and as and when they come up, we will be signing that on.  
At the moment for Messika, we are opening only as a trial. The first six months will be a trial 
phase that we are doing inside a few of our stores. And once that is successful, we will be 
taking it to boutiques. And we expect every boutique as well to do about INR 80 lacks to a 
crore of business going forward Monthly.  
Akshay K:  
Just one follow-up. Sir, you did mention that loyalty program needs tie up with brands. So, the 
benefits, which we are passing to the customer in terms of discounts on  all these events. So, I 
think events we would be doing, but any discounts or rebates on future purchases, are they 
passed through to the brands, we are getting that from the brands as well?  
Pranav Saboo:  
We in many of the cases we take the cost on us. In many of the cases, it is shared with the 
brand. So, it depends brand to brand, but brands do want to participate with us in the 
communication cost in bearing some of the cost including offers to our customer base.  
Moderator:  
Thank you.  We take the next question from the line Anjana Shah from Shah Invest. Please go 
ahead.  
Anjana Shah:   
Thank you very much for this opportunity, Sir. So, I have three questions. First, can you give 
any qualitative aspects on how the business focus would change for Ethos post IPO? Second, 
how will the fresh issue be utilized to create value for the company in the long term? And 
third, what can be the sustainable EBITDA margins for our business? Thank  you. 
Ritesh Agrawal:  
Let's start with the fresh issue. So our fresh issue to be utilized for working capital for a long 
term business growth, as well as, we will be utilizing fresh issue for opening our stores that has 
been proposed as well as the upgradation of our IT infrastructure, and the balance will be for a 
general corporate purpose.  
So, these are from our fresh issue utilization. And definitely all these fresh issues are primarily 
for the business growth of the organization going forward.  
Pranav Saboo: 
I do want to say that the idea with the raise of the funds is to use the money to create structural 
advantages for the business going forward. For example, signing on more exclusive brands, for 
example, creating new boutiques and creating, tying up with new brands and creating new 
experiences for our customers to be able to power us forward.  
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Akshay Jain from Jain Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akhsay Jain:  
Yes. Good evening. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, what are your views on certified pre-
owned businesses. So, how do you plan to scale that? And lastly what is the expected what can 
be expected ROCE of the business once it's stabilized?  
Y Saboo:  
 
Pranav, will you take the question on the certified pre-owned business?  
Pranav Saboo: 
                I think you should go ahead and take that.  
Y Saboo:  
Okay. So, Akshay, sorry, again, I'm getting disconnected, but I hope it won't get. The certified 
pre-owned business is actually as Pranav mentioned a very fast growing business globally, and 
in India as well, it is growing fast. We can see it, we can feel it. As you know, in the second 
year we’ve nearly tripled the business and we are once again, looking at a high double-digit 
growth in this year as well.  
How it works is actually it, there are two things it accomplishes. There are people who own 
multiple watches in the premium and luxury segment and many of the watches they don't use, 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
and they can actually then sell the watch and upgrade to another watch, which they like more. 
On the other hand it allows first time users who want entry into a premium or luxury watch 
segment, but at a lower price than a new watch would cost.  
It allows them to buy into a watch or even to buy into multiple watches. That's the reason why 
this model is successful globally, and that's the reason why it's succeeding in India. How it  
works for us is, we are actually get this through our website and through our lounge. We are in 
touch with customers who want to sell their watches. We assess those watches, we make sure 
that they are genuine watches.  
Then those watches are fully refurbished in our service center, and then they are offered for 
sale, and then there are customers who are interested in the watches and they come and buy 
them. There are cases where a seller may expect a different price than what we feel is fair. In 
that case, we tell the seller look, we will put, we will service your watch, and we will put it on 
our website at the price you want. And if a customer is there, he will buy it. When the 
customer buys it, we will deduct the agreed margin, and after that, we'll make the payment to 
you. So, we have both a bought and sold model, as well as a consignment and sales model. 
And both are working pretty strongly for us.  
Pranav Saboo: 
As far as the ROCE is concerned, it is our goal our long term goal to actually go for a to attain 
a figure higher than 25% ROCE.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sachin Shah from SS Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Sachin Shah:  
Thanks for giving an opportunity. I have a couple of questions. First would be, what is your 
same store sales growth in FY 22? And how is it trend over the last three, four years?  
Y Saboo:  
 
Okay. What are the other questions please?  
Sachin Shah:  
And my second question would be on the digital side. I mean, how, what are the initiatives you 
are taking to grow on the digital aspect and how, how quickly it can be scaled up in span of 
two, three years?  
Y Saboo:  
Ritesh, would you answer the question on same-store sales growth and Pranav on the digital 
side, please?  
Ritesh Agarwal:    
So same-store sales growth for FY 21 is 47%. And, if we talk about the Q4, it's 21%.  
Y Saboo: 
Mr. Shah. I may just say, you also asked for what has been the long-term trend. If we exclude 
the COVID period in the longer term in the longer, in the past our same-store growth used to 
be in the region of 10% to 12%. We are seeing an acceleration now, as we move to higher 
price points, because actually for the same-store with a higher price points, we get a much 
higher growth rate. And therefore, we believe, our same-store growth will be substantially 
higher than the long term or the previous trend of 10% to 12%.  
And what you're seeing, for example, in the last quarter of 21%, same-store growth, we are 
hoping that we will continue to achieve something in that vicinity in the near future as well.  
Sachin Shah:  
 
So around 18% to 20% is a target. 
Y Saboo:  
Yes, it depends on a little bit on what is the product mix and so on. But as I said, significantly 
higher than the 10% to 12%, which was the trend pre-COVID.  
Sachin Shah:  
Got it.  
Y Saboo:  
Pranav, would you like to answer the question on digital initiatives and growing that side of 
the business?  
Pranav Saboo: 
So, the digital part of the business is growing quite quickly. We are taking several initiatives 
there to be able to further grow the business. We have, for example, on now on many of our 
watches on the website, you can see, it is in they are available in 3D, they are available in 
augmented reality. We have our own studio that is coming up to create content that is further 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
shoppable, our own channels that are going to come up for creating video content because we 
believe the future is that or video content.  
Later in the year, we have our app coming out as well, which I believe will be quite a game 
changer, in terms of the way the industry looks at watches digitally. So, we are taking all of 
these steps. In fact if you look at our website secondmovement.com everything, all the watches 
there are that we shoot ourselves.  
The content is created by us, and we have much higher stock turn on the certified pre-owned 
business than we have over here as well. So, I believe that with all of these initiatives we’ll be 
able to grow quite quickly, as we have in the past.  
Sachin Shah:  
 
Would it be in Hi teens. The target would be?  
Pranav Saboo: 
                When you mean by, in terms of.  
Sachin Shah:  
 
Growth target.  
Pranav Saboo: 
So, what I can say is that digital will probably be around 35% to 40% of the overall business 
that we are doing.  
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Pooja Shah from TCG. Please go ahead.  
Pooja Shah:  
Sir, I would like, yes. Sir, I would like to ask a question on exclusive agreement with the 
brands. Are we going forward to have an exclusive agreement with the brands? And if so, with 
which brands?  
Y Saboo:  
Pooja, is this your only question or you have other questions? Why don't you list them all?  
Pooja Shah:  
 
No, sir. This is the only question.  
Y Saboo:  
Okay. So, let me answer that. As Pranav mentioned, out of our portfolio of a little more than 
50 brands, 33 brands are available exclusively at Ethos. So essentially what we are saying is 
nearly two-third of our brand portfolio consists of brands that are exclusively at Ethos. We do 
want, we do plan to add to this brand list because an exclusive brand actually allows us to offer 
a very differentiated product portfolio to customers, and it builds a very strong moat around us.  
There are reasons why brands also want an exclusive arrangement because it allows them to 
reduce their costs of operating in India while getting the advantage of the extensive digital and 
physical network of Ethos. So, to answer your question, yes, we have exclusive arrangements 
and we will be growing the list of brands with whom we have exclusive arrangements.  
Pooja Shah:  
 
So, we have exclusive agreements or arrangements, sir? 
Y Saboo:  
These are, so in many cases there were agreements. In many cases, there are arrangements. As 
I mentioned in the speech, a lot of, most of the luxury brands they have their relationships are 
extremely important and these relationships are nurtured. We may often start a relationship 
with an agreement, but it continues even if there is no agreement in place. So, while there are 
agreements not all of them have agreements, but what I can say is that the exclusive 
arrangements that we have had with so many brands have all continued from the time they 
have started without any break.  
Pranav Saboo: 
I just do want to add that most of the brands that we have in our exclusive portfolio also have 
contracts, exclusive contracts.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Priyanka Shah. Please go ahead.  
Priyanka Shah:  
Yes. Hi, good evening. I wanted to understand what can be the sustainable EBITDA margins 
for the business?  
Y Saboo:  
 
You know, our margin. Is this your only question?  

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Priyanka Shah:  
                Yes, I have two more questions.  
                                                Yes. Also, do you have any plan to optimize your high inventory days going forward? And 
how many stores do you plan to open in the next one year?  
Y Saboo:  
Okay. Coming to EBITDA margins. I don't know if you participated in the earnings calls of 
KDDL where we used to report Ethos in past years. Three or four years ago, we used to look 
and it is a matter of record that we said our goal is to hit a INR 1,000 crore of billing and a 
10% EBITDA. Okay. And we said that is something that we'll be very happy to achieve. 
Despite the two years of disruption of COVID I am happy to say that we are almost reaching 
that level. And we hope that very soon we will be able to touch the EBITDA level and this I'm 
talking now without Ind AS. However is 10% the EBITDA ceiling I don't think so. Because 
what is happening now is that we are seeing a constant improvement in our margins and a 
constant improvement in our operating leverage. And therefore, I believe that the EBITDA 
margins will exceed 10%. I don't want to give a cap number because cap number sort of bring 
us down, but I believe we will get an EBITDA margin, which will be superior to most of the 
businesses in the retail space and definitely in excess of 10%.  
As far as the inventory question you have written. In terms of sales our inventory three years 
ago was about 190 days. The last report it's come down to about 155 days 157 days of sales. 
So, there has been a steady decrease in the inventory in terms of days of sales that we've had.  
We believe that this improvement will continue a bit as we go ahead and our scale improves. 
However, I do want to add a word of balance here, because remember that this is a luxury 
business. This is not a business where people just come and put a watch in a basket on the 
Internet, and we deliver a INR 1 lakh watch just like that. It doesn't work like that. In the 
luxury business people need to see exactly what they are buying. And for that, the physical 
inventory is important.  
For example, if someone is buying a INR 5 lakh watch and we have a watch which has a black 
dial, but the lady was buying it she says, no, no I want to see what a gold dial looks like. I 
cannot say that look here is the picture of the gold dial please go ahead and buy it. In a t-shirt 
you may say, okay, I want a white colored t-shirt as if the size is fine, if the fabric is fine I will 
take it I don't have to see it. But in a watch, the customer will say, I need to see that watch.  
So, there is a certain minimum requirement of inventory that the luxury business requires. So, 
while, so we have to reach a balance between the stock required what is natural for the success 
of a luxury business and what is efficient from a working capital point of view? I think our 
working capital efficiency in terms of inventory has increased over the last couple of years, 
working capital has gone down in number of days of sale. It will continue to improve, but we 
will need to carry a certain minimum inventory because of the nature of our business.  
As far as the new stores are concerned, we have planned, we have specifically 13 stores, new 
stores that we are going that we are expanding into. These stores are identified, however, the 
exact timing of these will depend on when the malls become ready, because most of them are 
actually in malls. We do expect a large number of them to be ready in this financial year, but 
towards the end of the financial year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Adit Shah from Vibrant Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Lalaram Singh: 
I think. I should congratulate you guys for all the hard work over the last four years and great 
to see this outcome. And so obviously really happy for myself and also clients and also for the 
company. Sir, I have a couple of questions. One is based on the first two months of this 
financial year, what does the outlook look like? Even we have seen some weakness in global 
financial markets and that does have an impact on the well defect and the propensity to 
consume. That is my first question.  
My second question is, basically over the next two to three years seeing that we are also 
spending in category, but is it fair to assume that our overall growth and stock margin 
expansion will be driven by the watch category or the other categories have a fairly significant 
role in the near term in the next two to three years? That's it.  

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Y Saboo:  
Okay. So, Lala, very interesting first question. In the first two months I can go out and say we 
are on the last day of the first two months, and we see absolutely no impact of what of seeing 
of the global sort of trends. In fact one question that I was often asked was that the growth that 
you saw in the last quarter three and quarter four was it because people were not traveling or 
for any reason like that. And now that people are traveling sales are going to come down? 
Well, travel has been opened since April, since March, it has been completely opened. Airports 
are full, flights are full, you can't find tickets or places in hotels, anywhere outside India. 
Indians are traveling everywhere, but we have seen zero impact on our sales.  
The first two months, I can tell you, the first two months we are seeing, we are estimating sales 
of about INR 120 crore, which is going be record quarter. And you know that that kind of a 
revenue, if you prorate it, what it does. And obviously quarter one vs, quarter two and three 
and two and four are better than quarter one, quarter three is obviously the best quarter in the 
retail business, in our business especially.  
So, there is a very strong and continuing undercurrent of growth of demand. I've been saying 
this since to look at the trends filter a rate of COVID quarters and you see the strong growth in 
demand. This is not only an India phenomenon this is a global phenomena. But today the 
Indian high-end shoppers are no different from anyone else in the world. And we believe this 
is going to continue absolutely.  
On your second question over two to three years. Yes, while we are looking at other segments 
such as jewelry and luggage and it's, you can understand that jewelry is a very strong 
complimentary segment to watches because it attracts lady customers. So, therefore there's a 
strong, rational to enter into that segment. But you are also right, that over the next two, three 
years, the mainstay of the business will still be the luxury and premium watch business.  
There are huge opportunities in that business. There are many brands, global, very famous 
brands that are not even present in India, yet. We are working to bring those brands to India, 
we be the partner of choice. So, there is a large potential of growth in the watch business. It 
will remain the mainstay of our business, but with the new segment, jewelry, luggage, perhaps 
some others, we will build a growth vector, which will continue to power the company to 
growth even in future years let’s say three, four, five years from now, when the growth in the 
watch segment starts to slow down a bit.  
We don't see any evidence of that, but we are just building another engine of growth in our 
business in luxury business, because we see huge complementary in these segments.  
Lalaram Singh: 
Understood. Thank you so much. Great to hear that momentum is still very strong. And all the 
best for.  
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rahul Agarwal from                                                      
                                                 InCred Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Agarwal:  
Hi. Sir, three questions. Firstly, on the industry it seems like vertical specialists generally get 
most of the market share for luxury watches in terms of retailing in the country. How do you 
see this moving ahead? Are you seeing some consolidation here, some parameters that brands 
monitor and choose their partners in India? How, what is Ethos doing better than the other? 
That is the first question.  
Second is on the new brand you talked about signing up more exclusive brands. Just wanted to 
understand what's the scope like further from here because we already have a lot of brands 
with us in our portfolio in terms of adding new ones going into next three to five years. And 
will these be only entering India for the first time or you would also be taking market share 
from other existing retailers? And lastly, on the margin you said obviously there is immense 
scope further here, even from the 8.5% we reported this year, this is I am talking about without 
Ind As, but what would be the levers to improve margins?  
Obviously, the presentation talks about exclusive brands higher revenue share from them helps 
on the EBTIDA margin side. But if you would list down two, three reasons for how we should 
track the EBITDA margin going forward that will be helpful. That's all from my side, sir.  

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Y Saboo:  
Okay, Rahul. First about the vertical specialists and why, what Ethos does better than anybody 
else. You're right. Selling luxury watches is a highly skilled and technically oriented retail. 
People believe that watches are expensive INR 5 lakh and INR 10 lakh watches that price only 
because of the brand, that's not true.  
There is a huge amount of engineering, there's a huge amount of knowhow and specialization 
that goes into the watches and collectors who buy that kind of watch, want to know what is 
special about this watch? Why is it INR 5 lakhs? Why is it INR 10 lakhs? Why is it INR 2 
lakhs? While you get a Quartz watch for a good Quartz watch for INR 10,000.  
Why do some mechanical watches from collector brands cost INR 25 lakhs, INR 30 lakhs? 
And for this, you need a very specialized and highly trained manpower. So, this is the first 
point. Ethos invests in training its manpower multiple times more than any other retailer, and 
the brands recognize this. Brands have training sessions where sometimes more than one 
retailer representatives are there. And time after time, the representatives of Ethos are rated as 
the highest by the brand. So, this is the first point. 
Second point, our digital network. Our digital reach due to the network that we have is in all 
India reach. And this contribution to the reach of the brand without having too many points of 
sale. You are aware that today brands are saying I don't want 20 points of sale or 30 points of 
sale or 50 points of sale, they don't want too many points of sale, but they want qualitative 
points of sale. If with a limited number of points of sale brand can reach the all-India market 
stores become efficient, brands become successful, so this is the other unique strength that 
Ethos brings on the table.  
These are the two strongest strengths. I'm sure there are more, which I would love to discuss 
and reveal. For example, how the quality of a service that we order. The dependability that we 
offer, the transparency that we offer. These are all things that are highly valued by brands. The 
professionalism of our purchasing of our dependability, of our payments these are all very, 
very strong, factors that go into nurturing our brand relationships.  
As far as the new brands are concerned. We have 33 brands, we believe we will sign on more, 
especially in the high price segment. We need a portfolio that is equal to the best in the world. 
Why did in the past, why did Indians shop outside India when they were looking for expensive 
or luxury watches? They said that in India, we don't have enough choice.  
We don't have enough choice of brands, and within the brand, we don't have enough choice of 
merchandise. Ethos has changed that forever. Today you go into an Ethos store, the 
experience, the portfolio of brands, the brand width the product width within each portfolio is 
equal to similar global stores in India.  
And that's the reason why we are seeing more and more Indian customers buying in India. 
Ofcourse, the other reason is that price in India are competitive with anywhere in the world. 
So, that is the reason why we believe there will be new brands that we'll be signing on, It'll  
help us to present the most exciting portfolio of brands to our customers. It's difficult to put a 
number to it, but wait for good news you will see it coming.  
You asked whether it's going to be completely new brands or some who are present, or already 
present in India. Can't really say that, but I can tell you that brands in the past, which were 
working through distributors or agents have chosen to work with us exclusively because of the 
benefits it offers them. So, we hope to add more new brands, whether first time or already 
existing in India.  
Your last question was on margin growth. The two most important reasons you already said, 
which is exclusive brand and the operating leverage. However, I may add that the, as our 
marketing and our storytelling and our communication becomes important, and as our service 
becomes important and valuable our aftersales service and the credibility of the brand Ethos 
scores.  
The other factor that we see happening is that the consumer discounts that we have to offer, 
those are gradually going down. You may recall that in past years, there were often offers in 
consumer sales we don't have to do that very often now. Consumers are happy to buy at even a 
low discount from Ethos or no discount from ethos very often because they value the service, 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            May 30, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
the product, the reliability of what we offer at Ethos, and this is also helping us to improve our 
margin.  
Rahul Agarwal:  
Right, sir. Sir, one, just one follow-up. Under certified preowned business how do the sourcing 
really work? As in, you said you are the largest sourcing retailer in the country for 35 
preowned in India today, but how's, it really work in terms of getting the right product, getting 
it the right time. And then, as Pranav mentioned, the terms are very high, so how quickly do 
you liquidate? Could just throw some light here, sir?  
Y Saboo:  
So the purchasing process is a very key process in the certified pre-owned business. Why? 
Because A, you need to connect with interested sellers. With a pan India network it gives us a 
huge strength because, when a customer comes to buy a watch, they're very often surprised 
when a person in the store also asks, sir, would you have or ma’am would you have a watch 
that you're not using which you would like to sell and upgrade to another watch or maybe just 
sell it? And they're very surprised. Oh, you're doing that too.  
Yes. So, the pan India network of tools, which nobody else has gives us that leverage. How 
does it work? So, obviously when we buy a watch, before we buy the watch, the customer 
wants to know what is the approximate price, that they can get. But for that, we need to judge 
whether the watch is genuine, what is the condition of the watch so there is a provisional 
documentation that is done. Then the watch is shipped to our central service center experts, 
then check the watch for its genuineness, for what will be the refurbishment cost that is 
communicated agreed with the customer.  
When it is agreed, when the final documentation is done, the refurbishment is done and it is 
offered for sale. The refurbishment process, and all of this takes about a month, but after that, 
within a month, this watch sells out on an average. We have less than a month of stock of pre-
owned watches. Our bottleneck has actually been up to now has been the, the refurbishing 
capacity, but this as Pranav mentioned, we have trained 17 watchmakers.  
We have a state-of-the-art service center. So, this capacity is steadily going up. And with this, 
we will be buying more and selling more.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference to 
the management for closing comments.  
Y Saboo:  
Thank you very much. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the listeners and 
everyone who joined in this maiden earnings call of Ethos. Thank you for your confidence, and 
we look forward to remaining connected. Thank you, Pranav, and thank you Ritesh. And thank 
you Samir Bhai, for being on the call as well. Thanks very much. Goodbye. Have a nice day.  
Ritesh Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks all the participants.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Ethos Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
Y Saboo:  
 
Thanks. 
