SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
June 07, 2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, 
1* Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Plot No. C/1, G- Block 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai — 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 509874 
NSE Symbol 
: SHALPAINTS 
Sub: Transcript of call with investors and analysts held on May 31, 2022 at 04:00 P.M. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation to our letter dated May 27, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule ITI of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of conference call held with the investors and analysts on 
May 31, 2022 at 04:00 p.m. on the financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 
31, 
2022. 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link: 
https://www.shalimarpaints.com/investors-relations. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shalimar Paints Limited 
t 
Sy) 
—_— 
Shikha Rastogi 
Company Secretary 
  
Encl.: as above 
Shalimar Paints Ltd. 
| 
Corporate Office: 1* Floor, Plot No. 28, Sector 32, Gurugram - 122001, Haryana 
SHALIMAR 
| 
Regd. Office: Stainless Centre, 4” Floor, Plot No. 50, Sector 32, Surugram - 122001, Haryana. 
AINTS 
| 
Call: +91 124 461 6600 
Fax: +91 124 441 6659 Toll Free: 180-103-6509 
| 
Email Id: askus@shalimarpaints.com 
Website: www.shalimarpaints.com CIN: L24222HR1902PLC065611

© 
SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
“Shalimar Paints 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2022 
© 
cHor@®e 
s@cPAi 
SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK KUMAR GUPTA 
- MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
SHALIMAR PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. 
MOHIT KUMAR DONTER 
- 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - SHALIMAR PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. KULDEEP RAINA, DIRECTOR - SALES, MARKETING 
AND 
STRATEGIC 
SOURCING 
- 
SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
LIMITED 
Page 1 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Moderator: 
Rasika Sawant: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2022 earnings conference call 
of Shalimar Paints Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
2 
by pressing 
‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Rasika Sawant from Orient Capital — 
Investor Relations Partner. Thank you and over to you Ms. Rasika! 
Thank you and welcome to the Q4 FY2022 earnings conference call of Shalimar Paints 
Limited. Today on this call we have Mr. Ashok Kumar Gupta — Managing Director along 
with the senior management team. 
This conference 
call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company which are based on the belief, opinions and expectations as 
of today. Actual result may differ materially. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A 
detailed safe harbor statement is given on page No.2 of the company investor presentation 
which has been uploaded on the stock exchange and company’s website as well. With this, 
I 
now handover the call to Mr. Ashok Kumar Gupta for his opening remarks. Over to you 
Sir! 
Good morning friends. Welcome to this conference call. As would you all have seen that 
our results for the quarter January-March have been much better than earlier. We have been 
able 
to show 
a growth 
in 
sales, 
particularly 
in the industrial segment even with the 
decorative segment the performance 
has improved 
in 
the water based 
category. My 
colleague Mohit will give you the financial results then we will open it for question and 
answer. 
Thank very much Sir. Good evening everyone. Welcome to this conference call 
all the 
investors. 
I hope you are taking good care of your health and yourself. Let me bnef you 
about the last quarter operations as well as the financials and after that me and my colleague 
Mr. Kuldeep and Mr. Gupta will take any questions 
if you have any queries on the 
performance of the quarter. 
In the last quarter we have grown by 9% from last quarter which is December 2021 and 
during this quarter, the company has grown in water based segment by 18% if I talk about 
in last two years from March 2021. Company has also grown significantly in the industrial 
segment by 31% from the previous quarter and 14% from the 
last. Over the last few 
Page 2 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Vaibhav: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
quarters the raw material prices have seen an increasing track which have contracted the 
gross margin and impacting the overall profitability of the company. During the quarter the 
cost of goods sold remain at 71% which is 5% lower than the last quarter and 3% from last 
year. So during the quarter the cost of goods sold, we tried to restrict up to some extent 
because of the price increase of 7% to 10% during the quarter and if 
I talk about the full 
year we have taken around 25% to 30% of the price increase. 
The company has taken the price increase of 7% to 10% until the last quarter and 25% from 
the last year. In the quarter we have positive EBITDA of Rs.20 lakh which was a negative 
in the last year same quarter and a loss of Rs.12.7 Crore mainly on account of high cost of 
the raw materials and the increasing trend in the commodity cycle. If I talk about the full 
year which have closed the year 358 Crore which is a growth of 10% from the last year. The 
cost of goods sold which is 75% of my net receivables increased by 7% in the topline which 
has significantly affected my gross margin by 7%. Moreover the other cost has been 
sustained the other expenses are increased by 1% on account of a few debtor adjustment 
line item and other fund raising cost which company had incurred during the year. The 
EBITDA is negative 17 Crore during the year and the working capital days if 
1 talk about 
71 days which is now 64 days. The inventory as well as debtors both are the same as in the 
last year, however we have significantly improved in the payment cycle because now the 
company has gone to get the confidence of the vendors while paying them in time and 
clearing the old debts. So that is it from my side. Over to Mr. Gupta. 
So with this small briefing we are now open for questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vaibhav, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity and good afternoon to the management. 
I have two specific 
questions on your fund raising, the first one is that for the funds that you have raised so far 
how does that reflect on your balance sheet right now because it seems you still have a 
fair 
amount of borrowing and you are still carrying 
a decent amount of cash that you have 
received so that is the first question if you could have answer that please. Thank you. 
Thank you Vaibhav. Thank you very much. So as on 31 March, 2022 the company has a 
total deposits of Rs.165 Crore and if] talk about the borrowing side, the company has some 
long term borrowings which 
is in the form 
of term loan from IDFC we took around 
December last year and some CECL loan which now government supported us at the time 
Page 3 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Vaibhav: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Vaibhav: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
of Covid so those are the loans which are reflecting in the books in the long term as well as 
in the short term borrowing and at the same time we reduced our cash credit limit by almost 
70%-75% and utilized only 30% of that, total limit allowed. At the same time the company 
has the amount in asset side that we kept in FD by around 150 Crore. 
Understood. And Sir this money you have received the 215 Crores that is fully received on 
form of preferential shares, 
I believe the optionally convertible debentures of 55 Crores that 
money would have come and have the warrants that you announced in March of 2022 the 
25% paid up to that extent has that money also come in Rs.38-odd Crores? 
No, that money has came in April, so as of 31 March that money was not in the books. 
So Sir Rs.38 Crores has left? 
So out of 150 Crore, 25% we have received in April that is of warrants, but preferential 
capital and the debenture of 55 Crore that money came 
in February itself so that 
is 
reflecting in my balance sheet as on 31 March, however warrant money will reflect in June 
financial year. 
Okay understood. Sir second question is the fund raising that you have done across these 
two rounds we remember that in the third quarter results call and this was after the initial 
round 
of fund 
raised 
from 
Inframarket which 
was 
the combination 
of equity 
and 
convertible debt that you have done, you had said that there is no further infusion which is 
been planned 
so what changed that between then and few weeks later when you have 
announced the second round in which both the promoter and Infra.market has invested 
again and most specifically what made you choose this specific structure which is through a 
partially paid up warrants kind of a structure? 
Mohit one second, so what happens the difference is, while the initial round of funding was 
primarily 
for the working 
capital purposes, 
the second round 
is basically 
for capital 
investments, so the second round is primarily with the view of increase in capacity of the 
company, as you know we have three plants and one plant in Howrah is closed, today the 
condition of the company what it is we were having plans to modernize our plants, a cost of 
production is slightly higher because the plants are old and they are highly manual, so to 
increase both the capacity as well as to automate the plant we needed this capital that is why 
it has been raised. 
Page 4 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Yes, again this is my very simple and humble view point that, 
I do not know, this structure 
itself seemed very weird and probably not the nght way, the way I looked at it was that this 
is basically you have partially paid significantly the money option to the promoter and 
Infra.Market and not allowed any minority holder to participate, the way I look at it is that 
Shalimar is nght now very small so this kind of equity issuance might fly under the radar, 
I 
guess that is the main headlines talk, one of the index talk, there would have probably been 
a lot of questions for the management on thing such as governance as well as minority 
interest and possibly you would have probably seen a very significant price impact as well, 
but as soon as I read this news I thought there would be a lot of question and probably you 
will see, for some reason that did not happen, my whole sense was why this is not happened 
for Shalimar is purely because of the fact that the company and the stock is relatively small, 
so I am not sure what made you think of this structure, why you did not go for a nghts issue 
or a plain vanilla equity issuance even if the promoter had to participate 
I did not see any 
reason why they should have been or anyone asa publicly listed company should have been 
incentivized disproportionately versus the minority shareholders so 
I think that was the 
point I was trying to make. 
It was the decision we have taken because the right issue and all other means of investment 
were all viewed and a decision was taken where it is possible that the money will be coming 
from, where that we were sure that the funds will be raised that was the necessity that we 
wanted to ensure that the funds will come through and that is how this particular instrument 
was looked at. 
Sir again I think, 
I do not want to hog the limelight here I will ask this later, let others ask 
questions as well, but this is very contrary to a view which good companies which have 
shown good corporate governance and you look through the last 20 to 30 year history and 
you know companies are either than divested future the kind of value they have associated, 
the companies like Wipro or even very recently the kind of the partially paid issuance that 
Reliance did it was done for all shareholders, this seems like instead of Rs.130 price 
I can 
pay up 25% and when we know the kind of prospects that a company like Shalimar has 
over the next two three years even if you use basic corporate finance principle and use the 
cost of equity as the benchmark the kind of severely in the money option that promoters 
have got it seems something which is very difficult to digest for a minority shareholder, 
again it is a decision which the management has to take all minority holders approve, 
| am 
sure there is a whole process that you have gone through but intuitively to 
a minority 
shareholder it does not look right, if this was a headline company doing this I am sure there 
would have been a lot more questions, 
I am just giving this as feedback to you guys. 
Page 5 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Vishwajit Rathod: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Vishwajeet Rathod: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Vishwajeet Rathod: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Yes, we understood your feedback and yes, we understand what you are talking about, yes 
of course the decision was taken keeping in view what are the possible fall out of different 
options and this was considered as better way of facing it. 
Right Sir, thank you so much and all the best for the future. 
Thank you Vaibhav. 
The next question is from the line of Vishwajeet Singh Rathod with Equity Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon every one. Sir I had a few questions regarding our facility. So currently we 
are operating three manufacturing facilities with an annual production of around 69,000 
plus kilo liters I just wanted to know at the moment what is our current capacity utilization 
and how are we dividing this capacity utilization for decorative versus industrial paints? 
So Vishwajit you have rightly mentioned that we have a production capacity of 69000 kl 
per year and as of now our Sikandrabad plant which is in fact north hub and catering to the 
northern and eastern market is operating at 75% of the capacity, 75% to 80% hovering 
around 5% plus or minus. Our Nasik plant which is catering to western market is operating 
at 60% to 70% of the capacity, however our Chennai plant taking care of southern market is 
operating at lower capacity. So in comparative if 
I talk about our all India capacity is being 
operational I would say 50% to 60%. 
Okay so within this 50% to 60% what is the difference which we have for decorative paints 
versus industrial paints like in terms of kiloliters? 
So typically all the manufacturing plants are equipped well for the production of industrial 
as well as the decorative paints, whereas within the segment as we have a share of 30% to 
35% in the industrial segment and 65% to 70% in the decorative segment. If I compare my 
production capacity we can very well produce more than 50% 
for the industrial 
side 
because most of the machines we can shift or we can convert as per requirement. Typically 
there are few machines which are only for the industrial because those are solvent based, 
where 100% capacity is dedicated to industrial. 
So out of the 30%-35% of the industrial paints which we are currently doing we are 
generating 144 Crore revenue from it, at 9700 kilo liters which we are doing in volumes, so 
Page 6 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vishwajeet Rathod: 
Mohit Kumar Donter: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Chawatia: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Rajesh Chawatia: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
our margins in the industrial paint versus the decorative paint do we have a huge difference 
substantial difference, or it is almost the same? 
So let me give a view of margin of the different segments, we are working on industrial 
segments and within decorative we are working 
in solvent based and water based, you 
know all prices have increased by more than 100% in last one and half to two years, our 
margin prior to that used to be almost similar in all the three segments that means industrial, 
decorative solvent and decorative water based. After the increase in oil prices, 
solvent 
paints have taken a big hit, while the cost of production has gone up, raw material have 
gone 
up finished prices have 
not increased 
in tandem, 
the increase 
is gradual, 
it 
is 
happening it is taking time, there is a lag, because of that lag margins of water based are 
much higher than the margins of industrial or solvent based. 
Okay, so 
I would not take much of your time 
I will come back in the queue but thank you 
for answering all my questions. 
Thank you. 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Chawatia, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hello thanks for the opportunity. First Sir if you could help me with the roadmap of the 
FY2023 and FY2024 going forward? 
So FY2023 and FY2024, as we are having two things in mind one is our capacity utilization 
which means basically we will be increasing our sales so our plan is to increase sales so that 
existing capacities can be better utilized 
at the same time we will 
be increasing 
our 
capacities as well. 
I cannot give you exact numbers like how much increase will happen but 
we are planning that our increase will be much higher than the industry average. We hope to 
gain market share from other players. 
Okay and Sir this capacity increase will be via way of fresh capex or de-bottlenecking in 
existing facilities? 
I think this is very relevant point you have raised, so current facilities the way they are they 
are pretty old, and also the capacity of each plant is in the range of around 20,000-25,000 kl 
per annum, now typically if you see the modern plants, most of them are having capacities 
Page 7 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Rajesh Chawatia: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
of at least 50,000 to 100,000 kl per annum, so that way our capacities are much lower. What 
it linked to it leads to slightly uneconomical production cost, so we are now modernizing it 
de-bottlenecking it also increasing marginally our capacity so that capacity of each plant is 
at least 50,000 to 100,000 kl per annum with that not only the production volume can go up 
but more important than that our production cost can come down and so also the quality can 
improve. Today we are taking small batches, the quality differs from batch to batch and 
then because lot of work is manual the quality also at times suffers. So we are carrying out 
debottlenecking, we are carrying out capacity expansion and we are carrying out some kind 
of a brownfield expansion. 
Okay, thank you Sir, that is it from my side. 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Deorah with Divisha Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Good afternoon Sir. Sir since we last interacted 
I believe we have gone in for an auditor 
change so Sir can you highlight what are the internal changes we have made inside the 
company since you have done preferential after a year than the preferential allotment? 
So the first work we had doing internally is strengthening our team. Since the company had 
limited funds earlier we were not going aggressive on talent acquisition but after fund 
acquisition the first step we are taking 
is talent acquisition, as you know people are the 
pillars of any good organization so keeping that in mind we are trying to get the best people 
on our team, we have taken a very senior person in sales from a different company, having a 
wonderful experience in paint industry so also in production. We are also focusing on IT for 
which we have taken a senior person from the field and we are also taking some senior 
people in research R&D, these four are the pillars for any organization, sales production 
apart from the work we have already done in supply chain, source chain, finance and HR 
where we already had very stable and a strong team so with this the first step we are taking 
is strengthening our leadership team within the organization. Apart from that we 
are 
working on system and processes, so that when the new auditor comes similar processes are 
robust enough to give the desired level of comfort to the new auditor. These are the two 
things primarily we are doing. 
Okay, Sir have we started using the infra market distribution network? 
Page 8 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Moderator: 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
So Infra market has started working on their sales and they had started contributing in a 
limited way in our overall sales so that first step have been taken and slowly they will be a 
playing a very major role in our operations. 
Sir with respect to the industry, if we just go back the headlines we see that there are new 
players who are entering this industry so how do you see yourself, you see yourself as a 
challenger or an incumbent. 
So if you see the new players who are coming up primarily they are focusing on at the 
moment on decorative paints so we see that we have a very established brand so to that 
extent we 
are 
a challenger in the sense that we 
are already 
in the country, we have 
established presence, 
distribution 
is strong 
and with 
capital having been infused 
is 
a 
question of utilizing our facilities and taking the company to greater height. The new 
facility which are coming will have to take time to establish themselves and workout their 
own niche in the market so perhaps we are better placed to be present in the market than the 
new players. 
Sir just one last question, you mentioned about the capex that you will be incurring this year 
for expansion of the plant capacity, how much would be the spending on the same, this year 
and the next year? 
I think within next two to two and half years we will be spending around 100 to 150 Crores 
in capex expansion but plans are still being worked out, nothing is final as yet, perhaps by 
the end of this quarter we will have something more concrete plans. 
Okay thank you Sir. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Ninad Sabnis with Sabnis Financials. 
Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon, thank you for giving me the opportunity. So 
I have been hearing through 
the call and] guess my question is also on a similar line as the person who asked before me, 
everybody is excited about the up liftment in business which can be brought by Infra market 
and 
I just wanted to know how can we leverage this further to enhance our supply chains, 
because we have a decade or almost a century old presence in the country, which are some 
specifics would you be approaching in the say first half of the next year? 
Page 9 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Moderator: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
See you rightly said, our biggest strength is the products we have or products being suitable 
for their applications and most importantly the faith and trust, and the second strength we 
have is our team so first step we are taking is utilizing that trust, improving ourselves so that 
the trust and the strength of brand which we have can be utilized so our first function is 
increasing our distribution, increasing our customer base. Products are already developed to 
a large extent and with the fund being now available it is possible to expand our customer 
base. So in the first two months we received funds somewhere in last week of February, we 
have been able to increase our customer base to some degree, this process has strengthened 
up now in speed and we hope to double our customer base in may be next couple of years. 
So that is our first attempt. Current product line plus our brand leading to increase 
in 
customer base which will obviously increase revenue. 
Our second 
strategy would be 
working out and wherever the gaps in our product line with the help of R&D we will be 
filling those gaps in fact we are hoping to give a big boost to the current range of products 
we have. So far as decorative is concerned we already have around 70% to 80% of the 
product which are required in the market, balance will be developed in due course, on the 
industrial front as you know we have a very good name and very good approval rating there 
we will be increasing our product to a large extent so that we can cover almost the entire 
industrial protective coating market. 
So if I may ask a follow up on that, looking at our growth how much will it be driven by 
value and how much we anticipating or we targeted for FY2023? 
We are working on much higher than the industrial growth, so if the industry grows say by 
around 12%-13% we are planning to increase more than double of that industry growth. 
Correct Sir, but majority of the volumes would be 
I am assuming more from the industrial 
side and followed by the decorative? 
Yes, the growth may be faster than earlier in industrial as compared to decorative. 
So 
I just wanted to understand the mix, alright so this pretty much answers my question. 
Thank you so much for your time and best of luck for FY¥2023. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav an Individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 10 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
So thank you for the opportunity again. So Mr. Gupta I have a question specifically for you, 
you surely have done a great job when specially you contextualize what Shalimar has been 
able to achieve through the pandemic situation, we are now at a steady state base of at least 
400 Crores of annualized revenue. We are also hearing a lot of news of Infra market getting 
very aggressive in expanding its footprint and there has also been a lot of news and you also 
talked about in plenty of new appointments at Shalimar. Now you have already mentioned 
that targeting, say a doubling of growth versus industry benchmark but probably if you 
could throw more color on how this revenue trajectory would play out say over the next 
three years especially against the context that you know when you took over you had 
outlined a goalpost of reaching about a Rs.1000 Crores of revenues, how does that target 
get bolstered 
either 
in terms 
of the 
target getting 
higher 
or the 
timeline 
is 
getting 
significantly shorter with all the positive developments that have been happening around 
Shalimar and Infra, that is the first question? Thank you. 
I think you very nghtly said that we had planned for a significant growth couple of years 
back now there were two challenges we have faced. All along we faced the problem of 
insufficient funds and as ] mentioned earlier also the issue was having funds even to supply 
current customers and the second was Covid. Now if you see Covid impacted 
all the 
industry and within the industry all the players. We were slightly more affected because our 
cash flows totally got jammed. This infusion has opened up those avenues and now I think 
we are well on way of achieving the 1000 Crore target, we cannot say the number of time 
period we will take, but now with the kind of results we have seen in last three months, the 
base figure which have come in three months, we see that our objective our mission our 
dream of crossing 1000 Crore is looking within reasonable period within reach and that is 
why I mentioned that we are planning that even if the industry grows by around 10%-12% 
year on year we should be growing at least double that pace so with that you can understand 
that we plan to cross 1000 in next two-three years, three-four years at the most. 
Okay 
Sir, 
that 
is 
great 
to 
hear 
and 
there 
is obviously going 
to 
be 
a 
contribution 
incrementally on revenues through Infra.Market, 
so how should we look at margins of 
product which you 
will 
sell through your conventional 
channels versus that through 
Infra.Market and there have been, 
I think there were some questions in the previous few 
quarters about possibly a private label or manufacturing contract that Infra Market might 
have with Shalimar where Shalimar could do the manufacturing and Infra would sell it so if 
that were to happen, so one is that you know something which we are still working towards 
and if that were to happen what would margin look like? 
Page 11 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Vaibhav: 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
So, you know so far as Infra.Market is concerned they are like any other channel we have 
for our distribution 
so the margins by far are same as for other channels whether 
it is 
industrial or for decorative. So far as now producing for them currently we have plans only 
to sell all our products in the Shalimar brand name because that brand name is established 
and we want to use it. So there are no plans to the contrary at this moment. 
Okay, so if I just squeeze in one more on, so at a 
target of 1000 Crores of revenues that we 
are targeting is it reasonable to expect that margin should be in low to mid teens or do you 
see any margin pressures or possible the margin tailwind with that level of revenues? 
So 
if you 
see, currently our raw material account for around 70%-71% 
- 72% 
of the 
revenue. Going forward this should come down and not go up, the reason being that oil 
price has increased whatever has happened is ultimately being passed on to the consumers 
and if we have to increase our revenue we should not be looking at a significant dilution of 
the margin, so the margin may be in the range of 70% to 72% I am talking about the cost of 
goods, may be in that range which has been there for last one year, we do not intend to 
increase this significantly or reduce our gross margin from 28%-29% to a lower figure to 
increase our revenue. Revenue increase should take place by protecting this margins. 
Understood but at the EBITDA level, so your selling, employee and other expenses there 
you do not see either a margin leverage or even a pressure going forward? 
At EBITDA level this will further improve, because our fixed cost are not going to increase, 
fixed cost are sufficient to take us to the 1000 Crore level, so 
I expect that the EBITDA 
level margin will significantly increase as and when the revenue goes up. 
Understood and I am sure that you do not want to guide us toward any particular number at 
this stage. 
We are hoping for the good numbers. 
Sure Sir, we are hoping for that too. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Thank you. 
In the interest of time that was the last question. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ashok Kumar Gupta for closing comments. 
Page 12 of 13

SHALIMAR 
PAINTS 
Ashok Kumar Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Shalimar Paints Limited 
May 31, 2022 
Thank you my frends. 
I understand my frends and colleagues in the industry of and their 
expectation as to the operation of the company and the results. 
I just want to assure you that 
the funds having come in the last month of the last quarter, things are changing fast and you 
will 
see 
a good improvement in next quarter itself. 
I know our shareholders have kept 
patience for a long time. 
I believe and 
I can assure you that the time for results have come 
now and you should be seeing some positivity from this quarter itself. With this, thank you 
for your participation. 
Thank you. On behalf of Shalimar Paints Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 13 of 13
