TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
June 9, 2022
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Analyst/Investor meeting - transcripts
Please find attached the transcripts of presentations and questions and answers session from 
the analyst/investor meeting held in Mumbai on May 31, 2022.
This will also be hosted on the website at www.infosys.com.
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 

 
 
“Infosys Limited Analyst Meet 2022” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
 
 
 

Salil Parekh 
Good afternoon everyone. Great to see all of you here and great to have you here with us. Thank 
you for coming for this session. We have, as you will see in the agenda, quite a packed line up 
today. We want to talk to you a little bit about our overall strategy, give you a sense of what is 
going on with our digital and cloud work, talk a little bit about go to market, and really what is 
happening in Financial Services, then give you a sense of how we are engaging more and more 
with all of our employees, and then have a sense of what we are driving in terms of our numbers 
and our sustainability work, and then leave it open for Q&A. So, fairly packed agenda. 
I am going to start it off with the overview on strategy. Some of this I think you have seen before 
in the strategic discussion, but I want to share with you what happened in the time since we started. 
Of course, every session will have the safe harbor slide as well. So, as you know we put in place a 
strategy a few years ago which was focused essentially on what we are driving in digital, what we 
want to do with energizing the core, what we want to do in terms of re-skilling all of our people 
and then how we want to drive what we then call localization and underpinning all of that was 
much more focus on client relevance and really relentless focus on execution. 
Now 4 years later, we have had some good success with that as you have seen. We are really 
considered a digital leader in the market today. Today, we have 54 different categories where we 
are considered one of the leaders - when we started a few years ago this was more in the range of 
24. Beyond that we have seen our digital revenue has grown from about 25% to close to 60% if 
you look at our Q4 numbers of last year. 
The growth which was 5.8%, the year before we launched the strategy is up to 19.7% last year and 
looking very strong. A lot of market share gain in that growth that we saw. Accounts over $100mn, 
we were at about 20 then - today at about 38 and that we see as a very good sign of the trust that 
the clients have in what we are driving. 
Employees, from about 200,000 to 300,000 - so big change in the scale and the size of the company 
itself. Significant market share gain as I mentioned earlier, and if we look at our total shareholder 
return, it is the leading one amongst our peers in that timeframe. So, we put together a strategy, we 

executed it well and we had some very good outcomes, but that was, as they say all in the past, 
what we are doing in the future? 
What we see today is Digital and Cloud is still very dominant in its growth. If you look at the 
overall tech services market, people estimate - this is from third party analysts - in the range of 5% 
to 6% growth over the next 5 years. If you then take the digital and cloud part of it, that is around 
$400 bn plus or minus which people estimate will go to about $800 bn plus or minus, growing in 
that sort of 14% - 16% type of a range over the next several years. So, this is where we focused in 
the past and we are going to continue to focus. We will fine tune some of that focus which I will 
share with you. 
We have a huge opportunity to continue to gain market share in this, in part because we made 
some very good capability building in these areas and in part because we are in this cycle also 
going to build up some more new capabilities. We of course understand that there are macro 
environment, there are lots of changes that are going on, interest rates are going up, inflation 
worries are there, the supply chain concerns in many parts of the world. 
What we see today is, a very strong demand outlook and we continue to see the overall trend which 
is driven by Digital and Cloud to be sustainable over this course of this time and even through all 
of these macro environment points, we see companies are focused on large digital transformation 
programs and that will continue.  
Now, what are the elements as we look ahead? We have tried to keep it along these five lines for 
the next few years. 
First, go big with Cloud and Cloud is the big opportunity, I will come back a little bit on where we 
are differentiated in the Cloud. Second, continue with all the intensity that we have had in Digital, 
we have some tremendous capability even outside of Cloud and continue with that. Third, we are 
taking this time to start to see some things which are in the next generation which may not have a 
result next quarter or the next financial year, but we will have some impact in the three-to-five-
year horizon. 

Then we have always been very strong in automation, and we want to continue to be the leaders 
in automation and modernization. And especially, as we see the macro developing, we will be even 
more relevant in what automation can give us in that market. Finally, more critically, redouble 
what we are doing with people care, with engagement with all of our employees, and how we want 
to make that the cornerstone of everything we do in the future.  
All this continues to be underpinned with the continued focus on client relevance and continued 
focus on execution which has always been the critical differentiator even as we put the strategic 
elements for the last 4 years. 
Now, on the Cloud business, one of the things that we have seen and noticed in the past couple of 
years is the launch we have had of Infosys Cobalt. Many of you have seen that launch, we have 
really built it out on some market leading capabilities. For example, we have Infra as a Service, 
relationships and partnerships with all the major public cloud players, we have our own private 
Cloud capability when we look it Infra as a Service. We have strong partnerships in Software as a 
Service. If you look at any of the big SaaS players, we are the number one, number two or number 
three partner worldwide. We are also now building out very strong partnerships and our own toolkit 
on Platform as a Service. Everything new that has been built today is Cloud Native, is Cloud First 
and the Platform as a Service becomes even more critical for that. 
Big moves on Data and Cybersecurity on the Cloud, these are becoming absolutely critical as we 
go ahead. And, of course, there is a lot of work on Advisory, on Design and Migration, but that is 
not the only element of the cloud, all of the other elements are more and more relevant. Then, we 
have now started much more industry solutions within the Cloud and which are all available within 
Cobalt and this is what is helping us fuel our growth. 
You might have seen last quarter we had 40% growth in Digital. We had in Cloud a growth that 
was even faster than that and we can see us gaining tremendous market share in the Cloud space.  
On Digital, we will continue with the intensity, there was a pentagon that we had built. It is worked 
really well for us. We are continuing with what that tells us in terms of building capability for 
clients, whether it is on Data and Analytics, on Digital Engineering services, on IoT, on 
Cybersecurity, even on enterprise technology, for example, new work going on SAP S/4HANA 

and Hybris and so on. Then on Experience which is where we built all of our Digital Studios - we 
have now a global network of these studios across the world that is helping us as we work with 
our clients in all the new things that they are doing.  
Then the next generation seeding, here we have taken a few ideas and started to build them out 
with great depth within the business. For example, there is a set of companies which are called 
Digital Natives or technology native companies, these are growing very fast. We have a very good 
business with them today and we are expanding the footprint to work with them, to benefit from 
the growth that these companies are seeing.  
We have also been very strong in Europe, but we want to now look even more deeply in what is 
going on in expanding in Europe, good traction in the Nordics, good traction in Germany, even 
more scaling up in the UK, good traction in Switzerland. So, there is a lot of opportunities in 
Europe which we will go faster into. 
The new technology areas - you may have seen a few weeks ago we announced Metaverse foundry 
launch. We have other launches like this and internal capabilities whether it is on Web 3.0, of 
course Blockchain - we have been in there for number of years now and on technologies which 
relate more and more to what is going in the Quantum area. Finally, in the new seeding domain, 
the company has focused on sustainability over the years where we have ourselves driven to carbon 
net zero in 2020. We have taken all of those tools and more of what is going on in the market and 
built a practice for sustainability which we are seeing good traction with clients. It is still early 
days, but these are some of the new areas that we are starting to focus on.  
On Advanced Automation, this is where we have all of our core services, we have very good 
strength in BPM which we are building upon, advanced ADM, where we are putting in much more 
of the automation and no-code, low-code building of new tools, the Modernization area and then 
AI and Machine Learning, both our own tools and tools that we have from the market which we 
combine to drive automation. 
We have seen over the past several years, automation allowing our clients to benefit 10%, 15%, 
20% each year to improve their efficiency, and we have seen that internally into our own 
capabilities as well, and so we know this is something that is of huge interest for our clients. As 

we drive growth with Digital, there is always the play on automation which is helping them reduce 
their footprint and improve their efficiencies. 
On People care and development, we will have a full session where we will hear about a lot of the 
work which we are doing, it is very much focused on how do we enhance engagement with our 
employees, how do we attract and retain and develop our people. Much more faster, predictable 
career progression making sure that our employees see that it is predictable for them and that it is 
happening at a faster pace, an extensive reskilling for all of our people. We very much have the 
view that we want to make sure we reskill our employees as we go into the future and bring them 
with us in the new domains that we are going to see.  
One of the areas that I am always very keen to share is that as we look at all of these growth 
dimensions, we also have and again we will have a more detailed update with you later on in the 
afternoon, we have several levers that can help us drive to a much higher margin. 
There are levers which relate to how do we manage the role ratios and the pyramid within the 
organization. There are levers that relate to how do we manage the mix between onsite and 
offshore. We have also got very high level of subcontractor usage in the past few quarters and 
couple of years and we know that is a huge lever as we unwind that subcontractor usage percentage 
to give us more margin benefit. 
We know that automation itself will give us internally some benefit and we will capture some of 
the value from it. We realize the scale has changed as we have gone from 200,000 to 300,000 
employees. We know there is some operating leverage within the business, which we will bring 
into the margin benefit as well.  
And then, we have a method of looking at how do we communicate more and more the value of 
what we are driving with clients both from digital perspective, from a wage increase perspective 
and what do we do to make sure we capture some of that value back into our business and help us 
on the margin. So, we have a set of margin levers, which we are working on actively to make sure 
that as we drive the growth, we continue to drive a higher margin business.  

So, with that to conclude from my perceptive, first we have had in the last 4 years demonstrated 
that we have had a good strategy but even more important a very disciplined execution on that 
strategy, which has brought us to where we are today. Going ahead, we still see enormous 
opportunities especially in digital and cloud but in many areas across our business portfolio and 
we have built the portfolio which can hopefully benefit more and more from these opportunities. 
Our people engagement is already very robust, and we are now putting in more work into it to 
make it stronger still and to make sure that connect with the employees is very high. We have 
several levers which can drive us to a high margin as we go through the next few years and those 
are good things to have as we embark on this cycle. And we remain well poised to continue to gain 
market share, drive growth and continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, but especially 
for all of our shareholders who are represented here.  
So, with that thank you and I pass it back for the next session. 
We have a couple of sessions now which will relate to what we are doing in Digital and Cloud and 
more on the market. Thank you. 
 

“Infosys Limited Analyst Meet 2022” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 

Nilanjan Roy 
Good afternoon everyone. Wonderful to see so many familiar faces after so long and look forward 
to our engagement post this event as well. There is a saying attributed to Lenin and it says that 
there are decades when nothing happens and then there are weeks and months when decades 
happen. I think, all of us will agree this is one of those times, there is so much change around us.  
So, in that background, our performance in financial year 2022 was truly remarkable in many 
respects. Industry leading growth largely organic, not entirely organic, of 20% YoY and it is 
important to understand that this was at the back of a growth of 5% in FY2021. So there was not 
really a bounce back effect, because in FY2021 we see us as probably the only one of our scale 
and size which actually grew and didn’t decline during the peak of COVID.  
Operating margins in this challenging macro environment continues to hold up at 23%. Digital 
growth which really is differentiating and helping us gain market share is now at 57% of revenue. 
94 large deals at an impressive $9.5 bn. I think this number, a lot of people are comparing with 
FY2021 etc., and we know some of the impact of that, but in FY2021 we have had 76 new large 
deals, which are deals of $50 mn plus TCV. This year we have done 94 of these and this gives us 
an opportunity to further expand or mine these accounts and the point which Mohit had made to 
make these into the $50 to $100 mn annual bracket and then take them up. That is I think the metric 
which sometimes is underappreciated in terms of the number of large deals we have done last year 
as well. Very strong FCF conversion, focus on cash, Capex and finally in DSO and ROE at a record 
29.1%. The Holy Grail of all of you- TSR and we continue to be very, focused, this is of course 
linked to employee compensations in 2019 plan and we continue to be at the top quartile of that.  
So what I am going to talk about is, as we look ahead, I think this is about both fueling and driving 
growth, creating the headroom for the organization. We can actually support this growth initiative 
but at the same time being relentless and ruthless in taking out inefficiencies and cost from the 
system and that is the whole purpose of this. So, it starts of by making sure that we are able to 
fulfill the supply side opportunity which we see at times and we will talk about that, how are we 
taking out cost from the margin drivers.  

Pricing, I think the industry has larger been very squeamish about this but this is something we 
will have to address as a company and do we bake in and sell pricing to our clients. Building 
strategic capabilities, and the investments we have to do and some of that Salil and some of the 
speakers have talked about. Programmatic M&A and disciplined M&A approach for us. And 
finally rounding that of with our sustainability and ESG credentials.  
Starting with the supply side, this is a demand frankly we have to fulfill at any cost and that is what 
we are seeing around there. We do not want to leave demand on the table. There is always a time 
we know we can optimize on the cost. And therefore, in a way when this demand comes, are we 
able to fulfill it as an industry? The reality is that both in terms of sheer numbers of headcount and 
the skills which you need there is a gap. You cannot train people fast enough, you may not have 
enough freshers coming in who have to get skilled and then on the new technology and rotate 
people inside. Sometime this is a short-term timing issue as well. But until then I know, we are 
very clear that either we have to get subcons in and we have seen the subcon numbers and some 
of you have asked questions around that. Some of these are on tap, on demand which may not be 
the most preferred way but, like I said, we have to find ways to fulfill this demand which is in front 
of us. 
Increased compensation, investments, Krish talked about that, the various wage hikes we have 
done during the year, the one which we are planning now from 1st of April, the cost of promotions 
progression and finally the fresher’s intake and the 85,000 freshers coming in. We will train them, 
we will skill them but of course they will have their own time to get utilized. You cannot get them 
into production, in to project, from day one and of course that will have an impact on the overall 
cost structure. Having said that, we know that if we leave a five-year deal on the table, it is better 
for us to get this demand and then look at cost later rather than saying we just cannot fulfill this 
demand and therefore these investments are truly required.  
From the margin driver perspective I think the levers, many of you are familiar with, the ability to 
create a pyramid onsite - very unique for us with our six hubs for instance, in the US we now hire 
about 3,000 freshers in the US alone each year and the ability to build a full pyramid which earlier 
use to be largely an offshore sort of a mechanism. Now you can actually build an onsite pyramid 
as well and actually take out cost, internal rotation and promotion. Also, the higher freshers intakes 

we talked about 85,000 freshers last year and this year we have already said we will start with 
50,000 freshers and putting that into our overall pyramid.  
Subcon cost - used to be about 6.5% before the pandemic started, today we are at about 11.1%. Of 
course, these come at a premium, but we know this is a lever which we can deploy, both in terms 
of volume and the number of subcons we have. There is a program we run, subcon to hire, which 
is when we can hire a subcon as an employee or we can replace a subcon with an existing 
employee. And also in terms from a rate perspective, because subcons come at a remarkable and 
a higher premium, so whether we can buy much more efficiently, consolidate the vendors we are 
buying from, looking at more buying programmatically with the rate card approach rather the 
margin approach as well. So more innovative ways of looking at subcon hiring.  
Automation - that is the bedrock of our cost optimization. It is embedded into everything we do 
on a daily basis and in fact that is a whole program. Over the last 3-4 years when this program 
started it was run more like a project - the cost optimization project. Today it is seeped into 
whatever we do, in all the functions, in all delivery. So it is not sitting there as an afterthought to 
say okay whatever we do and do tomorrow about cost optimization, this is now very ingrained into 
the way we work every day. So automation, we talked about the 24,000 bots, make it industrialize 
so that we can repeat many of these use cases across industries rather than creating a new solution 
each time you want to automate certain work in a certain client.  
Onsite, offshore, nearshore - I think the biggest underappreciated impact of COVID is the ability 
that work in future can get delivered anywhere in the world. I think this is in a way very tectonic 
shift which has a very positive impact on our industry. In the last 2 years whether it is clients, 
whether it is shared services, whether us, you do not know where your employees are there all over 
the country, they are all over the world. And therefore, organizations earlier use to question that 
this work is so mission critical, it has to be done in front of me, in my office in Rochester, that is 
no more the truth. In the last 2 years you do not even know where those employees are. And I think 
that in the long run opens up a lot of opportunities for us and our global delivery model to deliver 
work whether it is on premise, whether it is in a hub, whether it is a nearshore locations and of 
course in offshore locations. And I think that has in a way if you see that from 30% 4 years back 
in terms of our onsite offshore, it fell to about 28% and the last four, five quarters has come from 

28% to about 23.5%. So you have already seen a lot of that shift of global delivery helping in 
offshoring.  
Finally operating leverage in terms of our SG&A cost and higher growth gives us a benefit and at 
the same time allowing us to plough some of those margins back into our investments.  
Pricing is again something that industry has always shied about from talking. I think there has 
never been an ask and I think the reality is today the kind of wage inflation which we are seeing 
across, it is something which we have to put on the table, we have to have a conversation with our 
clients. We are seeing this in two aspects - one is of course the pure inflation linked and how are 
we addressing that. Now for instance for new deals automatically these will get built into deal 
pricing system and of course they will unwind as the deal goes on you will start seeing the benefits. 
You have clauses around cost of living adjustments with clients, so how are you able to enforce 
those clauses, how you will be able to build such clauses into new agreements which we are doing 
with clients. Can you speak to existing clients and open up existing contracts and say how you can 
have a gain share in terms of investing back into your own talent with the money which you give 
them. Because end of the day, all this I mean, we are servicing our clients and our employees in a 
sense of part of their extended team so what can we do from a wage hike perspective which we 
can plough back into our team.  
Discounts has always been the bane, and so when it comes up renewal clients ask for productivity, 
what is your positioning there. When clients come back for the next year renewal how do you push 
back and what conversations do you have. So there is the whole discussion around inflation side. 
The other side which is more about how do we sell fundamentally on value and it is easier said 
than done. Like I said, because you have to have this conversations with clients and move away 
fundamentally from a cost and a rate card into how do we influence outcomes, how do we influence 
your net promoters scores, how do we influence your time to market, how do we influence 
promotion, your innovation cycle? Can we link, outcomes based on spot pricing? So these are the 
things which we have started discussing with clients. I think first, you will have this conversion 
with your own sales force. For many of them this is new, who have never sold like this. Then the 
conversations which you have to have with the clients, this is something very central for us. What 
we are doing, we are running a lot of training with our sales people as well, monitoring this account 

by account and the reality is that the way wage inflation is, we will have to continue to push the 
pricing pedal which historically has not been something which the industry has really done.  
Non-CIO buying centers- I think that is a very important part because usually we have seen that 
these are not fundamentally budget constraint buying centers and they are more business 
transformation projects. So, attacking many of these buying centers, you can see a larger value 
delivery sort of a concept to get rather than a rate card sort of approach we would have had with 
more of a CIO buying center.  
Investments behind strategic capabilities - I think if you go back in 2018 when we started with the 
navigating our next strategy, we had talked about some of those investments we would require for 
the future and in a way, we have seen over the last 4 years the results which has come out. I think 
there are two or three areas we are clear we will fund from our internal margins as well. We have 
talked about the whole Digital and Cloud opportunity, investing behind that both from a delivery 
capability and from a GTM capability as well the full stack approach. We are hiring much, much 
more numbers now not just pure college freshers but as a top player, power programmers and of 
course digital specialist and these are career stream for full stack programmers. They are coming 
from much higher level of colleges, more premier colleges and of course we have been forced to 
pay a much more higher compensation as well.  
I think we talked about the whole opportunity on tech natives, in a way whole COVID opened up 
the way these tech natives are competing more with the Fortune 500 companies as well and in a 
way we are building out our services and GTM for this new age of born in the clouds sort of 
companies. We still have our opportunities, we understand whether it could be from the cost 
perspective, whether it could be from tech ops, but we are building out whole suite and how to 
address this opportunity. 
Finally as Krish just talked about our investments behind the employees, around their careers, 
more predictable career plan, internal talent rotation, coming with that, skill based compensation 
and differentiation so that we can retain top talent, highly skilled talent as well.  
M&A - for us I think one of the cornerstones of our strategy as well. Like I said it has to be very 
programmatic and disciplined. We did frankly nothing in FY2022, we must have seen hundreds 

of assets, we just would not pay a dollar more than what we think it was worth. So we are very 
clear, it has to fit into our digital pentagon, it has to speak to what we require from a digital 
capability perspective, but we will pay the right price for it. And therefore if you see the right side 
of the slide, what we have done, it has largely been around the experience layer, which has 
traditionally not been the strength for many of the Indian IT services companies. And therefore 
most of digital transformation actually which starts with experience, we have invested very heavily 
on that. Recently, with Oddity and going all round the pentagon, of course, accelerate is one of the 
largest in the core of digital transformation and including innovate. So as we look ahead, a lot of 
where we will look for our M&A would be fundamentally speaking to this digital pentagon looking 
at the Cloud verticalization and horizontal capabilities. As a second one, geographic footprint 
including Europe would be another thing which we would be interested in. And more importantly, 
for us, the business case is about the synergy which we are able to get, forward synergies to the 
acquisition, our target and vice versa the synergies they give us in terms of whether higher billing 
rates etc. So the synergy case has to be very strong both ways in terms of these acquisitions which 
we do.  
So finally, ESG - this is something very core to what Infosys stands for. This is from the days of 
the founders. This is very core to our company that sustainability is interlinked with business. We 
do not see it differently and stakeholder value and shareholder value for us is linked and that is in 
whatever we do. So we laid out our ESG 2030 vision 2 years back, a very comprehensive 
document. I would urge you all to see our latest ESG book which we have released last week. We 
are very clear, it is milestone driven, all of it is measurable with annual targets given out, its part 
of the ESG committee of the board. One of the few companies in India which has the ESG 
committee at the board level. Senior executive compensation is clearly linked to ESG target and 
meeting ESG target as well, so this is something which we have actually internalized around the 
organization. And again, if you see what we are doing whether from climate, whether doing on 
sustainability or digital talent at scale, it is all what we do on an everyday basis. This is not sitting 
outside, we have no ESG budget in the company, everything has to be part of business and the way 
we do business on an everyday basis.  
If I look at one of the aspirations which we have, which is about engaging with clients on climate, 
again credential which we have and Mohit talked about it, whether what we have been doing inside, 

we said why don’t we offer it as a service outside. So now we have created the sustainability 
business unit, we have six large offerings there, energy transition and transmission, ESG finance, 
the circular plan, smart spaces - for instance, we have talked about how Green Data Centers, is a 
big part of the cloud transformation as well. So, in fact a large data center we moved from a big 
client in Europe, we moved it through actually an old abandoned mine in Norway and it gets cooled 
by natural running water in the mine because of the temperature there. So these are just example 
of leading the Green Data Centers and many others on the decarbonization footprint which we 
have, so sustainability practice for instance is now embedded into our ESG goals.  
If I look at enabling digital talent at scale, we have taken a target of having 10 mn digitally trained 
people starting from school kids, employees and client’s employees through Wingspan and Lex 
initiatives and part of that is our CSR initiative around Infosys Springboard. So what we said is 
let’s democratize learning across the world. So we have actually opened up all our learning courses 
free to students both in India and US and Europe and Australia under the Springboard initiative, 
number of partnerships with content providers – they are very happy to give us free content looking 
at the work which we are doing around this. We are partnering with the government now and 
getting accreditation from many state governments in India. In that both digital skill and life skills, 
we already have in about a year, about 2 mn people who have registered on this platform and I 
think in terms of the growth rate, we are very pleased that this is going to enable much more wider 
democratization of learning across the environment. So just one of the ways - opening up our 
Wingspan library and making it much more available externally as well. So the point I am making 
is ESG is just getting embedded into what we do on a daily basis. 
Looking at the value creation finally for shareholders, very strong FCF conversion 100% plus in 
FY2022, 113% in the previous year, return on equity was around 25.8% in 2020 and we are already 
at 29.1% now, a lot of focus on capex, a lot of focus on cash collections and our ability to deploy 
that. Capital return - you are aware of our FY2020 to FY2024, 85% commitment to return FCF, in 
the first 3 years we have already done 73% with the combination of the dividend - steady 
progressive dividend from Rs. 8,200 Crores to Rs. 11,500 Crores and Rs. 13,000 Crores and topped 
up by the buyback of Rs. 11,100 Crores. Of course, we remain committed to have articulated and 
very transparent capital return policy.  

Finally, over the last 4 years, our TSR continues to be leading industry leading at 141% against 
our measured peers which we have announced in 2019 plan and continuing to drive that as well.  
So, in summary, I think we will continue to do what is required to support the demand 
environments, supporting the client needs, relentless focus on costs. We have a number of margin 
drivers which we have, which we can deploy, scaling up our strategic capabilities behind digital 
natives, behind interesting around talent, driving pricing improvements, this is key initiatives 
which we kicked off. Of course, this will take time. We know that this is not conversation which 
can immediately turn into margins, but I think this is a journey which we started and over a period 
of time we should see the benefits of that. And finally leveraging our sustainability credentials 
which we have gained over the years and how we take that to market for our client.  
Thank you. 
 

“Infosys Limited Analyst Meet 2022” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
 
Ravi Kumar S. 
President 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Kumar S. 

Thank you, I am guessing you can hear me now. I am so sorry that I could not make it. I was so 
looking forward to joining you in Mumbai. I ended up contracting COVID on my way back from 
Davos and I was just about to board a flight to Mumbai. So, hope the technology and my voice 
holds up for the next 25 minutes. 
So, in the next 25 minutes or so, I am going to present a view about the Next in digital, what is 
coming up in digital, cloud and AI automation. I think Salil kind of summarized it pretty nicely, 
so I am going to little bit double click on it. I think I can give you enough to excite you, but not 
give away a lot so that we kind of lose our competitive advantage by pushing this information into 
the public domain.  
If you can jump into slide two which is the Safe harbor and then slide three which talks about the 
market dynamics which are reshaping the future. 
Salil spoke about it. Everyone is talking about the potential slowdown, the Ukraine war, the supply 
chain disruptions, high inflation in developed nations, but the digital opportunity is a real one. It 
is a very different one this time. It really contributes to the must have transformation rather than 
the historic past where it contributed to the nice to have transformation of enterprises. 
In fact, digital technologies today can be the deflationary force for inflation. It can actually kind 
of reduce supply chain disruptions. It can even diffuse the heated labor market. Salil spoke about 
analyst predictions. I think the analyst predictions continue to remain intact - almost $1.3tn of IT 
services spend by 2023 and significant chunk of it - between $500bn all the way till $800bn what 
Salil was speaking about digital services. 
The four shifts I kind of put up on the slide are the market dynamics reshaping the future. It is a 
golden era for technology. We are going to see accelerated digitization - needless to say, just to 
give you an example in retail; it took a decade to go from 10% to 15.5% in e-commerce till 2020 
and then it kind of hit 20% in literally 12 months at the onset of COVID. Every industry is going 
through this significant digital embrace.  
Digitization + Dispersion as I call it. I wrote a very nice article in the Forbes three or four days 
ago, dispersion of work, heavy investments on digital infrastructure for employees, dispersion of 

healthcare, dispersion of education, dispersion of telecom, utilities in hybrid models as some of it 
is actually permeating into our homes. That is going to lead to more digitization as we go forward.  
Software is the new alchemy of businesses. We have gone from using digital technologies for 
extended reach, disintermediated reach to consumers to deeply embedding software in automating 
businesses, to deeply embedding software into products and services. In fact, if you split the 
industries into bits and atoms, the bits related industry primarily services industries are becoming 
more bits and atoms are getting immersed into bits. Who would have imagined as an example, the 
car industry going from internal combustion to being a software business? Who would have 
imagined the car industry to not have any dealers? Tesla actually hands over cars on your driveway 
and you just open the car on your app and take the keys out. What a disruption we are all going 
through, in industries where the core product is changing.  
Industry transitions that is the fourth shift. Amazon did it very smartly for many, many years. 
Every time they wanted to transition in an industry, they did it seamlessly. Now there is the smarter 
G2K companies, a large number of them are our clients having a renewed confidence on the digital 
platforms because of COVID. Of course, they had a strong physical network which is kind of 
important in the times we are in and a trusted consumer brand in the consumer base they are the 
key to straddle transition between industries. Big box retailers in the US are getting into healthcare. 
Oil companies want to be in automated retail because they can change the gas stations into EV 
charging stations and then as more time is spent on EV charging stations you can go autonomous. 
A lot of our clients are doing conversations with us on the industry transitions using digital 
technologies and these technologies, which I think makes the digital opportunity now very 
different from the past and therefore even if there is an impending slowdown, I do not see a big 
change in the outlook.  
Slide four we have been speaking about the pentagon of digital services. More than 59% of our 
business is digital now and it is growing at 40% plus as Salil mentioned about it. A portion of that 
business, a chunky portion of that business is cloud related and it is growing significantly faster 
than digital which is of course growing significantly faster than our core services.  

Our investments in Cobalt, the first cloud services brand - much ahead of our peers just to enable 
growth. We have 60 plus digital services. 25 of them have an annual run rate of more than $100mn. 
So our endeavor is to create similar runway for all the 60 digital services. Now what has helped us 
get there is a focused go to market, a strong partner ecosystem, a lot of awards and recognition. 
Services plus platform approach, cocreation with a network of Living Labs and Design studios, 
early investments on reskilling infrastructure and distributed talent pool. So, as we localize them 
across the world - which is really kind of needed for digital capabilities – it has helped us to stay 
ahead of the curve. 
The next slide is about really the Next in Digital. In some way it is a summary slide which I will 
double click here on. Digital technologies as I said, was always focused on the growth agenda of 
enterprises because you created extended reach to consumers and created more efficient way to 
reach consumers. Digital services there have now evolved across the efficiency stack, the growth 
agenda and of course creating smart connected products and services. As I had mentioned earlier, 
the atoms related industries that are getting immersed into bits. 
All Digital has underpinnings of the Cloud, more nuanced offerings on the Cloud that emerge, 
hybrid, multi-Cloud offerings, the resource and the infrastructure layers are getting repurposed. 
SaaS is almost $200 bn of market size both horizontal and modular industry apps, reimagination 
of data on the Cloud. We are going to double click on it, product engineering, embedding software 
into products, leveraging the 5G revolution. 
Human experience is no longer about consumers, it is also about employees, better intuitive UI-
UX design for employees as well as more businesses go hybrid.  
Cyber security, I think the biggest opportunity for us is to industrialize Cyber security as a service. 
Emerging technologies which can future proof us and of course a new era of consulting and 
advisory at the intersection of technology and strategy, especially in industries where there is a 
paranoia to leverage technology at the core like the car industry we spoke about. 
Slide six, Cobalt is a key differentiator and why is it so. We all have this notion that the cloud is a 
lift and shift of on-premise infrastructure to virtualize infrastructure. The reality is it is not a lift 

and shift only. Lift and shift is a vehicle to do significant transformation of this work loads and to 
create that transformation, we need an orchestration layer. 
Just to illustrate this a little further between the three Hyperscalers, the top three Hyperscalers, 
almost $100 bn will be spent on capital expenditure over the next 2 years and why do they do so. 
They do so to build infrastructure as a service and lend it to enterprises across the world, but that 
is not where the real value is. The reason why they do so is you land that enterprise workload and 
then you straddle them over the value layers and these are three value layers I have kind of 
illustrated on my slide. So you could potentially take that workload which you land on, move it to 
IT and Business Operations and move it to Business Services. 
In fact, between the three Hyperscalers they have economies of scale, because they have internal 
consumption like Google has 20% plus of the consumer internet traffic in the United States going 
through Alphabet assets, 40% of e-Commerce of the US is through Amazon, 145 odd million users 
go through Microsoft because of Teams. All of this allows them to create the insights, algorithms 
and the Business Services and the ability to create IT and Automated Business Operations which 
you can flip around and give as utilities to your clients. 
So that orchestration layer, somebody has to straddle our client through that value and we early on 
adopted this mechanism to make Infosys the orchestration layer for our clients who are going 
through this transformation not just the lift and shift. So, the ability to straddle those layers will 
help us to generate that value and transformation needed and the spend on the cloud then becomes 
worthwhile. 
Between the top three Hyperscalers almost $150 bn of revenue per year is generated. So you could 
potentially, for every dollar spent there you could create $2 to $3 of Cloud services. $600 bn is 
actually spent on public cloud or rather it will be spent on public cloud by 2023. So, this is an 
exciting opportunity on Cobalt. Through a grounds up exercise we created 35,000 Cloud assets, 
300 plus industry templates. We have created a rhythm around building those assets contributing 
into a repository and deploying them for project, deploying them for programs. 
The enterprising landscapes are going to become multi-cloud so we have created a poly-cloud 
layer. Again a part of our orchestration it creates interoperability, portability of data apps and 

services. You could straddle between the clouds and this is very uniquely ahead of the curve, 
because we did it way ahead of others and that gives us the opportunity to stay differentiated in 
the market. 
Lots of exciting partnerships at the bottom of slide and all of them we are in the top 1, 2 or 3 as 
Salil had mentioned.  
I am switching over to slide 7. This is a big shift in the way we see our business. Historically 
system integrators saw business as the tech spend of enterprises of the universe. With the advent 
of cloud, you could really pivot to Automated Business Operations orchestrated on the cloud and 
you could take large in-flight transformations and accelerate as a service. 
For years, system integrators spoke about as a service, consumption-based models or open based 
models. We have now reached an inflection point because of the cloud because you could literally 
give as a service model to your clients. I think one of the differentiating value propositions of 
Infosys is that ability to create a viable economics and taking an existing state of applications, data 
centers, the people, taking the current mode of operations as I call it, giving it as service in the 
current mode, underwriting the advances and then taking future mode of operations and 
transitioning all that to the cloud. And doing this in a big bang way seamless, I think, is what our 
differentiation is, and that is why we are able to cut large deals with the clients from current code 
of operations to future mode of operations. 
The next section is going to be a video from Australia Grid, the largest electricity distributor on 
the Australian east coast which owns, maintains, and operates electric networks. We have created 
120 curated services, leverages of poly cloud platform with a digital command center, AI 
operations, advanced observability for business operations which are automated through those 120 
plus cloud services.  
The next slide is about transforming digital experience. Again I am kind of drawing from the 
summary slide I put up earlier. We had this very unique value proposition, Salil early on created a 
strategy of the string of pearls for Digital Experience. So, we brought a bunch of companies to 
create the beachhead capacity. We did not go the traditional way of buying creative talent but we 
went on specialized services and we built that beachhead capacity and then we went to schools in 

the United States and actually got non-STEM talent, design talent and then we built a platform 
which is uniquely different to the agency talent everybody else built experience on. And then as 
the onset of COVID happened, we realized that experience will be doubled down on digital assets 
with our employees, so we bought a bunch of assets all the way from Wongdoody, Blue Acorn 
iCi, Brilliant Basics. We did Carter and then recently we bought Oddity which is actually an 
exposure to Germany but more importantly it also has AR/VR capabilities to create immersive 
experience which is needed especially in some of the industries where you have the physical and 
digital interface.  
And over the last few years we created network of 16 Digital Studios and we orchestrated all of 
this underneath the leadership of Wongdoody. Wongdoody really ran the whole process because 
they knew this business and they actually ran it for us. They were very tightly integrated with the 
Infosys engine. 
Our belief is that programmatic Digital Experience Services or Creative Services as we call it will 
be insourced over a period of time because of privacy, data considerations, iterative in nature 
because when you are doing digital campaigns and digital branding, new age creative is much 
more iterative with digital feedback loops. You will need a service where you could give dedicated 
studios to your clients. 
We have already done three of them. In fact, we call it Studio Next and we are now helping our 
clients to build their own studios in some ways using Infosys to insource their own creative. It is 
a very, very, unique value proposition and it is a block buster offering of Infosys. I am going to 
now show you a video from Rite Aid an American drug store chain having 2400 retail pharmacy 
locations in 18 plus states. It delivers health care services, retail products and every day 1.6 mn 
Americans buy from Rite Aid. 
How do we evolve a pharmacy system from dispensing prescriptions to focusing on personalized 
holistic wellness? That was the problem statement, and Wongdoody, Infosys came together for 
building something which can give holistic wellness to the customers of Rite Aid.  
I am on slide 11 : next generation Data and Analytics Services. I know we are running out of time, 
so I am going to kind of rush up the rest of session.  

Data Services has been talked for a while so I do not want to go into details. Our approach has 
been very simple. We want to unlock data from legacy states, create a flexible mesh of foundational 
services, build a data supply chain, create digital feedback loops and use data for AI modules. But 
the opportunity we tapped into way ahead of everybody else is the Data on the Cloud and Data 
Exchanges. We built some very strategic partnerships with Snowflake, Databricks on data 
exchanges and data on the cloud. 
Let me give you one example of why this is such a powerful opportunity. I call it the network 
effect of data and I call it the network effect of data on the cloud. Big box retailers as an example 
get higher revenues these times because they are straddling between physical and digital channels. 
In fact, they gained digitally much more during COVID because they had a physical network to 
support the digital channels. But they have lower margins. The reason why they have lower 
margins is because higher digital channels spend means lower trade promotion. Consumer goods 
companies know that consumers are just buying online, so they give you much lower trade 
promotion spend and of course higher shipping cost, higher returns. Digital channels uniquely 
however have the opportunity to monetize the data. So while you have lower margins because of 
lower trade promotion and high shipping and all, you have a digital estate. 
Either you could say it does not exist because there is no real physical estate or you could at least 
say it is unlimited. So, the smarter ones are taking the data putting it on the cloud on a data 
exchange and then bringing the data elements across the value chain. Consumers, retailers, and the 
supply chain are coming together and those insights are monetized using either the data exchanges 
of the Hyperscalers themselves or specialized ones like Snowflake and Databricks. 
We have early strategic partnership with these companies and we are seeing significant traction 
with the clients who actually want not just monetize but generate significant value by bringing all 
this data elements on the cloud across the value chain.  
I am on slide 12 which is about Security. Security is like the first cousin of technology. If you 
spend more on technology, you have to spend more on Security. If every company across the world 
is going to be a tech company and the core of the product and services are going to be embedded 
with technology, you are going to have more dispersed businesses. You will see geo-political risk 

attached to Cyber Security. You are going to more orchestrated hacking communities. You will 
need an orchestrated approach to Security. We have a secure by design pervasive overarching 
approach which has given us an opportunity to build everything with a secure design mind set and 
we also have a zero-trust architecture. In the past most security was built on a castle-and-moat 
where the castle was the corporate network and you created a security around it. The users have 
left the corporate network on to the internet, the apps have left the corporate network, the data has 
the left the corporate network so you need a zero-trust architecture. So we are significantly 
investing on SASE based or Secure Access Secure Edge based security where we assume that you 
need zero trust architecture for building the future of security. 
We have invested in seven cyber defense centers. In fact, I think security will move from a 
fragmented software-led insourced model to an integrated automated software plus services 
platform model and it will be a managed service in the future. So with the seven data cyber defense 
centers together, we can create 24 x 7 security operations and secure enterprise landscapes in a 
hybrid world where it is more important than ever before. 
It is a $100 bn plus market opportunity as McKenzie says by 2025 and there is an acute shortage 
of talent. We were very early on to sign a partnership. In fact, we signed up with Purdue to get a 
thousand professionals on cyber security. We now have the solution for the supply constraints as 
well as we have created industrialized scaled security offering for our clients to embrace upon. 
The next slide is about Applied AI. We launched an offering in 2021. In the last 5 years or so, 
there was a huge embrace of AI in consumer value chains. We now see enterprises embracing it. 
There is an inflection point now I would say. What enterprise software did in the late 90s to 
reengineer enterprises, we are now going to see AI software, evolving to the next wave of 
reengineering of an enterprise. 
We did a formal launch in 2021 called Infosys applied AI, our unique approach to discover new 
used cases, democratize it and take it to production grade. We have something called the Infosys 
AI Cloud and we can curate the whole scaling process and the life cycle of AI, but we can also 
make it responsible enough by pulling the guard rails required. A significant traction again we 
have an AI store with 25 plus AI services. You can draw from 1000 plus used cases. 

Slide 14, I think Salil kind of alluded to it. We have accelerating automation for efficiency and 
productivity for ourselves. We have 24,000 bots. We have something called BOT factory and the 
idea is to constantly re-baseline our productivity so that we stay ahead of curve in wining large 
deals, staying competitive. Mohit will speak about how we have made that process so robust, but 
the idea is to keep the productivity cutting edge so that we win these deals. We not only win these 
deals with productivity commitments we make and therefore stay competitive, but also get 
transitional additional value on top of it so that we could release people from our projects and save 
more for us. We have done that very effectively over the last 3 years and we continue to stay ahead 
on that runway. 
The next slide is about IoT, slide 15. IoT had a slow start I would say as it took off as a concept. 
It had a lot of promise. IoT is now starting to gain a new life because it is no longer about internet 
of things, it is internet of everything, internet of data process, things, people, everything else. 
Equally it comes at the intersection of decentralized 5G, Edge and smarter devices. While the 
Cloud centralized compute and storage and network that is what the Cloud did. It just centralized 
it. With the advent of 5G and with smart devices you could decentralize, compute and storage and 
as you decentralize, compute, and storage you can build a mesh of the internet of things and create 
significant number of use cases. We distinctively see three categories, Industrial IoT, Product IoT, 
and of course Smart spaces and sustainability services which are the new wave in smart spaces, 
which are evolving in this space. Lot of excellent partnerships. We also have some significant 
industry solutions. 
The next one is embedding software into core products. We spoke about it before. Historically 
Infosys had a lot of capability on turbo engineering, mechanical and electrical product 
development. Now we are embedding digital CAD based modeling, embedding software into end-
to-end product life cycles, Digital twins and that we are embedding software into media services. 
We recently brought a company called Kaleidoscope Innovation. The idea is to expand our 
capabilities on product design, development, and prototyping infrastructure so that you could 
embed software into medical devices, consumer electronics, industrial products as these things 
comes to your living spaces, more medical devices come to your living spaces, you need to embed 

software in it and interact with that ecosystem virtually. So this is an interesting company we 
brought which helps to prototype and generate more value.  
I am coming to the end of my deck. The next one is about emerging technology. Well, we see 
significant value in the future and therefore there is lot of curiosity and traction now and we know 
that we can future proof our business as we invest into these spaces. Again, I am going to just 
touch upon it. 
The Metaverse Foundry which we launched. One of the first few system integrators in the world, 
which actually created a foundry for the Metaverse. I do believe that a three-dimensional internet 
is going to evolve a virtual world in parallel. Why do people want to go to the new three-
dimensional Internet, because either they find inequalities and disparities in the physical world and 
therefore they want to spend time in the virtual world. They want to experiment in the virtual world 
and bring it to the physical world or they want to bring the virtual world to amplify the physical 
world, whatever be the reason I think we are going to see a Metaverse. The Metaverse also has 
underpinnings of the reset of web 3.0 because the current internet is having an imbalance between 
creators and participants so the ability to use crypto, blockchain all of that will come into the 
picture. We invested heavily on AR/VR, then recent acquisition of Oddity will help us as well and 
the Metaverse foundry is for enterprises to experiment and find out what their presence on 
Metaverse should be. Lot of traction we are having.  
Gaming is a great opportunity, 3+ bn people in the world are in gaming. I am astonished to know 
that number is so high because I am not one of those gamers, $200 bn plus of revenue from gaming 
industry. I think there is $40 to $50 bn of IT services, also on core product development. A lot of 
it is done in Eastern Europe today and hyperscalers have a very big play and we think we can have 
a footprint out there.  
Low code No code - in fact we have globally only 25 mn developers while the world has 3+ bn 
corporate users. The need of low code software is very critical because if software is going to be 
the alchemy for every business, you need power users and citizen developers who can code as 
well, but it has to be low code. We see a $100 bn opportunity. We have some early partnerships 

as you can see on this slide with unqork, Appian, outsystems, PEGA, a lot of these companies 
have low code software and we believe this is going to be a $100 bn opportunity.  
The last one is co-creating innovation cycles. In fact, historically systemic grid has had a follow 
through innovation cycle. We think we have now got to the point where we need to co-create, so 
we have a bunch of things all through and we want to be the bridge between start-ups and large 
enterprises. 
Startups accessing large enterprises who are our clients and our clients accessing start-up eco-
systems. We have 120 startups in Infosys Innovation Network and we have created this bridge so 
that innovation capital can flow on both sides. We are also leveraging the innovation fund of 
Infosys. We have Living labs in all our innovation hubs in the US, Europe, Australia and of course 
now in India as well and we also have something called Listening Post as a Service (LPAAS). The 
idea is if clients want to access start-up eco-system, we create a listening post as a service which 
is creating a listening post for our clients and allowing them to access those startup eco-system. 
So this is again an exciting opportunity to future proof our business and the lines between the 
startups and large enterprises are blurring so we become the bridge for it.  
So, thank you again for listening to me. I went a little overboard on my time, but I am very glad 
that my internet connection and my voice held up for the last 30 minutes. Thank you again. 
 

“Infosys Limited Analyst Meet 2022” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
 
Mohit Joshi 
President 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Mohit Joshi 
Thank you so much and it is great to be back here. I was just thinking almost 4 years ago since we 
were here and we were talking at that time about the sales transformation within the broader 
transformation that we wanted to drive within Infosys, and 4 years later the results are in. You will 
see that we have actually done very well. At that time about 4 years ago, we had outlined our 
strategy and there were two key components that we were very focused on. 
The first was large deals and the second was our focus on account mining, our focus on account 
expansion. Now the large deal space as you have seen has been central to our focus over 4 years 
and in terms of the numbers, we have won over $40 bn in TCV over this period. We have tripled 
the size of the deals that we have over the 3 years, both in terms of number of deals and in terms 
of the total TCV that we have done. Our pipeline has increased very significantly. Our pipeline 
today is two and half times the size it used to be back in 2018. As Salil eluded in his presentation, 
this increase in deal wins, this increase in TCV has come up as a result of the comparative market 
share that we have been gaining. So, again it has been a central pillar of our strategy and one that 
has been immensely successful. And obviously this is talking about the past, but even in the future, 
our large deal focus will stay very central to our vision of sales transformation. 
The other pillar apart from the large deals space has been our focus on account expansion. As you 
will see also when I talk about our financial services practice, we have always been blessed with 
a marquee set of clients and we have focused on digging deeper within these clients, looking at the 
unaddressed segments of the market within the client that we can address. We also had great 
success with our account expansion and account mining program that internally we have called 
the Titan Initiative. And if we look at it I think one of the most visible signs of success that we 
have had in the account expansion program has been the increase in the number of $100 mn plus 
account and we have doubled this over a four-year period. So if you think, it took us roughly 35 to 
40 years for the company to get 20, $100 mn accounts, but only a four-year period to double them. 
And, again like the large deals program, the Titan program will be very central to our sales 
transformation initiatives. 

Apart from the large deals and the Titan program we have also done a number of other things. 
There have been a number of other areas in terms of transformation of the sales force itself. We 
have significantly expanded the size of our sales team. We have invested heavily in the training of 
the sales team. The composition of the sales team to include a lot more Gen Z, a lot more millennial 
has again allowed us to deliver on these two key initiatives. 
The new account opening program again has been very successful. The revenue that we get from 
new accounts has also doubled over this four-year period. As a result of this we are today amongst 
the fastest growing IT brands in the world. And very importantly from my perspective, the 
connectivity that we have with key decision makers within our clients, whether you use LinkedIn 
as a proxy for this or you have other analyst do their study, consistently Infosys comes across as a 
company with a best connectivity within our client organization. I feel that this is something that 
will really serve us very well for the future. So that is a nutshell is something that we have done 
over the past 4 years. If you look at it slightly more in detail, Salil spoke about the work that we 
have done with clients the world over, to drive digital transformation and these are some case 
studies. Over here you will see six case studies of digital transformation done through large deals. 
Digital transformation is a difficult thing to describe. The best definition that I have for it working 
with my colleagues is digital transformation is if as a company you can provide an Apple like 
experience, if you can provide Google like data and targeting capacity, if you can fulfill like an 
Amazon and potentially train like Infosys so this is what digital transformation initiative looks like 
and these are six great examples of this.  
If I take the first one this is the work that we have done with a large bank. We have done it with 
their European operations and so essentially driving optimization and transformation within their 
portfolio for Europe. So 20 plus countries across the retail bank and the commercial and the 
corporate bank, across the various stacks of technology, so transformation from an apps 
perspective and infra consolidation, move to the public cloud and a transformation from an end-
user perspective. So a comprehensive transformation of the client’s estate resulting in a significant 
improve in productivity, in a consolidation in the number of applications that they have, and a 
significant investment in employees as well. So there is a talent transformation piece to this as 

well. So, this is one example from the banking industry of a large deal and a transformation that 
we have driven over the past year.  
The second example is for the telecoms business. This is about the digital supply chain that we are 
helping this client build in their industry. Again, it has two parts to it. The first part is allowing the 
client’s teams themselves, and this goes to the no code or the low code piece of it, allowing the 
clients teams themselves to configure the complex applications without relying on the IT team, 
that is a huge value add for the client team. And the second is really building out a significant data 
leg that allows them to track from a device perspective in terms of fulfillment, in terms of client 
satisfaction across various segments. So, providing the detailed targeting capacity to the client is 
the transformation that we have driven for this telecom major. 
There is an example from the healthcare space. In the healthcare space we work with this client 
using an Infosys platform called Infosys Helix that I will talk a little bit about later. This is to 
completely transform the on-boarding, the billing, the provider management for 3.6 mn clients 
using Infosys system integration capabilities, Infosys BPM capabilities and also an Infosys 
platform. So, across these three offerings from Infosys, we are transforming the entire experience 
for 3.6 mn members, we are driving significant productivity - 60% increase in productivity and 
95% reduction in the dropout rate. And again, giving this client this platform has meant that the 
client is so much more competitive that they are now entering new markets in the US. Again, a 
holistic example of transformation using platform and people capabilities.  
Finally, I will talk a little bit about the retail example that you have over here. This is with a large 
consumer goods retailer, soft goods retailer. Across 100 mn clients that they have, we have entered 
into an initiative to build a significant data capacity for them for their direct-to-consumer business. 
I will just leave one metric with you about the impact that we have had. Before this data leg and 
this significant targeting capacity was built, the clients had about 8% repeat sales to customers. 
With this new platform we are now driving a 37% repeat sales capacity. So again, a sea change in 
the direct-to-consumer business for this very large retailer with a 100 mn plus clients. 

So hopefully this gives you a sense when we talk about digital transformation what do we truly 
mean. Why is this deal so large, why this is significant to our clients and hopefully this gives you 
a flavor of the kind of work that we have been doing over the past couple of years.  
This work also has been powered by many of the platforms that we have built.  
I will be talking about Finacle specifically which is the oldest platform that we have. Ravi spoke 
and Salil spoke about Cobalt and the Cobalt capabilities that we have created both from a 
horizontal perspective, but also the vertical industry capabilities that we are creating in Cobalt.  
I spoke about Helix briefly which is a healthcare platform that we are building. We are building 
out the peer capabilities of that platform and it is very significant. This is a cloud native, API first 
platform. You really do not have cloud native platforms in this space, and so the work that we have 
done we think will give a significant boost not just to us but also to the industry.  
We built Equinox which is a digital marketing and e-commerce fulfillment platform. Just within 
the 2 years that we have launched this platform we have had close to $50 bn of gross merchandise 
value flow through the platform. We had a very significant win recently with Nu Skin that we had 
announced and you had a quote from the CEO of Nu Skin talking about how this was 
transformational to their business and to the whole beauty industry.  
We have spoken previously about Wingspan which is our digital learning platform that has over a 
million learners now on the platform. Again a very significant capability that we have built not 
just for our own enterprise but also for our clients and for the world at large. In the UK for instance, 
it is also being used by the Brent Council. So it is being used as a social enabler and a social growth 
platform as well. So, again just to give you a sense of the multiple platforms that we have created 
and how these are not isolated now, these are central to the deals that we have been doing.  
We are seeing a paradigm shift in the marketplace. And this is something that we talk about quite 
often. When I think of Infosys, I think of Infosys as being like a really capable jet with two engines, 
so you have the one engine which is focused on productivity, on automation, on cost and when 
things are tough this is the engine the clients rely on. And you have a second engine which is 
actually larger now, this is 60% of our revenue which is all around growth it is around experience, 

it is around data, it is around cyber security, it is around the Cloud. And typically, you have one of 
these two engines going on a full steam. And this has been a remarkable period over the past 2 
years when you find both the engines being equally in demand and being in great use across our 
client base, because clients are not looking only for transformation and growth, they are also 
looking for efficiency. They are also not just looking for a technology impact they are looking for 
a holistic business impact. And so, we feel that at this time we are uniquely positioned to deal with 
this duality. Clients are looking for significant global capacities that we have, but they are also 
looking for significant local approach. And if you look at it across the US and Europe, 70% of our 
delivery capacity in these markets is now local. If you look at the talent infrastructure that we have 
built, it is among the best in the world. We have added more headcount in the past 12 months than 
we have ever in the history of the company. But equally we are also a great magnet for talents that 
our client’s organizations have that so we have also done more rebadging of client talent than we 
have ever done in our history. So again, it is this duality which is making Infosys especially 
interesting to our clients because we bring this combination of agility and scale of global presence, 
but also significant localization of historically a technology focus but also a holistic business 
understanding.  
We are looking to address this duality from our sales perspective as well. If I look at it from a large 
deals perspective first of all. From a large deals perspective we are very focused on the turnkey 
deals that we can do where we are bringing tech capacity, we are bringing ecosystem partnerships 
through the Cloud, we are bringing automation, we are also bringing a deep knowledge of the 
industry. 
So, for instance we can promise clients that we will be able to process their mortgage book for 
certain basis points of the book. So, for 7 basis points we will service your mortgage book instead 
of that 20 basis points that you pay just now. We are focusing, again like both Salil and Ravi 
mentioned on the Cloud, that is a significant opportunity for us and on Digital. 
We are also focusing on the tech natives this is a significant opportunity for us because digital 
natives historically, they use to make their own cooking. They would only work through their own 
tech teams. But again because of the need to expand quickly and because of the focus from a 
productivity perspective, they are increasingly looking at partners like us to provide that scaled 

capacity. So with digital native companies across the world we are seeing significant large deal 
opportunities. 
Europe is a significant focus area for us. I do believe, based on the discussions we have had with 
several analysts and several views actually, that over the next 4 to 5 years, the incremental spend 
and not the overall spend, but the incremental spend on technology in Europe will probably be the 
same as the US which is quite remarkable because they have a lot of catch up to do. So, we feel 
that this is a huge opportunity for us. We have been working with private equity partners - private 
equity is a very significant component of our sales playbook now. We have been working with 
them as they try and build this and as they try and realize value from their portfolio companies 
either for a single company or for the entire range of companies. It is the team that we have created 
that now works with private equity companies and we have started to win our first set of deals in 
this market.  
Finally ESG, ESG has been a great driver for us and it is now almost the third leg of every deal 
that we do. Historically, when we use to do deals we use to talk to clients with our a) the 
productivity that we can drive. So for this portfolio we will simplify by reducing the total number 
of your applications by 20%, by automating 30% of the processes, by reducing FTE count by let 
us say x percentage. But we also talk about the work that we do from a digital perspective. We 
will improve your NPA’s by 5% year-on-year, we will improve your total addressable market and 
your market share by maybe 7% year-on-year, but now we are also able to commit a specific ESG 
goals which are so important for all Fortune 500 and Fortune 2000 companies across the world. 
So, we are able to tell clients that you have a stated ambition to be carbon neutral by 2035. Based 
on our analysis in your portfolio we feel you can be carbon neutral by 2033 if you work with 
Infosys. So it is a very important lever as part of our overall strategy in working with clients across 
the world. 
Our account expansion program has been incredibly successful as you have seen we have gone 
from 20 $100 mn clients to 40. We are now focused also on building the next set of Titan accounts. 
So how do we get the accounts between $10 and $50 mn, how do we increase that base of accounts 
that we have, so that we have a healthy pipeline for the future as well. And at the same time we 

are well focused on making sure that we are able to upscale, to hire, to retrain and to build better 
social connectivity for our sales team. 
So, there is an immense amount of work going on to make sure that we can educate the sales team. 
We are launching dozens of service lines every year, we are launching dozens of propositions for 
our client every year, we have to make sure that our sales teams are able to understand and 
articulate this and take this to the market. So a set of platforms has been created that allows our 
sales teams to very quickly understand the offerings, understand the applicability to the industry 
and then take it to the market. So this is the focus from our sales perspective. And again, everything 
is focused on the work that we do for our clients, which is how do we build vertical solutions that 
are based on cloud infrastructure that incorporates the latest thinking and the latest opportunities 
that technology offers - whether it is a Metaverse, or whether it is a Blockchain, or whether it is 
Quantum, but all of these are built on very real business use cases. We have very strong horizontal 
capabilities, but our go-to market is built on very strong industry use cases about the change that 
we can drive for our customers.  
One final slide from a Europe perspective again just to highlight the importance of this market to 
us. It already is a very significant market for us we already have a very large footprint there from 
a market capacity but also from a delivery capacity. We are very focused on growing in that market 
and therefore the seeding that we have done in terms of digital studio capability in terms of 
innovation centers, in terms of cyber defense capability. It has been obviously buttressed with the 
new acquisition that we have done whether it is Fluido or it is Kaleidoscope or it is Brilliant Basics 
or it is a more recently Oddity, I feel very confident about our presence in this market. We will be 
doubling down and we will be making sure that we can grow incrementally in a market which I 
think is poised for an increase from a spend perspective. So that is the overall sales vision. 
We have been incredibly successful with the strategies that we put in place 4 years ago. We are 
very focused on doubling down on these and we believe that we have the momentum. We have 
the momentum in the marketplace and Infosys is uniquely positioned because of our heritage as a 
very efficient, very productive, highly automated player to which we have added the capabilities 
of design, of data, of cyber security. So we feel very optimistic about the opportunity from market 

perspective. And the customer demand is not slowing down, the customer demand remains very 
strong across sectors and across geographies. 
Now talking specifically about financial services, and again this is an industry that will need very 
little introduction for all of you. All of you know it much better than I do, but you know that this 
is an industry that is being transformed dramatically over the past few years and really across the 
various sectors - whether it is banking and some of the metrics in this industry are mind-blowing. 
We feel that banking, for example, just about 10 years ago 50% of transactions globally would 
happen in the branch, now it is 5%, 95% of transactions now happen digitally. But banks still sell 
mostly their own services, so, 80% of all financial services sold are products that are owned by the 
bank. This will change. No more than 30% of the product being sold will be the bank’s own 
product. So again, the transformational time in the banking business creates a new customer 
demographic as well. 
A very significant change in the insurance industry. The insurance industry is tech driven like it 
never was before. The focus has moved squarely from an actuarial focus to a technology focus, 
whether it is parametric insurance or embedded insurance or IoT driven insurance or whether it is 
the transformation that we are seeing or claims for instance or the focus of aggregation of this 
business, it is an industry being dramatically reshaped by technology. 
The capital markets business is being reshaped by this intergenerational wealth transfer which will 
be the largest fee opportunity the industry has seen in over 50 years. There is the whole digital 
asset classes that have been created whether it is currencies or it is NFTs and the need to settle and 
to be the custodian for this is a huge opportunity. And Payments, possibly no sector in the industry 
has seen a more dramatic change in the payments business from an automation perspective, from 
a tokenization perspective, again a significant amount of spend and focus on this. So, the industry 
is changing very dramatically, and we are growing. 
I think we have had industry leading growth in this segment for many years now. If you look at 
our revenue, both our overall revenue and our digital revenue, you will note the trajectory, but you 
will also see that the time when the market was the weakest in FY2021. When most of our 
competitors where shrinking, we delivered a very impressive 8% plus growth. And that is because 

I believe that we have a unique combination of people, of a play book and our platforms for this 
business. We also have a client set, a unique client set, a client set across geographies so whether 
it is in the US where you work with eight of the top 10 banks, or in Europe where we work with 
four of the top six banks, or Australia where we work with three of the top four banks. The work 
that we have done from a cards perspective, all the networks, all the merchant acquisition 
providers, all the issuers, significant amount of presence in the insurance space as well. A 
deepening presence with the Fintech communities. So a combination of our solution offerings plus 
the client base that we have has given us this growth, but we are not resting on our laurels. We 
have created, like I was saying a very significant play book, a very significant digital 
transformation play book for this industry. And if you look at some of the components of this play 
book - if you look for instance, the first point, be a digital attacker - we are helping our clients, 
who are let us say like Citizens regional banks or super regionals expand nationally. How do you 
build out a national footprint for what has essentially been a regional or super-regional bank? Or 
if you are an investment bank that is looking to create a wealth management offering or a mass 
affluent offering. We have a playbook for this. We have specific solutions for this. 
If you look at customer journeys, customer journeys are being transformed like never before. It 
was combination of eKYC. You have dramatic improvements from an RPA perceptive, you have 
e-signatures, you have new standards in terms of customer experience and user experience. We 
have a play book for dramatically transforming customer journeys. 
We have built a significant number of algorithms that work as a AI flywheel for you. So whether 
it is from a customer acquisition perspective, customer profitability analysis perceptive, credit 
decisioning, monitoring and collections, forecasting, smart serving - we have algorithms that really 
serve the entire value chain of the financial services businesses. And it comes as a convenient 
playbook for you, for a bank or for an insurer to take the components that you want to really 
transform your business.  
Data driven lending, use of not just traditional data sources, but also alternate data sources for 
customer profiling, for customer segmentation, for credit decisions, and for collections and 
monitoring - these are dramatic tools that we have created for lending businesses that is growing 
very quickly. 

From a sales service perspective, we are working with our clients as they move their contact centers 
to the cloud, as they move to more digital call deflection. It has been a very successful offering for 
us. So again, a remarkable set of play books and a significant amount of work with our clients. I 
spoke about Citizens previously but Citizens is transforming itself into fintech. They are 
transforming themselves from a collection of 100 or so applications like a traditional bank to now 
a set of digital platforms, to a set of digital Cloud native platforms that we have worked with them 
to create the vision and then we have worked with them to create the actual platforms as well. 
We have also worked with them to make the organization agile to bring in engineering focus within 
the organization. The work that we have done with Frost for instance as they re-enter the mortgage 
space to completely re-imagine the mortgage experience, a digital and a human experience for 
mortgages. The work that we have done with Select Portfolio Servicing in driving very significant 
productivity by the use of AI in the mortgages business which has historically been a very paper 
intensive business, to drive almost 95% productivity in the bulk books that they buy. And the work 
that we have done in insurance, again using our McCamish platform. We have just completed the 
migration of a million policies for a very large US life insurer. This is one of the largest migrations 
that have happened. So again, a combination of our capabilities through the play book and the 
platforms and the people is what has helped us differentiate. 
Just a minute on Finacle now. Finacle as you know has been a banking software platform that we 
have had for many years. Finacle over the past couple of years has seen incredible success. We 
have rebuilt Finacle to be a Cloud native, API first platform and it truly is a combination of digital 
product engines that go from everything from savings and checkings, to treasury capabilities to 
lending capabilities, to markets capabilities. Combined with these digital product engines you have 
a significant digital engagement suite from a front end perceptive and from a mid office perceptive 
and Finacle has had incredible success. You see the logos over there. These are traditional banks 
that are looking to transform into a digital attackers. You have digital only banks. You have 
FinTechs that are providing some banking capability and then you have non-banking institutions 
that are providing some banking capability. We have had success across all of these and across the 
markets in which we work. So you will see a mixture of Asian names, but also names from the 
Middle East and names from Europe and from the US. It truly is a global platform with a presence 
in over a 100 markets and over 1.7 bn accounts and over a billion customers on the platform. 

What is driving the success of Finacle? What is driving this traction that we are having in a 
marketplace? So I think it are a couple of things. One is like I said customer journeys are 
transforming. Banking as a service essentially means that you now have to provide significant API 
capability for banks to be able to transact in embedded finance.  
There is still a significant focus on cost. We did an analysis and Finacle customers on average have 
a 3.9% lower cost to income ratio than non-Finacle customers. It is because of the significant 
amount of automation that has been built into the Finacle platform. We are also seeing, again just 
a transformation in software in banks and a real openness, to look at the digital product engines 
and the front-end experience that we provide in Finacle. And again a very close tie in with the 
services organization so that we are growing together and we are able to expand beyond the core 
as well. 
Salil and Ravi spoke about Cobalt and we are building out very specific financial services 
capability in Cobalt. So you are not just buying Cloud capability - you are buying a financial 
services Cloud capability and what this means is that when you buy this ‘fs.live.cloud’ from 
Infosys you have all the Cobalt capabilities but you have security built in. You have specific 
tooling around data encryption and data de-duplication built in. You have specific tools for 
instance for reconciliation. You have specific tools for interest calculation already available on 
this core platform. So it is a significant upgrade over buying a plain vanilla Cloud capability and 
we have had success in the market. You have seen the market access for instance. We were able 
to provide them a recon capability on the Cloud almost from the get-go and saved them a 
significant amount of capex and world beating capability available on the Infosys cloud from a 
financial services perceptive. 
The world is changing. We are seeing new technologies on the horizon and we are already starting 
to work in these areas. The Metaverse for instance, a combination of physical and digital and we 
have already done our first pilot in this space. So we have worked with a very large payments 
company for instance to build their virtual lounge in the Metaverse and in the virtual lounge you 
can maintain a wallet, a wallet that has multi-currencies and fiat currency options, that has NFT 
options and has crypto options. You are able to, with the ecosystem buy and sell NFTs and crypto 
and store them in the wallet, but you also have a lounge capability where you can interact with 

other customers. You have a financial literacy component to this Metaverse lounge and I am sure 
this, the first of many Metaverse capabilities that we will be building for our clients. 
From a blockchain and crypto perceptive we have built this for ourselves as part of the work that 
we have done for the Blockchain India company again using Finacle to build a trade platform, 
domestic trade platform for India that we will be transacting billions of dollars worth of domestic 
trade, assets and receivables, but also the work that we are doing with leading blockchain and 
distributed ledger companies like Digital Asset Holdings for instance where there is a significant 
amount of interest in tokenization. In tokenization we are doing projects for exchanges, for 
custodians. 
There is a huge amount of work that custodians need to do for instance to be able to store digital 
assets and this requires a lot of work from a tokenization perceptive. This is already a significant 
area of focus for us.  
Banking as a service I spoke about and finally Quantum 5G and AI. Quantum is still relatively 
new. It is still more conceptual but banks are thinking about what Quantum will mean from 
cryptography perspective for me. What it will mean from a portfolio optimization perspective and 
from a planning perspective for me. 
From a 5G perceptive again the low latency and the high data capacity that 5G offers means that 
for insurers and for banks this is a very interesting space now. We are building out the lab 
capability and the research capability to work with our clients as they start to explore these more 
cutting-edge technology platforms. So, that in a nutshell is a little bit about the sales 
transformation. 
The success we have had and more importantly the focus that we have for the future and from a 
financial services perceptive again some of the themes that we working on from a platform 
perspective, from a playbook perspective and from a people perspective to ensure that we are as 
successful if not more successful in the future as we have been in the recent past.  
So with that thank you. 

1 
 
 
 
“Infosys Limited Analyst Meet 2022” 
 
May 31, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
A N A LY S T S / I N V E S TO R S 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
HSBC 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak 
 
Apurva Prasad 
HDFC Securities 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
CLSA 
 
Girish Pai 
Nirmal Bang 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equrius 

2 
 
 
Mihir Manohar 
Carnelian Asset Management 
 
Atul Mehra 
Motilal Oswal Asset Management 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Vimal Gohil 
Union AMC 
 
Mukul Garg 
Motilal Oswal 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit 
 
Rahul Jain 
Dolat Capital 
 
Aayush Rastogi 
B&K Securities 
 
NGN Puranik 
Enam 
 
Krati Sankhlecha 
Credit Suisse 

3 
 
Kavya Chavali 
Thank you very much, Mr. Nilanjan. Thank you once again for sharing these valuable 
insights. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, it is literally time to switch the gears because 
we are now about to get up with the open house session. While we are setting the stage, let 
me also quickly share some important pointers in order to ensure that we can maximum 
participation, we are going to request for one question per person. We are also going to 
request you to please raise your hand so the mics can be passed on to you, and since you 
all know that the event is being recorded, we are going to request you to please share your 
name and the name of your organization before you share your question. So again, just a 
quick request - one question per person in order to ensure maximum participation. That 
being said, looks like we are already seeing the hands raised but first up, let me invite on 
stage once again, Mr. Salil Parekh and Mr. Nilanjan Roy. It is time for the open house 
session, and it is time for your questions to come on board. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
We have discussed since morning lots of COVID habits are reversing, people are traveling 
and shopping online, lot of US e-com results are showing results that people are back to 
the physical world. And if you see companies also saved a lot of money last couple of years 
and those savings are reversing as well now. So, why would the tech spend not reverse 
back to the historic growth rate of 3%. I mean for few sectors like autos it may not but for 
banks and retailers why would it stay elevated and not go back to the 3% run rate. Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. What we are seeing today as we look out over the next few years 
is the demand environment has changed in a couple of ways. One, Digital that we have 
talked a lot about which is really every company is attempting to make sure they reach out 
to their customer, work with their employee, work with their partners in the supply chain 
in a digital-electronic-online format and that needs a lot of work that has to be done on 
their tech spent. The second also which we talked a little bit about is automation where 
anything that is going on the clients technology landscape which can be improved with 

4 
 
efficiency. We have an ability to do that and we see from our perspective at Infosys much 
greater ability both on automation and digital to drive that overall growth. And the third 
Nilanjan alluded to a little bit also in is session, which is everyone has now understood 
from client’s perspective that work from anywhere can be applied to almost any role that 
was going on within their organization. So, that is not something that will happen overnight 
this quarter or next, but it expands the available target opportunity that we are going after 
in terms of the type of market. So, from our perspective given all of those parameters we 
see the demand environment looking to be quite strong and looking quite secular at this 
stage where this early stages of Cloud and Digital, early stages of efficiency and very early 
stage of this addressable work from anywhere. 
Ankur Rudra 
Obviously the most interesting stat for me so far is the 85,000 graduates Infosys hired last 
year and Infosys has a great history and legacy of training. But how relevant is it in the 
digital world - I mean question is how do you a) train and deploy 85,000 people partly 
digitally, partly in the physical world right now; and secondly how do you imbibe culture 
in them especially if they cannot come to your campus. I am sure this bothers you Salil as 
you think about scaling the firm? 
Salil Parekh 
On the training I think we are first very excited with that number 85,000 college graduates. 
We have just recently restated our in-person training which is very well known in our 
Mysore location, but we have also put in place this online learning which Krish referenced 
in his session which relates to having all of our employees access an online learning 
platform. So our sense is over the next 12 and 24 months, there is an initial training which 
everyone is going through, but over the next 12 and 24 months more and more between in 
person and online the training will happen and people will become deployed and working 
on client engagements.  
I think the point on building the culture and the social connect is extremely critical. So, 
what we are starting to see is more and more of our employees are coming back to campus. 

5 
 
If you look at many of our employees at the senior levels, a vast majority of them are back 
in offices, working three, four and five days a week - so more or less where we were pre-
COVID not quite at that level but pretty close. For the other employees again you saw in 
one of our sessions, a percentage of those actually not in our main campus locations today 
- they are in their home based locations, and slowly we are seeing those also starting to 
come back either in the new hubs we have formed - there are four that were mentioned for 
example Coimbatore and so on, or back into our campus location. So, we feel that our 
social connect is going to be important - is going to be important for building the culture 
and employees are also seeing that. But it is not going to happen overnight, and we expect 
to see this in the next several quarters to come into play. And if we have this sort of a 
situation where the COVID prevalence is low as it is today in India, we will have more and 
more of that connect happening. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
The first question is on large deals. While there has been plenty written on Infosys success 
on the sales side of large deals the focus has now shifted to execution for large deals and 
there are various interpretation once can draw on how well are the deals being executed. 
On the positive side one can always take an assumption the revenue growth is good but the 
moment you look at the volatility in the segmental profitability that makes you wonder 
whether the large deal execution is progressing on track. So, just wanted some broad 
indicators either in terms of CSAT scores or otherwise which can give comfort on large 
deal execution of Infosys? 
Salil Parekh 
Kawal the way we are seeing it is, you have seen all the stats in 90 odd large deals last year 
- even year before that it was a significant number. Today, if I look at some of the largest 
deals we have done, for example, a deal in Europe or a deal in US, our delivery on the most 
complex cloud data center transformation is going very well. So, we have extreme comfort 
in the way our delivery is going on those large deals. Of course, there are many large deals 
and starting those programs we always have to make sure that the start goes in a smooth 

6 
 
way, but there is no concern from our side with respect to delivery; and that I feel is one of 
the things where Infosys has a very strong track record over the years in delivering very 
well to what we have promised to. We have never had a situation where we have given 
some sort of commitment which we have not been able to deliver. So, to answer the point 
you made, our delivery on large deals today is going well. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Thanks a lot. The example that you gave was quite an interesting one as well European 
client. So let us assume that we head into recession sometime next year, and a customer 
who wanted to spend, let’s say $100 on tech transformation as well as run operations 
decides that okay let us bring that to $90. Now if you were to imagine yourself in the 
client’s situation how would a client go about rationalizing the spend, which are the areas 
which he will cut back on? Would there be consolidation recession taken and how does the 
client ensure that they get the maximum bank for the buck even with reduced spends? 
Salil Parekh 
I think it is difficult for us to have that sort of a view because there are so many factors, let 
us say a few quarters from today. But maybe to address some of the elements of what you 
are posing, what we see from client discussions who want to launch transformation also 
want to make sure that they can gain some efficiency from their current operation. And 
there are multiple ways they are looking at it. One we have discussed a few time is 
automation, one that you brought up and we are saying that we have been the beneficiary 
of their consolidation. So there are several discussions going on even today with clients 
where we are potentially receiving benefit from their consolidation. And who are they 
consolidating? There are, which you know very well, several quite large companies which 
have some issue whether in delivery, whether in the way they are going to market, or 
whether there is some governance issues, and we feel comfortable that we are consolidating 
from those companies quite regularly. So many of the clients at an individual level take a 
view that they need to drive the digital world. They can do it from their opex. They also 
are opening up their capex to do it - so it opens a little bit more of the spend. And then they 

7 
 
are using automation or consolidation to get some benefit from that. So, given all of that 
today, our discussions with clients remain good on demand. I think Mohit shared earlier 
that our pipeline today is looking very strong and that is where we are coming from given 
the macro environment that is going on. 
Apurva Prasad  
Salil my question is on the delivery structure and evolution of that. How do you see that 
over medium term - so is the fresher intake or the fresher hiring a lot more institutionalized 
and therefore you think the bottom of the pyramid as a percentage of the overall can 
expand? And does that also imply that attrition can remain elevated for longer periods of 
time? 
Salil Parekh 
On college recruiting, in fact Nilanjan and Krish have put in a program where we have the 
ability to do, let us say a target X, and then we have the ability to flex it on a monthly, 
quarterly cycle. So that gives us a tremendous advantage and that is part of the reason why 
we saw this large college recruitment program that happened in FY2022. We already set a 
target for FY2023 and we are well on our way to execute that. The idea as you know very 
well, our business model will be to make sure that essentially our cost per employee - the 
average remains within the band we want to be across the whole company. It is not just at 
one level or the other.  
Attrition you heard also from Krish – first, in Q4 it has come down by about 5 percentage 
points from the previous quarter. Generally speaking what we see with the initiatives we 
put in place - faster progression, more predictability, the comp increases that we have given 
- we see generally speaking attrition coming more in control. Anecdotally we are also 
seeing some of the startup ecosystem starting to face some issues in their funding - that 
was one source where we were seeing attrition going towards. So, some small X points 
will be reduced of attrition because that ecosystems seems more fragile and there will be 
less offtake into that as well. So, we generally feel attrition will remain more in control and 
campus hiring, college hiring is looking good there. 

8 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
I understand the macro risk are yet to show up in client decision making on their IT spend, 
but I was wondering how are you thinking about your own spends, your own investment 
plan for the year? Have there been any calibration or any thoughts of the investment that 
you are planning to do this year, or you think it is still too early; maybe look at some of the 
cost measures, some of your hiring plans for example? Are you thinking about it or you 
think it is still early to start preparing for any kind of slowdown in the demand? 
Salil Parekh 
I think on the cost what Nilanjan mentioned, we have a very strong cost management 
program that runs basically all the time but with new targets every year. So, not that we 
have taken anything because of the macro but in general we have a tight cost management 
program. We had three wage increase cycles, so that has been more of a driver than the 
external environment. On investments, again Nilanjan shared in his session, we have 
looked at where we want to build capability and that is something we want to go ahead 
with. We also have looked at what we want to drive, in terms of the employee connect and 
that we want to go ahead with. So, those have continued. We have not made any changes 
to that. 
Girish Pai  
Two questions; one was with regard to your Retail, CPG business. We have had a few retail 
companies in the US come up with fairly bad results and also commentary for the rest of 
the year. In that part of the business, are you seeing any kind of initial pressure from 
conversations on sales cycle or implementation of projects or discussions on value based 
pricing, is there any pushback coming from them? Second question was regarding your 
value based pricing proposition itself - is it a little too late in the cycle to talk about it 
because now we are kind of going into a bit of a slowdown situation? 
Salil Parekh 

9 
 
On the retail, at this stage, we have not seen any change in the pipeline. What we do see is 
there are some of our clients who are well on their way to e-commerce transformation, 
omni-channel journey; they are accelerating what they want to drive through. But we have 
not seen anything which has come subsequent to the results that you mentioned.  
Nilanjan Roy 
I think the problem still is there. I mean if you see the latest U.S. economic stats there are 
12 mn jobs and there are 6 mn people applying for them. I mean wage inflation is 5% to 
6% in the US and consumer inflation was in the headline last month - 8%. So this is not 
typical recession, this is stagflation led recession, if it’s going to ever come. Clients are 
seeing same pressure internally within their teams as what we are seeing - the same kind 
of wage pressure. And therefore, we are going back to clients to talk about wage inflation, 
how we can plowback some of what they gave to us into our own teams. And the other side 
- change overall on a longer term basis, how we transform businesses, right? We have to 
move away as an industry because today we are core to business transformation, we are no 
more outsourced to India because it is the cheapest place in the world you can do a BPM 
transformation. That is history that was 10 years back. Now we are centerpiece in large 
deals. You are sitting centerpiece into the IT landscape of the company. So I think the 
narrative has to change - the way we are selling to our clients. And like I said, it starts first 
with us - we are making sure our sales people are educated on what value we are able to 
get and making that a wider conversation. So, I don’t think the opportunity has left us at 
all. 
Sandeep Shah  
This question is almost similar to what the previous participant asked. I think you as well 
as some of your global MNC vendors have also alluded that the pricing hike may come 
with a lag and if we look at from where we are today when the pricing hikes are due, the 
macro headwinds may further worsen. So, in that scenario, do you believe this pricing 
uptick commitment can be reversed or tough to get? 
Nilanjan Roy 

10 
 
I think again horses for courses. I mean, you cannot say, all clients will go out and next 
they have pricing conversation. In some places, you maybe 4th or 5th vendor, and you 
cannot suddenly become price leader. In some cases, you may be the number one vendor 
and you can start a pricing conversation. So, it will actually depend across industries, across 
the relationship with the client - the kind of work you have, are you on T&M, are you doing 
FP, what program, so it is going to be very customized to each client. But the reality is that 
you will have to have these conversations across the board. I mean we tell our sales guys 
the worst clients will say is ‘no’ - that is the worst it can happen. But you must go out and 
have those conversations now because that is what we are seeing in our structure. And if 
we are not able to pass that benefit on to our employees, in a way it will tell on attrition. 
So, it is in the clients’ interest as well to make sure that some of these which we can 
plowback into their teams, retention bonuses, etc., and they see this linkage in what they 
are doing with their own teams inside. Like if they are plowing back wage hikes to their 
own teams because they want to curtail attrition we are part of the extended teams. So, 
those are the kind of conversations we will have to have. 
Mihir Manohar  
I had a question on spends on Horizon 2 and Horizon 3. I mean, how should we spend see 
the spends on Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 versus Horizon 1 and when should that start getting 
some quantification some understanding of that, will be helpful. And what kind of services 
will largely be there in Horizon 2 and Horizon 3? 
Salil Parekh 
There we showed a little bit about what we are doing with the seeding on the future growth. 
We have not quantified that externally today but typically speaking, these things are more 
in the three year and plus type of range in terms of financial years. But the thing with these 
things is we brought a set of technologies, Ravi highlighted some of those, which we start 
to build out today. Sometimes, they kick in in 18 months, sometimes they may kick in 4 
years. So it is not a very definitive view but is something certainly outside of the current 
financial year. 

11 
 
Atul Mehra  
Again on pricing so fairly strong demand environment, where obviously post the pandemic 
demand has been extremely strong what has been the biggest constraint on pricing like is 
it every company’s wish to grow topline at a much faster pace and so what are the underline 
constraint to pricing? Is it client constraint - obviously they are facing inflation in their own 
entire cost structure - so what is the key in terms of constraint to underlying pricing going 
up? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I think, every client is very unique. It is not that you can go tomorrow and ask your 
1800 clients that my wage inflation has been two and a half wage hikes now, I think I need 
an 10% increase from you, it just does not work like that. It is different for different 
contracts - like I mentioned, you have to go to some clients and position yourself in terms 
of how you are influencing outcomes, rather than saying it is a rate card, because the easiest 
way that the client can knock you down is because there is somebody else who had the 
cheaper rate card. So these are conversations and the way you sell which are very nuanced 
by client by client, and therefore, some of them will have to be places where you can say I 
will have some skin in the game, the way I sell to you, it is an outcome let us price it, can 
I influence net promoter score, can I influence innovation cycles, can I have a certain skin 
in the game in terms of your outcome, those are the things which we are doing. High skill 
digital talent, which we fundamentally know is in short supply - based on experience, if 
you want somebody with 7 years of experience, who has worked on some Digital programs, 
can you get a 20% premium on billing for that client? So these are conversations which 
will happen. Some of them we ourselves are already picking up, but these have longer lead 
times - they do not just stick in overnight, where clients will say I agree to you. So I think 
this is a longer term thing, but more importantly, it is something which we have started 
programmatically inside the company - looking at digital program specifically at the time 
of striking new deals - what are you doing on T&M, what are you doing on small innovation 
project. That is the entire approach, it is not one size fits all. 

12 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Firstly you talked about very strong demand in Europe where we see maximum disconnect 
with the macro so trying to understand the demand drivers there. Secondly, you also talked 
about doubling down your investments in Europe so if you could quantify in terms of how 
much of margin drag is coming through in fiscal 2023 and what is a payback period when 
do you think that starts reflecting in incremental revenues or margins and that comes to our 
numbers? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On Europe I think the way we wanted to share is this is an outlook that we have for the 
next phase of our strategic journey. so think of the next, let us say 4 or 5 years as the horizon 
for what was discussed when Mohit shared some of that, I shared some of it, Nilanjan 
pointed to it. The thinking for us is we have a very strong business in Europe, but there are 
still more opportunities and there are a few geographies within the Europe where we think 
we can grow faster. We have some clear focus on what we will do to drive that, but we 
have not shared specific investment and return parameters externally. It is part of the mix 
that we have - as one of the initiatives we want to drive is to make sure we further expand 
in Europe, and that among the other things we discussed will give us a growth rate which 
is ahead of where the market is and we will continue to gain market share on an overall 
basis. 
Vimal Gohil  
Sir my question was on the large deals, the construct of the large deals seems to have 
changed over the past couple of years where we have seen a couple of very large deals 
which have involved significantly higher pass through costs and that probably has led to 
higher unbilled receivables, and free cash would have been even better than what you 
reported. Going forward how should we look at this - inherently will pass through costs 
remain elevated and probably have higher unbilled receivable, could you help us explain 
how do we sort of account for the pass through? Is it that we have frontloaded some of it 

13 
 
while the revenue hasn’t come - which relates to Kawal’s question on the profitability of 
the segments, so manufacturing has weaker profitability this time around? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think we have two different questions. I think unbilled and pass through are actually quite 
different. I think one of the reasons of the unbilled is many of these large deals have a large 
transformation element to it. They are not just simple T&M, bill every month, there you 
are involved in transformation milestones over a longer period of time and therefore their 
billing cycles do not necessary follow a typical monthly billing cycle or quarterly billing 
cycle. So that is why you are seeing this gap - it is nothing to do with whether you have a 
larger pass through and you have a larger unbilled. The biggest reason of unbilled is 
basically more transformation programs being done. I cannot answer about the future. 
Vimal Gohil  
What I meant was when you actually go and bid for these larger deals does it inherently 
have a clause wherein the pass through costs will be probably be higher than what you have 
been historically been comfortable with? 
Nilanjan Roy 
It does not. I think today, like Ravi mentioned, a lot of deals which are there are end to end 
‘as-a-service’ deal - that is the end objective of that. The client frankly does not want to 
see the nuts and bolts of what you are doing. So it is bundled with service, software, cloud, 
hardware; and we are in a best position because then you can leverage that. Because the 
moment the client starts buying hard chips and servers etc., then there is a cost 
transparency. If you are getting an end output and say it’s per transaction, per gigabyte 
process which is what cloud is about, you do not care how many servers you are putting. 
You are saying how much VMware capacity I can process in a microsecond, and that is 
the best way for the industry because then you created this opaque layer of cost to end 
delivery, and that is what as-a-service is about. So you will see bundled deals happening, 

14 
 
and as Ravi’s slide said as-infrastructure layer moving up and then finally business-as-a-
service. 
Mukul Garg  
On the Europe side Mohit mentioned that next 4 to 5 years the spend will be in line with 
this spend which is happening in US. Is that more to do with US being more mature market 
and hence our growth is slowing down there vis-à-vis Europe? And again the model which 
has been followed in Europe over last many years is a higher share of rebadging versus 
how things are in US. So, is that likely to continue or is the model changing there? 
Salil Parekh 
On Europe, I think what Mohit was sharing was we now see a greater openness for the 
large companies in Europe to look at both digital transformation and also global delivery. 
So we have seen, let us say country like Germany, the Nordic countries, we see the 
discussions there that we are having with the CXOs. And Mohit is very well positioned by 
being in that geography. At a very high level, the discussions are about how will those 
transformations happen. So we think that, it will give us more opportunity. So nothing to 
do with US being less in that sense, it is more that those discussions are giving us the 
confidence. We still think US will grow pretty well, but Europe has that newer set of clients 
which seem to be more keen for digital transformation and the global delivery programs. 
Mukul Garg 
On the nature of rebadging - which kind of prevailed in Europe in past, will that continue? 
Salil Parekh 
There again our experience is we have done work where we have taken employees over 
from clients in the US, from clients in different countries in Continental Europe and also 
UK. We have a specific method of doing it. We are not taking employees just for the sake 
of taking employees - we have a view that will we be able to now look at placing those 

15 
 
employees on other programs in the future so that is one lens we have. And then we have 
a lens on the skills that they are bringing in which can be relevant. We are doing it from 
that perspective and then clients both in Europe and US are seeming to be more open. We 
are also very attractive employer. Typically we have seen the rates at which those 
employees join us are fairly high, and that gives a feeling that as an employer brand we are 
very strong with those employees. 
Mukul Garg 
The second question was more conceptual keeping aside all the macro concerns which are 
out there, you presented a multitude of opportunities today during both your and Mohit’s 
session. There are many segments which by themselves are billion dollar businesses now 
and growing really fast, and then you also mentioned every $1 spend results in two to three 
times spend on services in many of the cases. Then why it is the case that your addressable 
market is still growing in mid-teens and not faster and the second way which is also there 
is there a likelihood of a winner looser kind of a scenario coming up in IT services or is 
that remote possibility because that is the only way for any company to meaningfully 
outgrow the peer set? 
Salil Parekh 
What I understood is you think that it should grow faster than the 13% or high teen growth? 
Mukul Garg 
The industry growth - the forecast was about 14% to 16% but the end markets are growing 
much faster. 
Salil Parekh 
I do not have a sense of why that is. Your point is valid. There is a lot of opportunity that 
exists. The way we took that was from external data sources that 14% to 16% - from what 
the industry analyst people put together - that was a consolidation, one of our external 

16 
 
providers gave it to us. My own sense is 14% to 16% is a very strong growth rate for the 
scale that we are talking about, because at the end if you look at that addressable market 
that was about $400bn, that is very large chunk of the overall tech services market which 
anyway between $1tn and $1.2tn depending how you count it. So it is a very large chunk 
of that which is going extremely well, and there are pieces within that which may grow, as 
you said, at the rate that you were describing even faster. For example we see even within 
that $400bn - the Cloud piece - however you cut it - just take the SaaS services piece, that 
is growing at a much faster rate. And that is why the Cobalt capability is very important 
for us because we built it all out. What Ravi was describing, the team has built it, it is ready 
now. What Mohit shared - we are putting industry solution. So, we are well ahead of where 
any peer is on that and our objective is, like we had last year we get 4, 6, 8 points of growth 
faster than anyone else in the industry, that is a significant outperformance for us. So we 
are now thinking of 20 points - for us 4 to 6 points would be very good. Any growth which 
is greater than the industry peers or industry leaders will give us some traction. And then 
as Nilanjan has said, we have the levers for margin. So that is how we created the business 
model and we get the growth, and we make sure we drive the levers for the operating 
margins. 
Ashwin Mehta  
So over the last 2 years we have added almost 106,000 fresher’s that is almost 1.5 times 
your net headcount addition is almost one-third of your current headcount. So is the 
demand becoming more complex or less complex for us to induct so many freshers? And 
secondly the follow up is, does this fresher-lateral ratio continue going forward or as you 
get into the next year or the year after, the lateral backfill will possibly increase? And the 
third associated question is if the staffing is so fresher led, will the clients be paying you 
extra? 
Salil Parekh 
There what we have seen is the first point on what is the type of demand and can a larger 
number of college graduates help us sufficiently fulfil it. What we see is there are a set of 

17 
 
methodologies and tools, Mohit referred to some of the platforms, that Infosys has built 
which is allowing us to make sure that many of our employees are getting skilled on that 
quickly enough and making sure that they become much more productive vis-à-vis what 
the clients are looking for. Now equally what the clients are looking for is complex in the 
digital transformation arena but we are making sure that with the tools that we built and 
the training that the individuals get, plus the remaining people within the company which 
are not college graduates, we have sufficient depth in delivery to make all of this happen. 
As we look ahead we do not have a specific view on the mix between as you called the 
lateral recruitment and college recruitment, but what we are very clear is there will be more 
and more emphasis on fulfilling internally - it is not 100% but it is more and more emphasis 
on that, and that gives us a way to build out what was described as a pyramid from internal 
basis which gives a lot of confidence to the people joining the company that they have a 
long and predictable carrier within the company. 
Girish Pai  
Ravi mentioned about business shifting from IT towards business operations. Would that 
mean you do more rebadging going forward? Second there was also discussion around 
experience studio being in-sourced by clients. So what is the logic behind that and then 
now would that lead to more business coming in your way? 
Salil Parekh 
On the IT and OPS I think what Ravi was sharing was there is more and more connected 
decision making when we are working with clients to not just look at tech but look at tech 
and OPS as a combined piece, and making sure that the OPS is also leveraging some of the 
new automation capabilities we have. I do not think it necessarily will translate to a 
discussion on client employees joining us or not, but it is much more that. As more of these 
things are becoming integrated what we spoke early, the more this ‘One Infosys’ model 
becomes more relevant because that in itself is something which differentiates us - not so 
many of our peers are able to bring all of this together with client discussions. Now on 
experience I did not follow what you meant. 

18 
 
Girish Pai  
Ravi mentioned that some of the experience studios are being in-sourced by customers. I 
felt that was bringing in people. Now how does that help you because you would be loosing 
business? 
Salil Parekh 
I think so what I thought Ravi was sharing, there is much more emphasis on the experience 
capability today with clients. What he said with in-source - what we see is the WongDoody 
Digital Lab is placed within the client organization while we are making sure that is being 
run with those methods of human experience. So it is not just that the clients are coming to 
our labs, it is like we are building a center within their organization in their headquarters 
so that allows them a greater usage and then it brings to us more capability as they are 
using. So not that they are taking it from outside provider but putting the WongDoody Lab 
inside the client. 
Rahul Jain  
Just on the subcontracting initiatives that you shared in the slide. What are the easy 
efficiency that we can bring in FY2023 or maybe near-term that you could do with some 
of the three, four things that you shared is it like more getting fresher helping out easing 
on that number or even from any other form? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, I think the whole recruitment model is very interconnected. It is interconnected with 
fresher’s, it has got lateral, it has got an attrition element, it has got a fresher element and 
in a way “subcon” quote unquote is a balancing figure because that is the final place where 
the pyramid does not fit, then you say okay let me get you a subcon that is the way the 
whole operational model of this industry work. Therefore, all these four have an impact on 
number of subcons. So, theoretically if attrition comes down no need of so many subcon. 
Theoretically if you can put more freshers you will have less subcons. So, these are all 

19 
 
interrelated. There are some programs which we are consciously driving and not waiting 
for the outcome of attrition and not waiting for more freshers to come and getting deployed 
- for instance to subcon to hire. So reaching out to many of these subcons. I am saying okay 
a permanent employee position does not demand this kind of a wage premium because the 
flexibility cost of subcons is that you have to pay that wage premium because they do not 
have fixed job. So you hire them and you do not have to pay that kind of a wage premium 
which the subcon demand or you replace them because now you already know there is a 
steady state demand already available for this job and therefore in three to five months of 
redeployment you actually replace them with an employee. So, those are something which 
are quick levers which we can deploy, and even on the rate side looking at ways how we 
can bring down the rates of subcons through vendors consolidation etc. So there are number 
of levers which we can deploy and we will already see some effect of that. 
Ankur Rudra 
If there is a slowdown for example second half of this year or sometime next year, there 
has been a historical perception that Infosys has a higher proportion of discretionary 
services compared to many of your large players and if there is a slowdown it might be 
more exposed now. We do not have a service line split anymore because you have been 
sharing with us only the digital proportion of business. How should we think about it right 
now in terms of what proportion of your engagements are likely to be reviewed if there is 
a slowdown next year versus the rest. Is proportion of fixed price contracts one relevant 
proxy for example? 
Salil Parekh 
For us what has happened with the change in both the Digital and also the larger deals is, 
in general, without giving percentages, there is more of a shift to the managed services 
approach. So I do not have a specific view on what the market considered discretionary in 
the past and what will it be in the future but our mix is definitely much more managed 
services, much more medium to long-term in the way we are working with clients. So we 

20 
 
will see of course in the event that you describe if some of the thing happens, but that is 
how our mix has changed. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Just to add, I think this was a question when COVID struck most investors have asked 
Infosys seems to have the most discretionary spend. We were the only player which grew 
in this period of COVID when this cut down in your way happened - just to give you an 
answer of how widespread our services are. 
Ankur Rudra 
Also if we look at the nature of these deals that you have been winning, the proportion of 
large deals has been high - it has been a significant success story for you. However, the 
large deals that you have shared has been sort of plateauing for the last year or so. And I 
think one of the assumptions we have had and I think you have shared this as well, there is 
a higher proportion of medium size contracts, smaller size contracts we are winning with 
clients which is not visible in what you publish normally. Is that something which might 
be a source of risk for you and perhaps for the industry? If the proportion of small size 
deals and small contracts is increasing, they are easier to not renew or easier to shut down 
as opposed to large contracts which was in that at a high proportion a year ago? 
Salil Parekh 
The large deals the way we are seeing is - what we have shared in the past is our large deals 
are deals over $50mn. So they are already significant sized deal. We only refer to what we 
call some mega deals and those we said are not predictable in a sense. So we do not know 
which quarter they may come in and they may come across a year, 2 years. We still, as I 
look at our pipeline, have mega deals in our pipeline, but the large deal number which is 
what Mohit and Nilanjan shared - the number of over 90 - that number is increasing. So 
these are not small deals meaning these are not deals which are $1mn and $2mn deal - these 
are deals each over $50mn. So today when we look at the pipeline that pipeline is looking 

21 
 
strong for us and we feel comfortable with that sort of a pipeline what we have closed and 
that looks good for our guidance for this year. 
Aayush Rastogi  
So first question is in today’s world clients are at a different stage of transformation and so 
cutting their IT budgets today will make their existing investments as sunk cost so do you 
agree to this and then only we will see the less tech spending this time? And the second 
question is considering the current macro environment do you think the current growth 
guidance is at risk? 
Salil Parekh 
I think on the first one what I understood is the IT is very critical so they may not cut the 
IT is that what you are saying? 
Aayush Rastogi 
Yes. 
Salil Parekh 
What we see is there is a strong prevalence within large company that we are working with 
to drive this digital transformation because it is helping them position themselves better. 
They are also using both opex, sometime some capex so that gives in a little bit more 
flexibility in how they are looking at their budgeting. Because of automation, consolidation 
they are also taking some cost out of their existing landscape, which is allowing them to 
fund it. So given all of those parameters we see the digital transformation continuing. On 
the second our guidance at 13% to 15% remains where it is. We feel comfortable with our 
guidance given where we are in the environment. 
NGN Puranik  

22 
 
I have a question on the pyramid - the whole pyramid architecture. If you look back to the 
early 2000, the first tech boom, a lot of hiring happened and a lot of promotions happened 
very quickly and those who were promoted quickly they become they target for pyramid 
correction later because there were capability issue of those guys who have been promoted 
earlier. So do you see any correlation to what happened that time and today in the context 
of people who are working from home today? Would some of these guys would get into a 
situation where they may not be very relevant unless they are trained very well? 
Salil Parekh 
I think what happened in 2000, I do not have a strong sort of a correlation with what we 
are seeing today from that perspective. What we do see is the duration of the skill relevance 
is shorter today. So what could have been 10, 15 years for an SAP, ABAP skill, today in 
the world of Cloud, Cyber is probably 5, 7 years where you have to replenish your skill. 
What I feel happened in the past, if people were willing to re-skill themselves even in the 
longer duration, their longevity in the career was higher in terms of percentages and it will 
be the same if people are will to re-skill. So let us say in this five, seven year horizon which 
is shorter horizon, if at the end of that horizon people say look I am going to re-skill and 
build a new skill - whatever that skill – quantum, meta - whatever that skill is on that day, 
then that longevity will increase. And the thing with Infosys has always been which is a 
very strong company value is, if people are willing to re-skill they will continue. We are 
not a company which is churning people just for the stake of it. We are much more a 
company which is reskilling. That is how I think it can play out if people choose to re-skill. 
Krati Sankhlecha 
Sir wanted to understand Infosys’ guidance of 13% to 15% - last year you had 20%. What 
is stopping Infosys from growing 14% to 16% every year for the next 5 years, 6 years? 
Because of COVID people have accelerated their digital spends, there is a huge market, 
which is not digitalized yet. So what is stopping Infosys from growing much higher? Is it 
just a lack of sales force on the ground or is it because there is a market that Infosys will 
never pitch in for? 

23 
 
Salil Parekh 
There for us the guidance for this financial year April to March is 13% to 15% for  growth. 
We do not give a guidance which is a multi-year guidance so we do not have any specific 
view for the year after. Of course last year we did 19.7% so the guidance which we changed 
a few times in the year upwards. The way we look at the guidance as you know is where 
we have the deals that have worked for the previous few quarters what we see in the 
pipeline and how we are converting at that stage in the market. of course we would like to 
grow at a rate which is above the market. what will happen in the sort of the year after in 
the financial year, we do not have a view of. what we tried to do today was more give you 
a sense that if you look out over the next few years the demand environment is fairly solid 
with this cloud and digital and our capability is very strong. so we will play well in that 
demand environment and we will more than likely grow at a rate which is above so that we 
gain market share from our peers. 
Krati Sankhlecha 
Sir I was not looking for a guidance specifically but wanted to understands in your mind 
what are the constraints that cannot let this industry grow higher than this for continuously 
every year? 
Salil Parekh 
There I do not have a specific view on the industry. Within for Infosys particularly, I do 
not see any constraints. We have a very strong engine, it is this that we do not have a view 
of what that number will be in second and third year. 
Kavya Chavali  
So on that note, ladies and gentlemen, we conclude the open house.  
