 
 
Registered Office: ‘HOEC HOUSE’, Tandalja Road, Off Old Padra Road, Vadodara - 390 020. INDIA. 
 : 91 (0265) 2330766 ● E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com 
 
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
‘Lakshmi Chambers’, 192, St. Mary’s Road, Alwarpet, Chennai - 600 018. INDIA.  
: 91 (044) 66229000 ● Fax: 91 (044) 66229011 / 66229012 
E-mail: contact@hoec.com ● Website: www.hoec.com   CIN: L11100GJ1996PLC029880 
 
 
June 08, 2022  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               By Online 
 
The Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051           
Stock Code: HINDOILEXP 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, P. Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Stock Code: 500186 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the transcript of the Earnings Call held on June 02, 2022, 
with respect to the audited financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2022. 
 
The same is made available on the Company’s website at https://www.hoec.com/results-
andreports/financial-results/. 
 
We request you to kindly take the submission on records. 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
G Josephin Daisy 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited 
Q4 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 and FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Call of HOEC Limited for the 
Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ending 2022. My name is Anuj Sonpal, CEO of Valorem 
Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of HOEC Limited. Firstly, let me mention a short 
cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's con call may be forward-looking 
in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is 
really to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in 
today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. 
P. Elango, Managing Director; Mr. R. Jeevanandam, Executive Director and Chief Financial 
Officer. Without much delay, I request Mr. Elango, to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
P. Elango: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good morning, everyone. Happy to connect with you all on this Q4 FY22 
earnings call. Jeeva, our CFO and Whole-Time Director, is with me. Valorem Advisors, our 
Investor Relations advisors, are also on the call. I hope everyone has received our updated 
earnings presentation. We've also uploaded it on our website for your reference. I'm pleased 
to share that the well D2, which is predominantly gas producing in our B-80 block has been 
brought online and gas production has commenced. After treating the produced gas to meet 
the specifications of ONGC, it is being pumped into ONGC pipeline to pack the line effective 
31st May 2022. This is a 56-kilometer 14-inch line that has not been used by ONGC. Therefore, 

 
Page 2 of 30 
the volume of gas to be packed in the line through B-80 gas will be discussed and agreed with 
ONGC. Post that, buyer will be formally notified to receive the gas to commence the 
commercial sales. Initially, the well will be flown at lower rates. Post stabilization of all 
parameters, the flow rate will be increased to meet the committed gas volume of 10 million 
standard cubic feet per day. Our gas processing capacity is about 15 million standard cubic feet 
per day. Being an offshore block, B-80 development has posed multiple challenges. It has been 
a difficult journey due to the disruption caused by the pandemic and later the cyclone. Post 
installation of single-point mooring system and mobilization of floating storage offload vessel, 
we have started the pre-commissioning of the processing facilities at KGB Offshore Installation. 
The facilities include separators, gas dehydration unit and compressors among others. These 
were installed more than a year back as these equipment were onboard for more than a year 
without being used. Commissioning of each equipment took much longer time than expected. 
Tuning of these each process equipment are required to be carried out by introducing 
hydrocarbon by adhering to high level of safety standards. The contractor has to mobilize 
personnel and spares from the original equipment manufacturers from various parts of the 
world. Overall, this has taken much more time than initially envisaged. Subsea pipelines and 
umbilical systems were installed in May 2021 before the cyclone. We observed some losses of 
hydraulic fluids in the umbilical joints while opening the wells. This was subsequently 
addressed with the help of ONGC dive support vessels through subsea diving operations. 
Rectification was successful in respect of D2 well. However, in D1 oil well, after holding the 
pressure for some time, we observed the loss of hydraulic fluid once again. We are drawing up 
plans and procedures for mobilizing the DSV of ONGC again to attempt rectification of the 
umbilical issue of D1 well at the earliest. Therefore, initial production is only from D2 well. This 
will be followed by D1 well on successful repair of the loss of hydraulic fluid, which is being 
attempted with ONGC support. We wish to clarify that both the wells have demonstrated the 
expected reservoir pressure while flowing, and we have not seen any issues with the 
productivity of the wells. The delay in commencement of commercial production from B-80 by 
more than a year has caused severe strains on company's resources. Offshore assets require 
safe maintenance, whether it is operating or not. We had to stretch our limited resources to 
deal with the unanticipated challenges. Our plan is to remain focused on B-80 as we have to 
bring it on full production mode. At Dirok, we pursued a strategy of value over volume to realize 
a better gas price. During Q4, we continued to supply gas at a premium price to Numaligarh 
refinery, Assam Gas Company, BCPL and NEEPCO. Due to this, in Q4, the premium sales 
constituted 40% of total gas sales, fetching a premium of over $1 per mmbtu to the 
Government notified prices of $2.9 per mmbtu. Balance 60% of the produced volumes were 
supplied to OIL at Government notified prices. However, lower offtake by downstream 
consumers reduced our average production in Q4 to about 28 million standard cubic feet per 
day. Overall, Dirok field continues to perform very well, maintaining excellent reservoir 
performance. Till date, the field has delivered nearly 50 BCF of gas and 1 million barrels of 
condensate. The Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant emerged as the role model plant in 
North-East region and safely clocked 1,480 days of Lost Time Injury (LTI)-free operations as on 

 
Page 3 of 30 
31st March 2022. On PY-1, the Dispute Resolution Committee recommended a settlement 
package that has been accepted in principle by both HOEC and Government. The issue was 
related to method to be adopted for calculation of royalty. Terms of settlement require both 
the parties not to disclose its content. Liabilities arising out of this proposed settlement had 
been provided for in the books of accounts. Once a settlement agreement is executed and 
payment remitted, extension of PY-1 PSC for 10 years will be granted by the Government. This 
brings to an amicable end a long outstanding issue. This would also pave the way for PSC 
extension and future development drilling to increase production. Meanwhile, adhoc 
extensions are being granted by the Government. A similar situation prevails in Kharsang, 
where the issue relates to cost recovery limits, as there are differences between the contractor 
and the Government as to the amount eligible for cost recovery. Discussions are ongoing 
between the Government and the operator. This cost recovery eligibility issue is likely to be 
referred to Dispute Resolution Committee. In our Cambay assets, under approved field 
development plans, we will be drilling 2 development wells at Asjol and North Balol each. At 
Palej, Ring Fenced PSC has been signed by the JV for R2 area and has been submitted to MoPNG 
through DGH for final execution. In January, mandatory public hearing was completed as part 
of environmental clearance process to implement these development plans. In our other 
north-eastern blocks - Kherem, Umatara and Greater Dirok, there has been further progress in 
the regulatory process for forest and environmental clearances. I now invite Jeeva to share the 
financials. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Thanks, Elango. We report that the Company made a revenue of Rs. 38.24 crore in the current 
quarter against Rs. 36.24 crore in the previous quarter. For the year end, the standalone sales 
revenue is Rs. 130.5 crore, comparing Rs. 99.44 crore in the previous year. In the consolidated 
accounts, the revenue from sale is Rs. 42.21 crore against Rs. 43.93 crore in the previous 
quarter, and for the year 21-22, it is Rs. 155.73 crore comparing Rs. 113.86 crore in the previous 
year. Increase in revenue is mainly from increase in sales price of gas in Assam and higher 
realization for condensate due to increase in oil prices. The profit on standalone basis before 
exceptional items is Rs. 23.4 crore in the current quarter against Rs. 17.6 crore in the previous 
quarter. For the year 21-22 before exceptional items, the profit before tax is Rs. 70.19 crore 
comparing Rs. 37.47 crore in the previous year. However, after adjusting the exceptional items, 
the profit for the period after tax is Rs. 35.83 crore, comparing Rs. 65.06 crore in the previous 
year. In the consolidated accounts, the profit after tax for the current year is Rs. 19.95 crore 
against the Rs. 53.46 crore in the previous year. The exceptional items represents Rs. 28 crore 
related to settlement with the Government of India on royalty issue to secure 10 years 
extension of the block PY-1. Provision has been made for an arbitration award against the 
Company for Rs. 6.47 crore for the surrendered block CB-OS/1, and no amount is carried in the 
books, as it was surrendered much much earlier. The total expenses of standalone including 
the DDA is Rs. 20.85 crore comparing Rs. 20.59 crore in the previous quarter. For the year 21-
22, the total expense is Rs. 77.12 crore, comparing Rs. 73.79 crore in the previous year. 
Operating costs are not linear to increase in revenue. However, the statutory levies such as the 

 
Page 4 of 30 
royalty and cess are ad valorem. In the consolidated accounts, it is Rs. 36.34 crore comparing 
Rs. 28 crore in the previous quarter. This increase is due to operating cost of Floating Storage 
Offshore, effective to its commissioning on 26th of December 2021 and the depreciation 
thereon. Operating cash flow - standalone for the year is Rs. 79.58 crore comparing Rs. 52.8 
crore in the previous year, which do not include the working capital changes. In the 
consolidated accounts, it is Rs. 79.3 crore comparing Rs. 54.24 crore. Outstanding term loan as 
on 31st March 2022 for the group is Rs. 329 crore and the average financing cost is less than 9% 
with the cross currency swap. The total investment made in B-80 including the assets for 
captive use through its subsidiary is Rs. 955 crore. Delay in commencement of production from 
B-80 causes strain on the cash flow of the Company. As stated by Elango, on commencement 
of production from B-80, we would be able to solve the working capital issues as well as 
liquidate the debt at a faster mode than the tenure agreed to the banks. As on date, only about 
25% of the investment in oil and gas assets are in revenue mode and the balance would move 
to revenue mode on commencement of B-80 production. This will enable the wholly owned 
subsidiaries on revenue mode to sustain on their own. We submit that better numbers could 
be reported on the commencement of production from B-80, which will make the new 
beginning, and our focus thereafter would be on the other dormant assets in the Company in 
western region as well as PY-1. Thanks, and back to you Elango. 
P. Elango: 
Thank you, Jeeva. Anuj, we can open the forum for questions now. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Akshay 
Satija from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, in your earlier presentations, we've talked about B-80 gas production could go up to 15 to 
23 mmscfd. Now our current contract is 10 mmscfd. So, by when can we expect this number 
to go up to 14 to 23 kind of levels? 
P. Elango: 
We've never mentioned anything beyond 15 million cubic feet as far as B-80 production is 
concerned. The sales volume what we have committed is we expect the production to range 
between 12 million to 15 million cubic feet. We will have our internal consumption of gas. So, 
we have safely made a commitment of 10 million cubic feet. We know that demand within the 
region is there, and we have the ability to deliver additional volume as well. But overall limit is 
15 million cubic feet per day. Out of that, internal consumption could vary between 2 million 
to 3 million cubic feet and the rest will be sent on sales. 
Akshay Satija: 
So, is it fair to assume it will be 10 million to 12 million cubic feet around that level itself? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. At this stage, it is fair to assume 10 million cubic feet, that is what we have committed. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, on second question on the B-80 thing, earlier, our stance was that we will share 20%, 22% 
odd with the Government and we'll manage our production accordingly. Right now with oil 

 
Page 5 of 30 
prices going above $100 per barrel, does that stance stand because at those prices, our 
production is going to be very low from B-80, if we consider 20%, 22% Government share. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I think we wanted to flow the well to its optimum level. And in a way that if the price rise goes 
on, we have to share more revenue with the Government. But at the current prices, if you 
assume around, say, average price of about, say, $85 to $90 over a period and we cannot take 
an operation prices above 1 month and say about $85, $90, we will be sharing with the 
Government, which is in the order of 1/3rd. It should be around 33% to 34%, excluding royalty. 
With the royalty, the Government is more beneficial to the extent of around 45%, the balance 
55% will go to HOEC. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, do we have produce more even if we have to pay more to the Government, because earlier 
our stance was we will produce only up till a point where 20%, 22% will be shared. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes. The initial operation, which happens, we expect the oil price moves to $120 or in the 
pricing for the whole year or something. But we cannot bring the well to the minimum. We 
have to flow the well to an optimum level. But optimum we will continue to maintain, even if 
it is a more share to the Government.  
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, in that also earlier point, we had earlier also indicated that from D2 well, our production 
can vary from 15 to 23 this year. We didn’t commit in terms of volumes, but there wasn't -- 
P Elango: 
I'll clarify, we never mentioned anything beyond 15 million cubic feet from the gas, our stand 
has been consistently 15 million only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varatharajan from Antique Limited. Please go ahead. 
Varatharajan: 
Sir, I have three questions, in fact. B-80 now, what should we take as a commissioning for oil? 
Should we take post the weather window or during the times…. 
P. Elango: 
As I said in my opening remarks, the rectification plan that we are drawing up for D1 would 
require the help of ONGC's dive support vessel. But these actions does not involve lifting of any 
heavy equipment. So, it can be performed during this weather window also. So, it doesn't have 
to wait for monsoon to be over. It can be performed. Obviously, we would look for the right 
condition before deploying the vessel. 
Varatharajan: 
Secondly, this premium in the North-east gas of $1, now that gas prices are at $6.1, so we 
should continue to take $1 kind of a premium or higher than that or lower than that on the 
40% of the volume? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. You can continue to take that $1 premium over the current price of $6.1 as such. 
Varatharajan: 
And the volume, should we take it at a normalized level  

 
Page 6 of 30 
P. Elango: 
The volumes are also quite sensitive to the price. What we have seen since April is there was a 
dip in the offtake in the volume. But it is again picking up a bit. So, there is a sensitivity linked 
to that. But mostly in Northeast, what we are seeing is it's the shutdowns of the consumers 
plant also determine that. But there is certainly a sensitivity. But our contract is tight, meaning, 
anyone who wants to meet their peak demand approaches and we deliver the gas at the 
premium over the Government notified price that has been established. 
Varatharajan: 
My final question was this PY-1. So, now obviously, we required to do additional work and all 
that. And what is the kind of production we can expect? And the existing offtake contract with 
GAIL, does it stand? Or is there a scope for you to enter into a new contract in terms of the 
work? 
P. Elango: 
The existing contract with GAIL is very much valid and running. We've actually recently 
restarted the production of a small volume from PY-1, just a couple of weeks back, and meeting 
the GAIL specification, that is running. As far as increasing the production from PY-1, as you 
said earlier, would require drilling new wells, for which all the technical work has been 
completed. We have initiated the environmental clearance process, and this will require a lead 
time of around 9 to 12 months in terms of recurring or the tangibles. So, the drilling activity 
can happen in the early part of 2023. 
Varatharajan: 
So, post that, what is the kind of production we should take, sir? We should go back to 10 to 
15 mmscfd or lower than that? 
P. Elango: 
No. I think before we faced the problem with GAIL on the specification. We are producing a 
small volume of roughly about 1 million cubic feet per day. That is what we have told now. 
Varatharajan: 
Fair enough. Just a clarification on this entire PY-1 proposition. Given that your price is like a 
fixed price with GAIL, would it even make sense for you to invest significantly to actually 
produce more at those prices? 
P. Elango: 
I think our first priority is to resolve the outstanding issue with the Government related to the 
royalty calculation, which has been resolved now. And this is the first time the Government 
through the alternative dispute resolution mechanism has come to a settlement with any oil 
and gas company. So, that way, we are happy that we didn't have to go through the normal 
legal route and reach a settlement. The first priority is to secure the PSC extension, that should 
happen. We’ve now restored the production to a very small level. Overall, I think we've 
discussed this earlier also. The way we see PY-1 is there's a huge basket of unrecovered cost. 
And we have a fully developed infrastructure. So, the investment is that of a marginal nature 
that where you drill the well, as long as you are able to recover the well cost, no other 
investment is required. Pricing is, once you commit to a price, then you have to live by that 
contract. That's what we will do. But overall, our plan would be to revive it, but timing of it will 
definitely in terms of priority, as I outlined, it would be getting the B-80 on full production mode 

 
Page 7 of 30 
first, parallelly getting ready for investment in other blocks. But do the actual investment only 
after we are fully stabilized. 
Varatharajan: 
If I can squeeze in one more question for an update on PY-3. 
P. Elango: 
PY-3 status quo remains, there is the new development plan. We have not seen any activity on 
the ground. And our attention has been on B-80 only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdul Karim from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdul Karim: 
Coming to the Kharsang project. Outstanding issues related to the cost recovery limits to be 
referred to the Dispute Resolution Committee. And the second is the 18 numbers of wells to 
be drilled in the near future. So, could you update on this? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. First is in Kharsang, we participate in Kharsang through our subsidiary entity, Geopetrol, 
we have a 25% stake in this. We are a non-operator there. We also have a 50% ownership of 
the operating company Geoenpro. So, all Kharsang matters are dealt by the operating 
company, one. And like every Pre- NELP block, there are a lot of legacy issues associated with 
these Production Sharing Contracts, which were signed 25 years back. When the timing is 
coming up for extension, Government is really putting pressure, pay up whatever was put as 
the demand by the Government, pay up tax to get the PSC extension. So, in this case, unlike 
PY-1, at least there is a clarity in the different positions taken by us as the contractor and as 
the Government which relates to the way the royalty should be calculated. In cost recovery, 
it's a much more complex area which cost will be allowed and beyond which point, et cetera, 
et cetera. So, what we have said is as a non-operator, our other position has been out of the 
total amount being demanded by the Government, certain portions, can be agreed and the 
remaining portion can be referred to the Dispute Resolution Committee. But the decision has 
to be taken jointly by all the JV partners. But all I can tell you is there's an intense discussion 
going on between operator and the Ministry and DGH. By next quarter, we should be able to 
provide a more clear update on that. 
Abdul Karim: 
 And the second question is, you have increased your loans from almost in double. So, what is 
your future plan regarding the loan and the long-term loan borrowings? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
When you look at the total investments made in B-80 is about Rs. 960 crore. Out of that, we 
have taken about only 1/3 as a loan. The balance 66% is internal funding. If B-80 commenced 
the production, then we would be able to repay the loan quickly thereon. Then in every asset, 
we don't want to borrow more than 1/3 of the Capex required. So, our major investments, next 
we are looking at only from PY-1. So, we will be able to raise some element of funds actually, 
which may be either a debt or equity as the case maybe. We have no plan at the moment, but 
we are banking on the B-80 revenue. If everything subject to the commencement of production 

 
Page 8 of 30 
and the price holding it, we would be able to have a cash flow, which is in the order of around 
Rs. 500 crore, we should be able to meet with the requirements. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rikesh Parikh from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Congrats on getting the B-80 operationalized. Sir, my question is on B-80. With this new 
development, sorry, if have missed this, I might not be aware of it. But what is the kind of 
complication in D1 well? And what are the current volume? So, we had an estimated 8,000 
barrel of oil equivalent per day. So, with only D2 operational, what should be the kind of oil we 
can expect for that to be operationalized as such? 
P. Elango: 
The numbers that we have indicated as a total for both wells put together is somewhere 
between 7,500 to 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent. Out of that, the oil component was 
somewhere between 4,500 barrels to 5,000 barrels and the gas component constitutes the 
2,500 in terms of oil equivalent, in terms of gas as such. Right now, the well that we have 
brought on production is predominantly gas. This also produces a little bit of oil. We've just 
started a few days back, and we'll be monitoring the volume that comes. Now whatever little 
volume that we produce along with the gas, we're able to export that into our FSO for storage 
purposes. So, we have done the transfer of this oil into FSO. Through that, we have tested the 
whole system as well. So, the total volume would really depend on by when we are able to 
bring D1 into production. At this stage, we don't have a specific date to commit. And all I can 
assure you is we'll make every attempt to bring it on stream as soon as possible. As I said, this 
will require underwater operations involving ONGC vessels. So, as we bring it on board, we will 
make an announcement about that. So, until then, it is basically the gas well, as I said, gas well 
from a revenue point of view, what you need to consider is 10 million cubic feet. Right now, 
we are producing at a low rate, but we will be able to ramp that up to ensure a sale of 10 million 
cubic feet. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
And second thing is regarding the Dirok field. We have seen a reduction in the offtake over 
there. So, do you think that the higher prices of offtake is lower over there and even our existing 
partner, Oil India, who is being the first consumer, so they are taking on the lower size as such? 
How should we take it, sir? 
P. Elango: 
I think you're right. There are 2 factors that are at play. Number one is obviously, all our 
customers have got access to Oil India gas as well as that of Dirok gas, all the customers. So, 
their first choice would be to exhaust their volume from Oil India, which is always at a lower 
price. But we have been able to successfully position ourselves as a peak demand supplier. So, 
with every company, we have managed to hire the contract, and they know that whenever 
there's a demand increase in their plant, we are there to supply them as well. And certainly, 
not only in North-east, we are seeing in all over India, the Indian consumer is very, very 
sensitive to the gas prices. So, there is a certain percentage of that it strings by the price 
institute per customer. That is one. The second thing what we also observed is, whenever there 

 
Page 9 of 30 
is a shutdown of a major player like BCPL or NEEPCO or any other major player, straight away 
offtake gets reduced. So, I think what we are seeing is we've seen in the current quarter also a 
slightly lower offtake, but it started picking up recently. We’ll have to really wait and watch. 
The third development is, earlier, we were the only private supplier in North-east market. Right 
now, there are other couple of players also coming, supplying in different regions, both 
Vedanta and Oilmax. So, all this will outplay and we'll watch all these developments before we 
make further investment in drilling additional well. The good news is our wells are producing 
very well, and we feel that this gas is of excellent quality. We'll be able to meet the demand of 
the market but it is very difficult for us to generate demand in the market. We will play to the 
demand of the market. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Sir, one more additional question related to the previous one. So, I understand from the fact 
that we have got an approval from the Forest Department for increasing the output. So, let's 
assume whenever we increase from 35 mmscfd to 50 mmscfd of gas, sir, would we be able to 
have a captive demand for that for the additional ARPU? 
P. Elango: 
The way we are planning is, one is the Dirok field development plan Phase 2, which has already 
been approved, really involves 2 components. One is to drill additional wells to increase the 
production. And the other is to create our own infrastructure, which is the pipeline 
infrastructure, which passes through the forest land. This is the second component. So, we are 
keen to really continue with the pipeline infrastructure, which will help us to directly deal with 
the customers, multiple customers and have the flexibility. Also de-risk our dependence on Oil 
India's very old pipeline as such. So, that's how we see that. So, we have got the stage 1 Forest 
clearance. Stage 2 should be coming through. As far as drilling of well, there are 2 ways we 
have already demonstrated. The existing well has delivered up to 42 million cubic feet per day. 
That's our first milestone to ensure with the existing wells, we deliver the market demand. If 
required, we can always undertake our core operations which will involve increasing 
production from the existing wells. If not, we always have the flexibility to drill additional well. 
So, we will take this investment decision in a phased manner, but we'll always be ready to meet 
the demand of the market. Now your second part of your question, as far as the demand is 
concerned, we expect the major demand to really come in North-east once the Numaligarh 
Refinery expansion project is completed, which I believe is on track. That project completion 
would significantly increase the demand from a premium customer like Numaligarh Refinery. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
My question relates to B-80. Regarding D1 well, can you say how technically it is difficult to 
correct the problem or anything on that? Like in this well, you are sure that we'll start 
production? 
P. Elango: 
It is technically difficult to answer this question seriously, because we, in consultation with the 
OEM and the experts, came up with a solution that worked in D2, but that did not work in D1 

 
Page 10 of 30 
after pressure was held for some time, and did not subsequently work. So, we are consulting 
first to make definitely one more attempt. And what is the good news is, earlier we thought 
certain type of operations cannot be undertaken during the monsoon period. But the nature 
of solutions that we are looking at can be executed during this window also. So, that is our 
effort. It's very difficult to really predict the outcome. 
Sunil Jain: 
So, if suppose given this corrective action, what you are planning, it doesn't work, which has 
not worked in the first attempt, so doesn't work, then what would be the course of action 
thereafter? 
P. Elango: 
So, the course of action is to continue the production from D2 gas well and take an overall 
review of everything subsequently, which would involve lifting certain equipment to the 
surface and rectifying it. As you said, there is no problem with the wells per se, there's no 
problem at the Mobile Offshore Process Plant also. To a layman example, this is like - a TV is 
functioning well, but the remote alone we are having a problem. So, we don't see it as a major 
issue. At the same time, if the whole umbilical system need to be lifted, that can only be done 
through post-monsoon. But please give us I mean, some more time to make another attempt. 
The good news is it can be done during this period. And as soon as we have the results of the 
attempt, we will update you. Time is only a factor here. 
Sunil Jain: 
And sir, another question related to this is that, what is the fixed cost which you need to pay 
as a cash outside per month during this period? And what could be the capital cost, which you 
may be incurring on doing all this activity rectification? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
So, you are talking about the future Capex for this repair works? 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
That should be about less than $400,000. 
Sunil Jain: 
And the running cost of gas operations, will there be royalty to Government on this, because 
gas, I think, is not attracting that. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
For the gas, we have to pay the royalty. And this is being a Revenue Sharing Contract, whatever 
the revenue shared actually in proportion towards whatever the quoted rate for us. So, roughly 
about 55 divided by the million, that is about say 54%, multiplied by the proportion to the $1 
million to the revenue. So, roughly around, say, if my revenue is $100, I'll be paying to the 
Government, which is in the order of say, $20. 
Sunil Jain: 
And apart from that, cash running costs will be what was earlier you had predicted around $15 
per this thing or it will be less, sir? 

 
Page 11 of 30 
R. Jeevanandam: 
What is happening, it is more of a captive plan for us, only the 40% we have to share with 
others. So, if you look at an open and transfer model as such, we'll be having our cost at about, 
say, $125,000 a day. So, it would be more economical and meaningful if we start the oil well 
also on production. If you start only with the gas well, we will be making some money as such. 
But all over MOPU and FSO would get paid. And we'll have still some money, a small amount 
of money, which we can share with the Government and to the partners thereof. So, it’s 
meaning if we have full production from the field as such. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
First, congratulations on starting off with the gas well. So, just wanted to understand, given 
now reasonable amount of free cash flow we're going to be generating out of Assam and the 
gas block and operations from the oil block, if you could outline to us the future plans you have 
with regards to sort of optimizing with the production out of all of our assets given the current 
oil and gas prices and the environment right now? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
See, we have to come out of the working capital issues at the moment. That is our first priority. 
Once that is done, actually, the next priority is to bring down our loan in a manner that it is not 
strained at the daily moment, though it is about less than 9%. Then you look at now the Dirok, 
it will be a self-sustained unit because even if you wanted to ramp up to production of 55, that 
can be done with the existing wells, it is a small capital involved. Our major capital expenditure 
would move to PY-1, that will be our next priority. And parallelly, we will be moving some 
investments to the Western region. This is the way when we have a free cash flow that is our 
priority. First is the working capital, come out of it. Second, pay off some debt. And the third 
one, put some money on to the PY-1 re-development, we call it, and then to the Western 
region. This is our priority of expenditure. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, and the other question was do you see any risks with regards to the production from D1? 
Or is it just a question of the timing as opposed to effectively seeking any risk with the actual 
production outcome? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
One thing I would like to submit, we are all talking about subsurface. So, this will always entail 
with some risk. And we cannot say it is risk-free by any means. With a caveat towards having a 
good technical team and their understanding is good, and we are able to execute the project 
well, these are all already proven blocks and having the oil and gas established in that field, and 
we will be able to produce. That is our confidence level. But at the end of the day, the risk is 
there with all the blocks which are being operated because the production comes from the 
sub-surface. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last question is with regards to actually I mean, when do we expect the 
commercial production to start from, I mean, D2? 

 
Page 12 of 30 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes. As Elango already explained, now the line packing is going on. He is going to have a 
discussion with ONGC. Once that is sorted out, because it is a long line, that is after that. The 
moment we commercialize the sales, we will inform to you as a matter of our compliance. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But is that expected to be - is it a question of I mean 2, 3 weeks? Is it a question of 2, 3 months? 
How should we be looking at it? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It's not in months, but it should be in weeks. 
P. Elango: 
Right. It is question of weeks. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But is this an agreement, I mean, we need ONGC to sign off on? Or I mean just wanted to 
understand the reason for this and any risk associated with this. 
P. Elango: 
No. This agreement has been finalized. As far as the overall transport agreement, it has been 
finalized with ONGC. There are no issues around that. We just need to take their help in how 
we could expedite this packing and what can be done. That alone will need to be discussed. So, 
we don't see any issues, Riddhesh, on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohith Potti from Marshmallow Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohith Potti: 
Congratulations on beginning production from B-80. My first question, again, is on B-80 itself. 
So, you mentioned that it will take some time to ramp up the production to 10 mmscfd. And 
you also mentioned that the pipeline is a little old. So, is there any risk to the pipeline itself or 
it's already been tested and you don't see any risk to supplying of gas from B-80 to wherever 
the customer location is? 
P. Elango: 
No, we don't see any risk as far as the pipeline is concerned, this is a well-maintained pipeline 
of ONGC. What I really meant was ONGC had not charged this line with gas in the past because 
one of their field was not ready. Otherwise, it is a very, very well-maintained pipeline, there's 
absolutely no issue. What happens is, when you initially introduce the hydrocarbon in a line, 
you need to pack the line before it, please remember, from B-80 to Hazira, the distance is 
roughly 150-odd kilometers pipeline. It has got 2 sections. One is a section up to what we call 
WO platform of ONGC, which has not been charged with gas in the past. So, first time gas going 
into the line is from B-80. The other section of 100 kilometers is what is one of the largest 
pipeline network, which delivers gas to the HVJ pipeline of GAIL. So, there's absolutely no risk 
on that. It is just basically reaching an agreement with ONGC on how much of B-80 gas could 
be packed in the line and seeking their request to place some of their volume also here so that 
we can monetize quickly and we do expect ONGC to fully cooperate with us as they've always 
been during all these challenges that we faced. 

 
Page 13 of 30 
Rohith Potti: 
Sir, just a follow-up. So, you mentioned in your comments that it will take time to ramp up to 
10. So, is it because you want to test our systems properly to ensure that there is no loss of 
pressure like last time and then you'll ramp up. Is that the reason? 
P. Elango: 
Exactly. We just wanted to ensure the well is brought slowly online and testing each of the 
subcomponents as well as for ONGC to receive, it starts with a slower number and go up. We 
don't see any problem at all in the well's ability to deliver the 10 million cubic feet. It's just 
surface system needs to be taken at pace, safely. 
Rohith Potti: 
So, basically, what this means is, it will take a few weeks for commercialization with ONGC, I 
mean it will be in this quarter itself that we'll reach that 10 mmscfd. Is that the right way to 
think about it? 
P. Elango: 
Definitely. 
Rohith Potti: 
So, my last question is on Dirok. So, when Jeeva sir mentioned the priorities for HOEC, so this 
year, it looks like primarily, we're looking at managing the working capital and reducing debt. 
And then he talked about the Western and PY-1. So, what's happening with the Dirok, the 
alternate line, that pipeline that we're planning today? So, is that below PY-1 and Western 
region in terms of priority list? Or is it the next thing that we'll be looking at in this year or the 
next year? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
What I said was that, considering the reservoir performance, we have 6 wells in the field. The 
6 wells can itself with a little workover can meet the demand therein. So, even if you infuse the 
capital therein by drilling additional wells, you need to have a demand to supply for that, right? 
So, that is the reason when the existing wells can do it, these capital can be deferred till the 
demand is built up. So, that will take about a year or so, about 1 or 2 years, then drilling those 
wells will not take more than 3 to 4 months. So, we will be able to quickly ramp up the 
production if required. But the pipeline is a small venture, smart capital items, which is our 
share is only 27%. If other partners are willing that can go. That is not a very high capital 
intensive project there. 
Rohith Potti: 
So, just to confirm, so the existing wells, it has produced a peak of 42, but can it produce 50, 
55, or for that we need additional wells? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It’s a workover, our geologists are confirming that they will be able to go up to 50 comfortably. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas from Unique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Tejas: 
Sir, one general complaint what we have is, there is no confirmation of your lines in terms of 
any communication to the exchanges for the gas production or anything. Now you're saying on 
30th  the production started for the gas, the price after the result next day jacked up by 15%, 

 
Page 14 of 30 
18%, but market is not aware. You are declaring it today that on 30th the thing has started and 
the price is already jacked up. Even whenever we complain or whenever we mail to Josephin, 
there is no communication at all saying we cannot disclose, what is happening. There is 
absolutely no communication from your side coming. If you can throw some light on that. 
P. Elango: 
First of all, just to clarify, we achieved specification of gas and injected into ONGC pipeline on 
31st May, not on the 30th.30th we declared the results and 31st May only we could achieve the 
specification. Until then, it is about commissioning the system. There's no commercial 
production. In fact, we would have ideally liked to have commenced the commercial sales and 
made the announcement. But having this call, we thought we should disclose the current status 
as such. Now for us, the 2 things are important. One is to comply with all the requirements of 
disclosure as and when a major event occurs, which in our assessment, has a clarity and 
certainty. That is one. We have never diverted from that attention. Obviously, in calls like this, 
which we hold every quarter, we are able to explain in much more detail to every participant, 
please understand these are technical in nature and as long as I have a… 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you. can I request you to mute your line from your side, please. 
P. Elango: 
What I was saying, and this I mean it for every other audience and participants who may have 
this issue. So, what we thought was whenever we are certain about certain outcomes, then it 
is easier for us to communicate that. When we ourselves are not very certain, we just focus on 
the operational matters and ensure we complete an activity, we make the disclosure, and we 
will continue to do so. 
Tejas Shah: 
Agreed. But I request even at the time of Valorem Advisors, there was your 31st last day, the 
management backed out and there was a notification saying production will not start because 
of whatever delay and the price went down and the management did not come for any 
explanation at all. Not on anything. So, even at that time, the investor lost money. 
P. Elango: 
I respect your question, but you're not dealing with a management which will ever back out 
from anything. We are very determined to meet all the promises we made, we are doing our 
very best to achieve that. And on communication, I told you, whenever we have certain 
information, we will definitely make the announcement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from HNI. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Sir, I just have 2 questions. One is on Dirok field. So, what is the minimum production we'll like 
to continue given that there might be a possibility that if production falls below that level, 
maybe because of the demand level or something? Coming back again to the optimal 
production might be difficult due to the nature of the field. So, what would be the minimum 
production that you would like to continue at Dirok? That's the first question. Secondly, on B-
80, so is it the problem that B-80 faced as anything related to the fluctuation in the production 

 
Page 15 of 30 
from the wells itself? I mean the fluctuating pressure or fluctuating production in the well 
created this problem? Or is the problem related to the equipment itself or any other services 
related to the equipment? 
P. Elango: 
To clarify, there is absolutely no problem with the well, I'd say. In fact, we also tested the D1 
well for a very, very short period and brought the oil to the surface also. So, we don't see. And 
our technical team is able to monitor the pressure in the well even now remotely. So, there's 
no problem as far as the well flow or productivity of the well is concerned. And I'll try and 
explain. Each well, to open the well, it's kind of a remotely operated system. Please understand 
these wells are created at 80-meter water depth, and you have what we call the Christmas tree 
below the water. It is very similar to the deep-water developments that what you see. So, 
everything is operated remotely from the surface. To open the well, you need to pressurize 
what is called hydraulic actuator line through a hydraulic fluid. I emphasize it is a hydraulic fluid, 
which is water-based chemicals. When we pumped that into this tube, it was not holding. So, 
without that pressure being held, the valves will not open or will not be kept open. We were 
able to open, but we are not able to keep it open. Just to help you understand, it is like a 
window at a beach-facing house. You’ll have to keep a pressure on the window because the 
wind is coming from the other side. It's a similar analysis. So, we are able to open. We, in fact 
flowed the well even also for a very short period. But then the pressure losses, then well will 
close itself. This is the system. So, our attempt would be to just go and see whether this 
pressure loss could be identified under 80-meter water depth. This cannot be performed by 
normal divers. It requires what is called a saturation diver. Fortunately, ONGC has vessels and 
divers, and they've been very, very helpful among all their priorities to lend these vessels to do 
our operation. So, we are also consulting them. I hope I'm able to clarify a little bit, but this is 
what is the nature of the problem. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
And the second question on the Dirok, if you can answer, that would be helpful. 
P. Elango: 
Yes. In Dirok, what we've seen, as you've seen the number in this quarter, which is about 27 
million cubic feet per day. This quarter also, we saw some lower offtake. And April will be the 
first quarter at the new price level, price point. We saw a slightly lower offtake in April, but 
people are coming to realize this is the price in which we will get. So, we have seen recently, 
just in a week or so demand picking up. So, I would expect on average we should be able to 
definitely achieve about 25 million cubic feet, if not more. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Sorry but my question was not around what we can achieve. So, basically, generally, in some 
of the periods, there are issues that if the production falls below a particular level, then it 
becomes really challenging to bring it back to the old level. So, I just wanted to understand 
what is that level in Dirok? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
We have no issues of that kind as far as Dirok is concerned. We have the flexibility to take the 
production as you have mentioned to 42 million cubic feet per day without anything and this 

 
Page 16 of 30 
workover up to 50 million cubic per day. So, we are just positioning ourselves. As long as the 
demand is there, we are able to quickly ramp up or ramp down the production and the 
reservoir is good quality reservoir, we see no problem at all.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaisal Shah from Laser Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jaisal Shah: 
What is the Indian value for gas from D2 which will be there for 10 million cubic feet, what you 
are saying? And expected profits out of that? 
P. Elango: 
Can you repeat the question? 
Jaisal Shah: 
From the D2 well, the expected sales is 10 cubic feet or 10 mmbtu. What will be the Indian 
revenue that we are targeting out of which? And what will be the profits coming out of that? 
Because you said some 100 is the cost and 20 is what you will need to share it with the 
Government as royalty or whatever. But what is the value on that? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Actually, if we get the full flow of the 10 million cubic feet and price was fixed in terms of the 
Brent equivalent at 22% of the Brent. But till the time we reach that 10 million, even if you take 
the lower price around say $15 per mmbtu, we would be able to make a revenue which will be 
in the order of say Rs. 250 crore to somewhere around Rs. 225 crore. That should be the 
revenue base. Out of that, 25% goes to the Government of India. So, the balance meets an 
operating cost. We will still end with a profit of about Rs. 75 crore to Rs. 80 crore. 
Jaisal Shah: 
Around Rs. 75 crore to Rs. 80 crore, that is per annum you are saying, correct? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
That's right, by annualizing to this year. 
Jaisal Shah: 
And if you can clarify on the royalty part, for the D1 you said, if the oil is around $90 or odd, 
33%, 34% will go toward some extra royalty and total royalty will be 45% and plus your 
expenses in the tune of $15 to $20 or how exactly? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
No. If I may clarify that. It's a revenue sharing model. In the revenue sharing model, it is 
whatever the revenue we earned that has to be shared with the Government at the agreed 
predetermined rate. What the rate we accept, there is LRR and HRR which is varying from 12% 
to 55%. So, in the context, at $90 oil price, if I make say 400-500 barrels of oil and say about 10 
million cubic feet of gas, I have to share with the Government 1/3rd of the revenue as a revenue 
share. On the top of it, whatever the value I'm realizing there on to it, 10% would be called as 
a royalty, which is ad valorem, it is not fixed, okay. So, the revenue share to the Government 
would be about 42%, 43% on the revenue. The balance is further operating cost and the rest 
goes to the company for sharing. 
Jaisal Shah: 
And the operating cost is what, $15 or $20 for the oil? 

 
Page 17 of 30 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Operating cost for the field, we are expecting, which is our captive 2 subsidiaries are holding 
the major assets, which is - one is the MOPU, another one is our Floating Storage Offshore and 
the Single Point Mooring. It is owned by us. So, these companies will take a revenue, which 
should be in the order of say $95,000 per day. And putting together the helicopter and supply 
vessels and all, we should be in the range of around $125,000 a day. Out of that, resource 
generated and which comes to the group is about $95,000. The balance goes to third parties. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Congratulations for the commencement on B-80. With the commencement, we must be aware 
of the dynamic data and we must be more informed of quality of reserve as well as field life. 
So, what is our stance on that? 
P. Elango: 
As I said, we are able to flow the well since 31st May now, 2-3 days. And the pressures are as 
per the earlier testing results as far as D2 is concerned. D1, we have flown it for a very, very 
short period just to test the system. As I said, the important aspect our technical team look at 
is what is the pressure being held by the well, and that is as per the expectation. So, we remain 
confident that we'll meet the tested number, which oil is about 4,500 to 5,000 barrels per day 
and gas about 12 million cubic feet per day. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Sir, any sense on that field life in terms of number of years, any better sense on the field life 
data? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I think there are 3 things that we will be able to do the material balance again after putting up 
production for a year or so. So, our current estimate goes, there are 2, 3 values out there, P-
90, P-50 and P-10. And if you look at that P-10 case, we will be going to the entire contract 
value that is for 20 years. And P-50, we should be able to produce from at least 10 to 12 years. 
And in our all probability, the minimum duration of 7 years will be completing in the P-90 case. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
But now we have got a lot of low-hanging fruits in terms of existing results we have got for like 
Kharsang, as well as PY-1. So, from a balance sheet point of view, when do you see you'll be 
able to open a new field and you'll be able to -- do you see this happening in FY23 only, that 
you guys can ramp up? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I told you already that we have to come out of our working capital issues and some repayment 
of the loans, and we wanted to leave up to the minimal level. And after that, we'll embark on 
the development. Our first priority of development is PY-1, which already has some capital of 
$383 million sitting there, which we wanted to bring back to some value on these assets. And 
then subsequently, we'll embark one by one. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
So, how long you think with the cash flows of D2 at least, when do you see this investment in 
this starting? 

 
Page 18 of 30 
R. Jeevanandam: 
So, it is all projection subject to the caveat of B-80 concerns team, and we have the revenue 
generated thereon. Our PY-1 initial planning process has been completed. Our geologists have 
come out with the location. Our drilling manager is making a drilling plan there on. To execute 
there, it needs actual drilling and completion of about 3 months. And however, subject to the 
availability of the rig at the right price. So, any vessels moved into the West Coast, we'll keep 
an eye on it and if we have the capital at that point in time, we will be trying to start 
commencement, drilling thereon. So, we wanted to do the work at cost as such, and we don't 
want to do at any cost as such, any development in future. So, we wanted to be careful in 
future on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Congrats on getting B-80 on board. Sir, firstly, regarding the rectification plan and if that fails 
the subsequent plan that you have outlined, which was post the weather window, what would 
be the amount of money you would need to spend on both these plans? And the reason I ask 
is, you mentioned about the working capital issue and the liquidity issue and all. And recently 
you also pledge as well, so in that context I wanted to understand how much money do we 
need to spend on these plants to get the D1 wells onboard, in both the cases? 
P. Elango: 
These operations essentially involve hiring the vessel from ONGC, which has a full complement 
of equipment and diving team, and we put our own team to supervise the job. So, overall, the 
estimate is about $400,000 for this operation, which we've made arrangements. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
But this is a rectification for the overall thing that you said, in case the rectification fails, the 
post-monsoon activity, if you have to overpay, what would that cost? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. Now this is for the rectification that we are talking during the monsoon period. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. And if it is post that, how much would that cost? 
P. Elango: 
If you have to do the full -- 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Basically, this is a subsea system. And the system works, there should not be any problem. And 
even if its post monsoon, it should be work, which we wanted to do overall with the whole 
system coming back and doing it, it's just about it should not cost you more than Rs. 10 crore 
to Rs. 12 crore, at least. It's about $1 million to $1.5 million, the max exposure. But I don't think 
if there are -- if it is holding as such, then we don't need to spend so much of money on that. 
But anyhow, that's overall capital we incurred, which is in the order of $125 million. This is less 
than 1% of the work, which we have to carry it out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Patel from Airavat Capital. 

 
Page 19 of 30 
Manan Patel: 
Congratulations for pre-commissioning of B-80. Sir, $95,000 per day comes to the group and 
$125,000 total operating cost, so that comes to around Rs. 340 crore. So, does that start as 
soon as the production is started or like it is linked to the commissioning of D1, D2 and other 
wells? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
See, normally, it is under commercial sale. That is a relevant date for us. See, whatever the time 
which we spend, we may produce some oil, we produce some gas. Till the commercialization 
take place, the date of commercial production is considered to be the date for the 
commencement of revenue to us, which can be either oil or gas, whatever it is. 
Manan Patel: 
So, the cost is also related to that. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes, that's right. Because for this operating cost related to that because without these facilities, 
neither the gas nor oil can be evacuated. So, operating start, there it starts on the date of 
commercial sale of this plant. 
Manan Patel: 
And sir, second question is, today, article related to DSF 3 came, but HOEC was not mentioned 
in that article. So, are you not participating in DSF 3 at all? 
P. Elango: 
Yes, we have not participated in DSF 3. We thought we would focus our attention on B-80, 
bring it on full stream and then look at opportunities within our portfolio, where, as you said, 
there are several low-hanging fruits within our portfolio. We would focus on them, invest and 
then look at other opportunities in future only. We didn't want our attention to be diverted in 
anything other than B-80. 
Manan Patel: 
And sir, lastly, can you just throw some light on why was the pledge and was it personal 
reasons? Or was it for the company itself? 
P. Elango: 
Not for personal reasons. I lead a simple life, so I don't need that much money. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Congratulations on getting B-80 started. Sir, most of the questions have been answered. Just a 
few clarifications and follow-ups. So, first was, sir, that assuming that D2 gets commercialized, 
which you said should happen in a few weeks, what is the kind of revenue that you mentioned 
that you can sort of do in this year, which will accrue to HOEC? I missed that number, sir. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I think subject to the caveat on D1 comes to production. We will start with the production of 
2,000 barrels and ramp up to 4,000 barrels, and it can further be ramped up also. It will be a 
slow process. We will be keeping the system tuned towards to receive the oil to its capacity of 
the well. The test production of this well is more than 5,000 barrels. But we will be reaching to 
a number the plant can handle in a comfortable manner as such. So, till that time, it will be 
realizing on average production of, say, 4,000 barrel a day. So, you can multiply the 4,000 barrel 

 
Page 20 of 30 
into the price. Price, I cannot determine as such. Today, it's holding $120 and tomorrow, it may 
go to $90. And if an average price, you can take it at $100, it is $40 million. It can make Rs. 300 
crore actually. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, all this math that you mentioned is only considering D2, right? It's not considering D1. Is 
that understanding correct? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
D2 is in a production mode at the moment. D1 is an oil well, and that we have to put it on 
production. The repair is being carried out. And once it is successful, and we would be able to 
ramp up the production from starting with somewhere around 2,000 barrels, and it is having a 
capacity to produce more than 5,000 barrel as seen from the test results. And we have to tune 
the plant in such a manner, it is comfortably able to receive and process the oil to that extent. 
Then accordingly, we will increase the choke size of the well. So, on an average, if you assume 
a production of 4,000 barrels, we will be making revenue depending on the price prevailing 
after 2 months of production because minimum uptake size is about 200,000 barrels. So, once 
we reach the size of 200,000 barrels, then we will be able to sell that oil. So, it takes a lead time 
of about 2 to 3 months. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Actually, sir, my question was from the point of view that, let's say, D1 well takes some more 
time, then I mean, what kind of -- I mean what kind of cash flows that can we get? That was 
the question. So, basically, you are saying that even if D1 takes time, D2 can give us this kind of 
revenue and cash flows. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I'll tell you, this is a caveat on 3 things, on production sustenance, demand sustenance, price 
sustenance. And with all these things are happening, we would be able to have a cash in hand 
which is in the order of around Rs. 400 crore to meet the working capital demand, meet the 
repayment of some of the debts and as well as for embarking on the new capital thereon. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, sir, I mean, my question was, I mean in an unfortunate scenario or in a scenario which is 
not expected right now, but D1 takes a lot of time, will the cash flows from D2 alleviate the 
working capital issues that we may have? Will those be solved? I mean that's what I'm trying 
to understand. So, assuming, obviously, the price holds and the demand holds.  
R. Jeevanandam: 
I think we should be able to have no working capital problem after the commercialization of 
D2 assets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthik Sharma from NVS Brokerage. 
Karthik Sharma: 
I just have 1 question in 2 parts. How do you see the volatility in the oil market? And what 
would be the realization for that in the company? And do you see the fuel prices to remain 
firm? And the second part is what would be your take on the volatility on the prices? 

 
Page 21 of 30 
P. Elango: 
So, we are seeing whenever there is a higher prices, particularly the gas price at a higher level 
has a tendency to distract the demand, destroy the demand as such. That is what I understand 
is certainly, the Indian consumers are very sensitive to the price. And at the current price level, 
there is a reduction in demand across as far as gas is concerned. Oil daily (inaudible) (1:28:59) 
if you try to predict what really happened there -- 
Karthik Sharma: 
Sir, I'm sorry, I couldn't hear the last part. I don't know there was some disturbance from your 
end, I believe. 
P. Elango: 
I was saying that Indian consumers, particularly I was talking about the gas are very sensitive 
to the gas price, and there is a reduction in demand at higher gas price points as such. So, that 
is across India. That's the numbers are, demand numbers are reducing at a higher price point 
as such. As far as the oil is concerned, your guess is as good as my guess, the scenario what we 
see and read is the price is going to be at 3-digit level, but things could change dramatically. So, 
we -- on oil price, as you are saying, we always are looking at around $75, $80 in all our 
calculations, probably $80. Anything else? 
Karthik Sharma: 
Thank you. No, that’s it. the rest of my questions were answered in the questions asked by 
other participants. So, that will be all from my end. Good luck for your B-80 production in the 
future.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Varuna Investments and Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankaj: 
I just wanted a little knowledge. On Dirok, you say, your production is 27.7 mmscfd, that is 
equivalent to 572 boepd. And as far as B-80 is concerned, you say it's going to be 10 million. 
So, what would be your boepd equivalent on that deal? 
P. Elango: 
Now first of all, in Dirok, that is the number reported is 27 million cubic feet of gas per day as 
well as 500-odd barrels of condensate. That is not a converted number. It is straightaway liquid 
numbers only. The 10 million cubic feet of gas will be equivalent about... 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Somewhere around 1,650 barrels of oil. 
P. Elango: 
1,650. But it is in volume conversion only. So, don't apply any price to that. 
Pankaj: 
So, your business is so complicated, I mean you've got profit sharing and profit petroleum, and 
so layman like us really don't understand too much. I mean, thank you for being patient on 
your con call. But at the end, I don't think any of us really takes anything much home. So, what 
we want is, how is it going to impact my share price. So, that's the key figure that we wanted 
to always find out. And what we find that coincidentally, all your trigger points the company's 
last 2 quarters has been on the last day. So, that leaves a little bad taste in the mouth about 

 
Page 22 of 30 
the reporting part. I mean nobody is putting any blame on anybody, but I would believe that 
look at the sensitivity of the information that is there and it's not a question, it's just a 
commentary that I'm making that an earlier speaker mentioned it. So, it leaves a bad taste in 
the mouth when you come out with the results on the 31st or 30th and then you wait 1 day or 
2 days to share it with the investors through a presentation like this. So, not everybody looks 
to come to presentations. They look at more the basic information that comes out with the 
results. So, on the day of results, I'm sure you could have probably put out a little caveat on 
how things are. So, then probably it would have not pinched us so much. So, that's the only 
thing. 
P. Elango: 
No, I appreciate your comments. I just want to say one thing is, as a shareholder, you would 
obviously be looking at the share prices. All I can tell you is as professionals, both me and Jeeva, 
really never look at the share prices. We just focus on the jobs that we have in hand and do our 
very best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vignesh from Sequel Investments. 
Vignesh: 
Most of my questions have been answered, but just 1 or 2 clarifications, if you could give me 
on one of the gentlemen who asked you about the possible revenue or the free cash flow. Is 
the Rs. 300 crore revenue that you quoted subject to $100 pricing and the current demand 
sustenance? Is it only from D2 well or is it including D1 oil? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
It's the total as such. What I told is the total number as such. 
Vignesh: 
So, it's only from D2? Or it's entirely from B-80, all in total. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
From the D2 alone, it means the D1 also comes to play. 
Vignesh: 
And similar things on the free cash flow, right, of Rs. 400 crore. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes. That's right. You are right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharmendra Vohra from Vohra Family Office. 
Dharmendra Vohra: 
My question was regarding the analogy you have given of a television and a remote for a 
layman. Just wanted to understand, suppose current resolution with the ONGC team doesn't 
work out during this monsoon period, so what is the next course of action when the winter 
window permits? And what is the timeline probably? And what is the cost timeline regarding 
the commissioning of the D1? That is the first question. 
P. Elango: 
Yes. I think if this doesn't work out, as Jeeva was mentioning that, this is not a major equipment. 
This is an umbilical system, where we know for 70% of the system is working absolutely fine. 
There is a component, which can be lifted to the deck of a vessel, which can be performed 

 
Page 23 of 30 
during monsoon period and replaced or reconnected with the presence of experts as such. 
That's what needs to be done. And that cost we have estimated to be in the order of $1.5 
million, and that can be performed immediately after monsoon, which is sometime in October, 
November period if our other attempts do not succeed. We have every hope that our solution 
will succeed. And these attempts cost us about $400,000 to mobilize and which we will be 
doing. 
Dharmendra Vohra: 
And what are the risks involved? Suppose this first attempt fails during the monsoon, what are 
the risks involved? Are there any other unspecified risks, which might crop up at that point of 
time apart from the cost involved? Are there any different possibilities of entire thing not 
working in our favor? 
P. Elango: 
No, we've seen it work. We have seen both the wells produce. We have seen both the well 
come to the MOPU very clearly. Therefore, we don't see any other problem as long as we're 
able to fix. If we're not able to fix the problem in D1 well, we will not be producing from that. 
There's no other risk, and we'll continue to produce from D2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipen from DS Investments. 
Dipen: 
Yes. It is just a reiteration of what you said earlier. Now, the B-80 total has a capacity of about 
7,500 to 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent. Currently, we are producing about 20%, 22% of that, 
which is about 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent. So, this, we will be commercializing probably by 
the end of June, and we will start receiving revenues from the end of June. And the balance 
80% of the production, we hope to start in the next maybe 2 or 3 weeks once when this issue 
gets solved, and if not, maximum by October, November. Is this the right understanding? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. That's a correct understanding. I just want to clarify the capacity part that you mentioned 
that we expect both the wells together produce about 7,500 to 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent. 
The capacity that we have built is with future in mind, that individually, we have the capacity 
to process 10,000 barrels of oil and 15 million cubic feet of gas. These capacity has been built 
on the top side so that in future when we drill new wells or find the wells to be producing more, 
we are not constrained by the top side capacity. So, your 22% analogy may not be correcting, 
but your 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent vis-a-vis 7,500 barrels of oil equivalent is the correct 
reference. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of C.S. Chaudhry from CSF Financial Services. Please go 
ahead.  
C.S. Chaudhry: 
Actually, this question was (inaudible) (1:39:47) 

 
Page 24 of 30 
Moderator: 
Mr. Chaudhry, sorry to interrupt you, but your voice is breaking very terribly. Sir, may I request 
you to rejoin the queue. Next question is from the line of Sai Das, individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Sai Das: 
My question is regarding the D2 well. So, on a standalone basis, you mentioned that D2 well at 
$15 per mmbtu will generate revenue of RS. 225 crore, and 25% of this will go to the 
Government. So, is this 25% a fixed number more or less or will it increase? And that's my first 
question. And the second question is, using these estimates you said that the profits would be 
around Rs. 75 crore annualized. So, this Rs. 75 crore involves the money that you received from 
that MOPU and FSO units into your group? Or does it exclude that? That's all. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Now I'll give you a simple analysis of how the Government share works. Whatever the revenue 
is generated, the Government is having a stake. If I generate $1 million per day, then I have to 
share with the government $55. So, in that model, if you look at that if I generate about, say, 
$250,000, I expect it should not be more than 1/4th of the money therein. So, it's starting with 
about $12. It's $12, $12.5, it goes up to $20. I've taken the maximum upper limit of 20%, 21% 
because it will produce some oil there onto also. So, with that, we have considered 25% goes 
to the Government thereon, right? So, now your next question goes about operating costs. The 
operating cost is standalone. That goes from -- which is like any third-party contractor, this B-
80 field has to pay for HOEC subsidiaries. That is about $97,000 a day, they have to pay for it. 
Okay. Now whatever the revenue generated out of the D2 well sales, first charge goes to these 
operating expenses. After meeting the operating expenses, after meeting the Government 
revenue, the balance will come. That I estimated in the year-end annual to be about Rs. 70 
crore cash net, okay? 
Moderator: 
Sir, the line from the participant dropped. We’ll move to the next question. Next question is 
from the line of Abhishek Jain, individual investor. We will move to next participant. The next 
question is from the line of Natwar Gupta, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Natwar Gupta: 
I'm going to ask a question relating to Dirok. Now, Mr. Elango mentioned that the customers 
are price sensitive and the price being $6 around. And given how the global gas prices are, I 
anticipate that when the next revision come, they are going to be even higher. So, in some 
ways, we are saying that the volumes might be constrained because the prices are high and the 
customer is sensitive to pricing. Now with that backdrop, you mentioned that you're doing the 
pipeline to Duliajan. Once you do that, do the customer mix change? Or is it the same 
customers? Does it give you access to more customers once you have done that pipeline? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. Once we do the pipeline, obviously, it allows us to access few more customers. But 
individually, they may not be large customers. Mostly all the large customers are already 
connected through the Oil India pipeline. So, that's not a complete…. But what it does is, it kind 
of helps in meeting certain sectors are not really sensitive to the price. For example, any 
refineries, I mean, your gas is competing with fuel oil, which is substituting the fuel oil, 

 
Page 25 of 30 
therefore, if you're accessing the refinery directly, they are not very sensitive to the prices, one. 
Power sector, the Government has pushed them to continue the production, whether they 
make money or not. So, we had also seen power sector dry. It's difficult to really see with the 
next price increase, how some of these customers' behavior would be. But having said that, we 
see the pipeline as more of a strategic investment, which allows you to directly reach the 
market and reduce your dependency on Oil India at one level. And the other level is to kind of 
de-risk the Dirok. From the point of view of today, if there is any kind of failure in that Oil India’s 
pipeline, then we will not be able to supply it to anyone. But having our own pipeline gives that 
chance. 
Natwar Gupta: 
So, when do you expect the pipeline to be up and running? And second, in terms of demand 
change in that area, what I could then figure out is that only when Numaligarh Refinery the 
capacity increases, there are doing a Capex there, then sort of the demand/supply balance 
changes. Would that be correct? And if that is true, then when do you expect that expansion 
plan to conclude? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. The first thing is a huge North-east gas grid is being built by the Government. Based on the 
demand that has been assessed in the entire North-east region with a lot of unserved areas as 
such. Government has actually given a project. It's a subsidized project by Government to 
create that infrastructure, being implemented by GAIL. That work is going on stream. One 
interesting part of that network is that has the ability to flow the gas out of Assam also and 
connect it with the rest of India. So, it's like what you saw when the entire power grid in India 
got connected with multiple regions, you see the demand being managed much more 
efficiently across the region. So, we do expect that to happen, but that's more like FY '25, FY 
'26 scenario. But all I know is both the Numaligarh expansion project as well as the North-east 
gas grid project has been given highest priorities by the Government. There are no local issues. 
All the approvals have been given to them on priority and the execution is going on in full swing. 
Natwar Gupta: 
Now can I move to PY-1, where you have done a settlement on royalties. So, now what does 
that change compared to the earlier numbers of royalty? 
P. Elango: 
See, basically, earlier as per the statute, the royalty has to be paid at 10% of what is designated 
as wellhead value, which means whatever is the sales price you realize, you deduct the 
transportation and treatment cost for the gas from the wellhead to the delivery point, which 
is onshore. In our case, the wellhead is offshore, the delivery point is onshore. So, under the 
statute, we are allowed to do because the royalty is always levied on wellhead. Now after the 
entry of multiple private sector players, the Government through various audit found that this 
is creating a lot of problem for them. So, they wanted to fix that sales price is a pricing point, 
you pay 10% of the sales price, which is not really in accordance with the mining license 
conditions or rules. So, we felt we are very strong statutory, legally in our calculation. And from 
a precedence point of view, since independence or since commencement of gas production in 
this country, we know that royalty has always been paid by both Oil India and ONGC up to 10% 

 
Page 26 of 30 
of the wellhead value only. And both Jeeva and me worked in ONGC for more than 10, 12 years, 
we know exactly how this is done. But the way we reach the settlement is basically the 
Government took a view, look, I'm facing a lot of problems with multiple players, all of you will 
pay some 10% of sales price as royalty. So, in the DRC, we have made some kind of a settlement 
proposal, which I'm not allowed to disclose as such. But to answer your question, going 
forward, it doesn't change it any way other than we will pay 10% of the sales price as royalty. 
And that we have already started doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan Phalke from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Phalke: 
Sir, this is regarding our exchange release dated 24th of February 2020, in which we had 
published our test results for D2 wells. So, at various choke sizes and pressure flows, the 
production can vary anywhere between 15 to 23 mmscfd as per the press release or the 
exchange release. While our sale size with GSPC is only, let's say, 10 mmscfd, and we have been 
talking about 10 mmscfd production and sales. So, just wanted to understand when our 
minimum production capacity as per the test result was 15 mmscfd, is there any change or any 
revision in our production plans for this D2 well? 
P. Elango: 
No. Based on test results or even before the test results, we have indicated the gas production 
to be 15 million cubic feet. And we always have our own internal consumption, all the systems 
in the top side is run through gas. So, there is an internal consumption, which we estimated 
anywhere between 2 million to 3 million cubic feet. So, we were comfortable with 12 million 
cubic feet as a sales number. And when it comes to commitment, where there is a take or pay 
as well as supply or pay, the model is there from after first year onwards. We thought it is 
prudent to commit 10 million cubic feet. I want to emphasize that we have always had the 
option to offer the gas that exchanges also any excess gas that we produce, we can always sell 
it to any other customers also. So, all the flexibility we have built in, but we just want to proceed 
on a conservative basis. 
Chetan Phalke: 
So, is it fair to assume that once things stabilize, there is a chance that our tie-up can be higher 
than 10 mmscfd? 
P. Elango: 
Yes. Very much. 
Chetan Phalke: 
Any ballpark number how high we can go whenever things normalize, not asking for immediate 
guidance, let's say, after a year or so? 
P. Elango: 
No. I said we have a limitation in terms of process capacity of 15 million cubic feet. We have 
the internal requirement of about 2 million cubic feet. So, it can vary anywhere between 10 to 
12, 13. 

 
Page 27 of 30 
Chetan Phalke: 
So, the process capacity has to be taken up just in case the production capacity goes to more 
than 15. 
P. Elango: 
See overall, the gas or oil production is really determined by our reservoir management team, 
which looks at the long-term how do you maximize your recovery over a longer period as such. 
What is the maximum you can recover or optimum. So, they decide what is the optimum rate 
of production based on pressure data and other database, and we follow that only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rikesh Parikh from Barclays. Rikesh Parikh, may I request 
you to unmute your line from your side and go ahead with the question please. Due to no 
response, we'll move to the next participant. Next question is from the line of Tejas from 
Unique Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
If you can share on the expenses and the other interest, what is being charged? And again, the 
vessel cost also being charged on the consolidated, if you can throw some light on that. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Our cost of capital is less than the debt capital, is about less than 9%. And your next question, 
we are getting our interest rate by gross currently it is less than 9% for all of our borrowings. 
So, what is your question? 
Tejas Shah: 
There is a cost in other charges, you’ve mentioned interest cost. On the consolidated balance 
sheet also other vessel charges is also Rs. 2.35 crore. 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes, right. As I told you in that as such the vessel, whatever the Floating Storage Offshore and 
the Single Point Mooring system commissioned on 26th of December. So, it is in an operating 
mode. All the cost is related to the operating expenses. The system is fully commissioned. The 
revenue earning is linked to the B-80 production, that's why the cost is in the balance sheet, 
which is in the order of around that the company has suffered a loss of Rs. 11 crore for this 3.5 
months, including the depreciation, which is in the order of about Rs. 7 crore. 
Tejas Shah: 
And normally, you charge depreciation, depletion and there are some other also. So, will that 
be charged on full and what will be the effect after the B-80 starts? Means let us say when the 
B-80 starts, then the depreciation, depletion cost will come to what? And whether it is 10% of 
the turnover. Even on the royalty side, if we see, around 20% is the royalty on the top line of 
today what we are paying right now? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
I can tell you what is happening as such in case of B-80, the royalty is 10% in either case, 
whether it is an oil or gas. But in case of gas from Dirok, which is our major revenue generator, 
royalty is 10% of the gas. But whatever the condensate we produce, we have to pay 20% 
royalty, and then we have to pay 20% sales after adjusting the royalty. In effect, it comes to 
around 38% after revenue earned through oil in other blocks, okay? So, that is a major thing. If 
you average it out, probably you may be looking at a number of, say, 20. 

 
Page 28 of 30 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Just wanted a follow-up regarding our existing portfolio development -- 
Moderator: 
Nirbhay, sorry to stop you. Your voice is breaking. May I request you to come into a better 
reception area. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
I just wanted to follow up regarding our existing portfolio development. Are we open -- 
Moderator: 
Nirbhay, sorry to interrupt you, once again. Can I request you to come back in the question 
queue, please? The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
The first question is on Dirok. So, the reduction in volumes in Dirok that we have seen, how 
much effect is due to the higher APM price post April? And how much is due to the 
maintenance shut down in the BCPL refinery? 
P. Elango: 
The number that you've seen now are for the last quarter. In the last quarter, there was no 
price increase. That is January-March quarter, that is mainly due to shut down and seasonal 
lower demand by the customer. The new price of $6 plus is effective 1st April. So, in April, we 
saw a bit of a price shock within the customers to minimize thereof. But in May, about a week 
back, we started again seeing picking up of demand. So, I think by the end of this quarter, we'll 
get a more clear picture on how much is the impact of price increase. But overall, we find 
mostly any shutdown in any of the major customer impacts us. I think this quarter, we'll get a 
better sense. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
And the second question, sir, as a clarification, so the Rs. 75 crore to Rs. 80 crore number that 
we mentioned that we would get from operating the purely the gas well, is that right? So, is 
this the consol number at consolidated cash flow or only at the standalone because consol it 
also includes whatever you get at consol level? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Yes. Consol level, we'll be getting a better number as such because then the 2 vessels revenue 
generation would also be there. So, we will be expecting some oil production from the D2 well 
also. With all put together, I'll be touching a number of over Rs. 100 crore. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
But is this is only your share, right, not to a partner? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
Our share. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chitresh Ranawat, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Chitresh Ranawat: 
Congratulations on the B-80 bill. So, I just wanted to know like by when we can expect the D1 
to be commissioned like any gross date we have available. 

 
Page 29 of 30 
P. Elango: 
I wish I can give you a specific date on that. I think we’ve explained that we will be making one 
more attempt. We just hope and pray it ends up successfully. 
Chitresh Ranawat: 
And the other wells part in the presentation is missing in this particular presentation, like 
updates on other wells. So, that was included in the presentation earlier. So, any reason for 
excluding them? 
P. Elango: 
You mean the other blocks? 
Chitresh Ranawat: 
Yes, other blocks. 
P. Elango: 
Yes. No, we will be uploading the investor presentation. In the evening what we have done is 
the earnings presentation, highlighting the quarter results on each of the block. But we will 
have a comprehensive update on all other blocks also. 
Chitresh Ranawat: 
Okay. So, as per earlier talks from the management like we are expecting to reach around 
14,000 equivalent of barrels oil equivalent per day in the next 2 to 3 years. Are we on track for 
that? 
P. Elango: 
Yes, I think really the current year focus is on getting B-80 on full stream and also investing. 
After that, as Jeeva emphasized, we will focus on adjusting some of the working capital issues, 
bringing down the debt level as well as doing the investment in the existing portfolio of Dirok, 
PY-1 and Western areas as such. Our value of our portfolio remains, but investment only will 
unlock the full value. That will be determined purely by when we are able to get the full 
production from B-80. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushil, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rushil: 
Congratulations on commencement of the production. My question is we have some carry 
forwarded losses. So, just wanted to understand if you can throw some light on the amount of 
losses we have in terms of carry forwarded and the set of duration we have or the time we 
have to set off in terms of number of years? 
R. Jeevanandam: 
So, carry forward loss as on 31st March would be about Rs. 841 crore. The majority of them are 
the depreciation, which is no time limit under the law. So, we should be comfortable as such 
till we reach a number of Rs. 841 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal for closing 
comments. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us. I would request if management has any closing comments. 
Over to you, Elango. 

 
Page 30 of 30 
P. Elango: 
Yes. Thanks, Anuj, and thank you, everyone, for participating in large numbers. Overall, 
considering the huge investment that HOEC Group has made in B-80 and critical tasks that are 
yet to be accomplished, we wish to remain focused on B-80. Post full production from B-80, we 
will take up investments in our existing portfolio to grow the production in this attractive price 
environment. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
