 
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 502-503, SAKAR III, OPP. OLD HIGH COURT, OFF ASHRAM ROAD, AHMEDABAD-380014, GUJARAT, INDIA 
PH.: +91-79-40507000, 27541989   E-mail: finance@armanindia.com CIN: L55910GJ1992PLC018623 
 
Date: June 9, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code:  531179 
ISIN: INE109C01017 
Symbol: ARMANFIN 
Series: EQ  
 
Dear Sir,  
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTOR CALL HELD ON JUNE 2, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and with reference to our letter dated May 30, 2022 intimating you about the conference 
call with Analysts/Investors held on June 2, 2022, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company: 
www.armanindia.com  
 
Kindly take it on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jaimish Patel 
Company Secretary  
 
 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Arman Financial Services Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Results Conference Call” 
 
June 02, 2022 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MANJITH NAIR – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. AALOK PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK MODI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q4 FY2022 Results Conference Call of Arman 
Financial Services hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. We have with us today Mr. 
Jayendra Patel, Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Aalok Patel, Joint Managing 
Director and Mr. Vivek Modi, Group Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
at the end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Manjith 
Nair from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you and over to you Mr. Manjith. 
Manjith Nair: 
This is Manjith here. Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management team 
of Arman Financial and thank them for this opportunity. I shall now hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Aalok Patel: 
Thank you Manjith and good evening to everybody. This is Aalok Patel here and as always 
it is a pleasure to connect with all of you again and thanks for taking the time out of your very 
busy schedule to join us over this call and to discuss our financial performance for the quarter 
and the year ended March 2022. We have issued a detailed press release and investor 
presentation for the quarter, and I hope you had a chance to review it. The presentation was 
uploaded with a minor delay today morning so my sincerest apologies for the delay. 
 
I will start with the brief overview of the industry and the business during the last quarter and 
last year and then we will move into our financial performance. The year gone by had its fair 
share of challenges starting with the second wave of COVID-19 with the delta variant during 
the Q1 and then the third wave with the Omicron variant in the Q3 and the Q4. However, 
with several COVID waves and lockdowns in the past few years, we have managed the third 
wave with very minimal disruptions. The second wave however proved to be highly 
disruptive as I am sure all of you are aware. But that said, the situation is a lot different today. 
For now, it seems that COVID is behind us, and things are back to normal. With the 
normalization of the macro environment, the demand for credit is also back to normal 
however if another wave is hiding around the corner, we feel a lot more confident in our 
ability to deal with it. In fact, the disbursements made post the initial lockdowns have a 
repayment rate of 98% despite facing the second wave and the third wave. With the new RBI 
regulatory framework for microfinance loans, the NBFC and MFIs will have a level playing 
field with other microfinance players and also allows to price in risk for different 
microfinance loans. Although the new regulation is targeted more towards bridging different 
categories of lenders that is banks, NBFCs, asset based etc., under one regulatory umbrella, 
it seems that the NBFC and MFIs stand to gain the most from the new regulations. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
I will now give a brief overview of our financial performance for the Q4 and the year ended 
March 2022 and post that touch upon liquidity, disbursements and collections in more detail. 
Coming to the brief overview of our financial performance for the quarter, it gives me 
immense pleasure to inform you all that despite the challenges, our consolidated loan book 
as on March 31 2022, stood at a record high of Rs.1,233 Crores lead by expansion in branch 
network which helped cater into new customers in geographies along with pent up demand 
from exiting geographies. Our active customer base this year has crossed pre COVID levels 
at over 4.6 lakh. Segmental AUM for microfinance stood at Rs.1,022 Crores higher by 59% 
year over year. AUM for MSME stood at Rs.165 Crores higher by 32%. For the two-wheeler 
segment our AUM stood at Rs.46 Crores. Consolidated loan disbursements during Q4 and 
FY2022 stood at Rs.337 Crores and Rs.1,023 Crores respectively up by 23% and 101% year 
over year. The total MSME and two-wheeler disbursements in Q4 and FY2022 were Rs.58 
Crores and Rs.183 Crores respectively higher by 7% and 39% year over year. While 
microfinance disbursements stood at Rs.279 Crores for Q4 and Rs.840 Crores for FY2022 
higher by 22% and 101% year over year respectively. This encouraging performance was as 
a result of our consistent endeavor to remain in close touch with our customers and provide 
them with timely delivery of credit. I would like to highlight here that while we grew our 
disbursements in AUM our core focus will always remain and always lie on maintaining the 
quality of our assets and/or enhancing profitability. Gross total income during Q4 and 
FY2022 stood at Rs.76 Crores and Rs.235 Crores respectively up by 68% and 20% year over 
year. Profit after tax stood at Rs.16 Crores and Rs.32 Crores for Q4 and FY2022 respectively. 
FY2022 PAT grew by 3x year over year aided by growth in disbursements and especially 
lower provisioning requirements due to better asset quality of the loans disbursed post 
COVID-19. These are loans disbursed post August 2020. The annualized ROE for the Q4 has 
crossed 30%. Consolidated GNPA stood at 4.1% and NPA stood at 0.7% for March 31, 2022. 
The company has steadily created adequate provisions to take care of the unprecedented 
impact of the COVID pandemic. Loan impairment cost for the quarter stands at Rs.10.8 
Crores. Cumulative total provisions and write offs for the year was Rs.37 Crores as on March 
31, 2022. The total provisions on the books stood at Rs.65 Crores as on March 31 2022, 
covering 5.73% of the total on book AUM. The company enjoys a healthy liquidity position 
with Rs.150 Crores in cash, bank balance, liquid investments and undrawn CC limits aided 
by pickup in collections along with incremental debt capital raised. The company has duly 
repaid all debt obligations that were due in Q4 FY2022 and last year with debt equity ratio of 
4.65x on March 31 2022, and while shareholders equity stood at approximately Rs.213 
Crores. ALM continues to remain positive, and the company continues to have access to new 
sources of funds due to the company’s robust balance sheet, long vintage and prudent lending 
practices. 
 
Coming to collections our consolidated collection efficiencies saw further improving trends 
during the quarter and grew from 92% in Q3 FY2022 to 95% in Q4 FY2022. Collection 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
efficiencies for the month of April crossed more than 98%. Robust collection efficiencies 
were a result of passionate on groundwork force, continuous customer interactions and the 
customer focused approach. We have successfully completed our branch expansion plants 
and added 30 new branches in the MFI and MSME segment. Our total branch network as on 
March 31 2022, stands at 292 branches. The expansion has not only given us deeper 
penetration by tapping into newer districts in existing states, but also given us an opportunity 
to explore new geographies. Due to our asset light business model the capex spent on branch 
expansion was fairly minimal allowing us to reach branch level break even quite quickly. 
Finally, to conclude, I would like to say that our company remains dedicated to serving the 
most under served and unserved population of India. Our endeavor is to make them part of 
India’s growth story by making them financially independent. Today India has a massive 
growth potential in the microfinance lending landscape. Financial inclusions remain a key 
goal of Government of India. With the new RBI guidelines, the outlook for the sector remains 
very much positive. I will also conclude by saying that in September of this year, Arman will 
be celebrating its 30th year in operations. We have seen a lot of ups and a few downs as well. 
None of it would have been as enjoyable or meaningful without the relationships we have 
built along with way with our employees, customers, lenders, investors, the board, our peers 
and all the other stake holders. It is a big thank you from our side for your constant support. 
Thank you and I would now request Michelle the operator to open the call for the question-
and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Mantri from 2Point2 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mantri: 
Sir just a couple of questions on this quarter’s results so the yield has increased a lot this 
quarter and even the provisions has continued to be elevated so what is the reason for both of 
these things? 
Vivek Modi: 
The yields have in particular gone up because we have done a securitization transaction of 
Rs.100 Crores being off loaded to State Bank of India and under Ind-As requirement the gain 
on such transaction needs to be book up front so there is a gain of Rs.5.8 Crores on this 
transaction in this quarter and especially in Namra’s balance sheet in Namra’s P&L which 
obviously flows into the consol as well. 
Amit Mantri: 
But even if I exclude? 
Vivek Modi: 
So that is one and overall in the Q3 when we talk if we were to kind of compare Q3, Q3 if 
you remember was a quarter wherein the fresh disbursement had to take place at a lower yield 
because of the CGS corporate or rather a central government guarantee scheme in 
microfinance so those were at a lower yield of 2% at that point of time so on a comparative 
basis from Q3 to Q4 the delta would be slightly higher. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Aalok Patel: 
Due to timing differences and due to an overall increase also in the yields in the last quarter. 
Vivek Modi: 
Then maybe I can just also add a bit on the two-wheeler side wherein again the yield has been 
moving up. Primarily what is happening is about 30% of the books are now rural two wheelers 
wherein our yields have been higher and as that component keeps on increasing… 
Aalok Patel: 
Provision side I think they are pretty much done. Overall, we had I think I keep saying this 
on the Arman side I do not think the provisions are very, very high. From the Namra side, we 
were doing lot of clean up kind of an exercise and the write offs that we were doing Amit and 
it is what it is. Besides that, I do not know. 
Vivek Modi: 
Generally, Amit what has also happened in Arman if you see the overall provisioning 
requirement for the last couple of quarters anyway has been very fairly stable or rather on the 
decline. In Namra because of the basic completely unsecured quality of the book, we have 
kept on providing as far as possible and required and at a consol level since we continue to 
have about 5% provisioning on the overall AUM. I think largely if we can say, we are well 
provisioned and hopefully I hate to say this because every time we say this something goes 
wrong may be but largely it feels that we have seen a reversed quarters that COVID had to 
show us. 
Aalok Patel: 
A lot of this you are seeing is related to the second wave specifically not so much the third 
one, but the second wave. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Savi from 2Point2 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Savi: 
I think Amit dropped out. Sir I have a couple of questions. One is, I think there is some loss 
that you have taken through the other comprehensive income what is that? 
Vivek Modi: 
Savi on the Ind-As side since we need to kind of mark to market the portfolio and under the 
new rate of interest that we are charging in the future the overall, average interest rates have 
gone up and based on that the OCI will turn out to be a notional loss if we can put it that way. 
It is more like an Ind-As adjustment. 
Savi: 
This must be a loss on your bond portfolio, but I presume that will be low duration? 
Vivek Modi: 
It is not a bond portfolio. 
Aalok Patel: 
This is for the entire portfolio under the Ind-As. 
Savi: 
This will be your liquid funds, right? 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Aalok Patel: 
This is not related to liquid funds. It is a little bit complicated to explain. It has nothing to do, 
in reality if I want to put it that way. Basically, the market rates have moved up and the 
portfolio that we have created in the past has a lower interest yields so Ind-As requires to take 
a notional loss through OCI, but it has nothing to do with the cash flows or anything like that. 
Savi: 
This will reverse over time? Is it expected to reverse? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, it will automatically reverse let us say if the interest cycles kind of come down. 
Fundamentally why this happens is that microfinance and MSME and even two wheelers so 
all our three segments, the lending is done at a fixed rate. It is not a flexi rate which adjusts. 
Hence if the interest rates were to rise, we will have a notional loss and if the cycle reverses, 
then we might have a notional profit. Over a period of time either as we keep on building the 
book our average yield might increase and hence the notional loss will become a bit smaller 
or if there is an interest rate cycle reversal in a couple of quarters then again it might lead to 
a notional gain. Even I do not completely understand it myself. 
Savi: 
Sir on the net NPA have you knocked off all the prevision including floating provisions while 
calculating that number? 
Aalok Patel: 
When you say floating what do you try to mean on that. 
Savi: 
Like this is net of all kinds of provisions that you have taken till date? Is this number net of 
all or only net of the specific provisions? 
Aalok Patel: 
This includes all the provisions, so eventually to cut the answer short, this includes the total 
provisions against specific loan account. This includes all the provisions including the 
floating provisions specifically associated to that particular account or the NPA accounts so 
there is no additional separate NPA floating provision apart from what has been already 
deducted from the gross NPA to have arrived in NPA. 
Savi: 
I will join the queue for further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Jain from Hansraj Virendra Capital 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir many congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir can you just throw some highlight on 
the new geographies where you are expanding, and second question would be in the new 
geographies how do you see the market with respect to the home state or I would say the 
Gujarat market means with respect to either the loan disbursal or the collection is there any 
process improvement or after seeing the market? Are we are doing something different to 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
perform better over there or let us what is the performance over there if you can throw some 
light? 
Aalok Patel: 
I think we expanded into Haryana late end of last year and early this year, so we have about 
15 branches there and we have opened up around 12 odd branches I believe in Bihar, so these 
are new geographies for us. Both of them as far as NPAs go they are practically zero at this 
point, but when you move into a new area because you start very, very cautiously to begin 
and you have a lot of management bandwidth there to begin with. Both of them are slightly 
different areas so Haryana the scope is probably just to open 15 odd branches so being a small 
state and with areas relatively being richer if I can use that term. There is no potential for a 
very rapid growth in Haryana, but it is still extremely good area to operate into as far as our 
experience is concerned so far. Bihar on the other hand is a very concentrated area, but if data 
proves anything it is one of the best areas in India to operate considering that if you look at 
demonetization data and if you look at the past COVID data one of the best performances has 
come out of Bihar as far as the repayment is concerned, but that being said it is a bit forbid. 
It is either going to expand into Bihar. It is better to do it sooner rather than later to gain 
market share. So far, I think, the disbursement volumes are average. It is little early to tell so 
I would say we will have to give it at least another six months to a year to kind of give you a 
real kind of a feedback on how that state is turning out to be. And I think your other question 
was how does it compare to my state. Well, every state is a little different and you have to 
approach a little differently, but the good part about microfinance is that it is applicable across 
stateliness as well, so you do not have to begin from scratch 90% of what you do in Gujarat 
is the same as what you do in Bihar or any other place. The trickiest part is managing the 
people so operationally it is quite intense, but from understanding perceptive it is not  very 
effective. I do not know if that answers your question. 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes, Sir that is all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kuneh Ghelani from Vivriti AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Kuneh Ghelani: 
I wanted to understand how is it that you guys are reacting to the changes which RBI has 
come up with for MFI guidelines both with respect to the yields and also on ground processes, 
practices and underwriting norms as well? 
Aalok Patel: 
So that is excellent question so first of all of course the yields have gone up as far as we are 
concerned so our yields right now are between 24% to 26% depending on different 
geographies we are charging to the customer. Over and above that, the ticket sizes have gone 
up slightly as well and thirdly we have begun some level of income verification from our 
customers at least the household verifications are concerned so lot of work, work in progress 
both from a credit bureau side and our own internal working side wherein as far as credit 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
bureau data is concerned we have to capture the entire family’s credit bureau data so right 
now there are auto algorithms which are pulling the member and their spouses data as far as 
credit bureau is concerned, but anybody else our system is not consolidating it. What is going 
to wind up happening is in the next one or two quarters there is going to be a holistic credit 
bureau report generated for the entire family but lot of complications. I do not want to get 
into it. It will take the entire basically session to talk about it, but yes there are definitely 
challenges in evaluating the entire households indebtedness both in terms of microfinance 
and any other loans that may have and both in terms of the income and when you talk about 
the income of the rural segment by far and large lot of these guys are involved in multiple 
activities and their earnings are also variable throughout the year right so there are always 
questions that come up whether you want to count it at the low end which makes more sense 
or do you want to average or God forbid count it on the higher end as far as the monthly 
incomes are concerned so these all remain very unanswered questions but on the other hand 
when the RBI talks about Rs.3 lakh household income as the limit for micro loan that is pretty 
much broadens the market quite a bit for us. If you consider that the vast majority of the 
Indian households will make less than Rs.25,000 a month so it is quite inclusive of what is 
considered as a micro loan, but yes margins have definitely increased, and we are evaluating 
the customer both on a household income level and on the household indebtedness level. 
Kuneh Ghelani: 
Also just a followup right because you mentioned margins have gone up and hence you are 
able to potentially recycle equity better right so to that extent within the MFI book itself, so 
to that extent how do you look at capital allocation between the three products the two-
wheelers, the MSME is also a high yielding product, but now MFI also you are able to squeeze 
an extra bit of margin so both from a capital allocation point of view between three and the 
overall capital that you have is the leverage that you are this point what is the sort of runway 
that you are looking at it with those sort of capital levels? 
Aalok Patel: 
So as far as the product mix itself is concerned two-wheelers have become sort of negligible 
so let us put that on the side for now. Lot of the lines, which were drawn between what I had 
called MSME versus microfinance have today now started to blend so when you talk about 
MSME versus microfinance preregulations you are talking about on one hand a JLG product 
with very minimal underwriting and on the other hand the MSME product was doing an 
income at evaluation on a household level and using that to give a loan but all of a sudden 
that includes microfinance as well so the lines have sort of merged to an extent and so wind 
up is happening in the MSME side is that the evaluation will increase and the ticket sizes will 
have to probably increase as well. Now as far as the product mix is concerned as I have said 
I am very keen to do more. As I have said in the past, I am keen very keen to do more MSME 
and we have been growing that book well at least in the last one year I think from a percentage 
standpoints the disbursements have increased, and the AUM has also increased. I think that 
AUM increase by about 30% to 35% over the last year but microfinance today is still the 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
dominant segment for the company. That will probably likely change in the next three to five 
years but today microfinance will still remain at about 80% of the book 
Kuneh Ghelani: 
I just had one followup if I can very quickly squeeze it is? Just trying to understand from an 
overall leverage perceptive as well right so on balance sheet we are 4.6% or so if we had been 
managing to sell we go over 5% right so to that extent how is that we are looking at leverage 
the consol basis and possibly the equity as well? What sort of runway are we looking at right 
now? 
Vivek Modi: 
Yes, the issue is approximately at about 24% odd on a consol basis like kind of normally you 
do not need to look at the consol basis because these are two different entities. When Arman 
standalone it is about 29% and in Namra, I had to maintain something closer to 20% but 
hypothetically if we were to look at the consol then it was about 24%? 
Aalok Patel: 
It is a wholly own subsidiary so basically whenever the subsidiary needs more capital 
historically it has asked for it, from the parent. Now from a leveraging perceptive, I think 
your question is that how far can our equity push us so right now as Vivek said we are at 
about 24 CAR. We have taken steps in the past quarter to reduce that or increase the CAR 
percentage even further by putting some of the off-book kind of transactions which is the DA 
transactions, and we are of course looking for equity as well but for now we are comfortable. 
There is not much of a concern at this point. 
Kuneh Ghelani: 
Thanks so much and wishing you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachit Motwani from Param Capital 
Research Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sachit Motwani: 
So, my first question is pertaining to what other large industry peer you are seeing that post 
this new guidelines April and May has been very slow, so I just wanted to understand if you 
guys have also seen a similar trend in terms of April and May disbursement? 
Aalok Patel: 
No in fact it has been the opposite for us. The disbursements are quite high. It seems that the 
demand is quite high as well so yes operationally it has been challenging but luckily, we had 
a lot of practice with income evaluations and things through our MSME so that helped us 
quite a bit from an intersegment kind of a wave to take our learning from the MSME segment 
and put them into microfinance so that I think is probably what you are referring to. I do not 
particularly know which year that you are referring to, but lot of peers were facing issues with 
income verification and evaluating indebtedness and stock on a family level so I think we 
have done if I can prove to my own horn a little better based on the unique skill set that we 
had from the MSME division. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Vivek Modi: 
Further if I can add I think within microfinance we also started something which is called the 
individual business loans which were individual loans so that is still in pilot phase but since 
it was set into almost 70 branches at one go in pilot phase itself though very small book there 
about 2% only, but still that kind of prepared us in income assessment in Namra itself at each 
of the branch level. 
Aalok Patel: 
Idea was a product that we had started doing in microfinance to graduate the customers into 
an individual loan with the cashless repayment methodology and higher underwriting so that 
is basically what Vivek was referring to. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it, but your MSME would also be on similar lines right with a slightly higher ticket size? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes correct. 
Sachit Motwani: 
The other question was on the securitization that you have done so now that the gain is booked 
at Rs.5.8 Crores is there any future credit loss or any guarantee that Namra had to give or any 
collateral or FLDG? 
Aalok Patel: 
By definition the DA transaction cannot have any recourse, so there cannot be any guarantee 
or any cash collateral or anything of that sort. Otherwise, it would not be considered as a 
direct assignment transaction, but Vivek can  add here something. 
Vivek Modi: 
So ideally what is happening is as per the definition under Ind-As but true sales where there 
is no recourse on the percentage of the cash flow which are assigned there cannot be any 
additional security in the nature of FLDG or any enhancement structures so to that extent 
there is no additional provisioning requirement on those assets. Something similar to that are 
being done through PDC transactions which remain on books only because overall the credit 
enhancement is about 10% to 15% or 20% at times so those are anyway on balance sheet and 
are covered under the provisioning that required for the entire asset class. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it and after this Rs.100 Crores securitization that is done in the Q4 are you looking at 
more such deals coming in the coming financial year? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes absolutely. It is kind of a win, win situation because the rates are also quite competitive 
on DA transactions number one and number two it helps with this ER ratio as I mentioned 
earlier because the asset is completely removed from our balance sheet so yes, I think given 
that there is enough market interest we are open to doing more such transactions in the future. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it and even without the securitization income if I look at your cost to income it works out 
to be 40% so obviously you are targeting some branch opening and all of that but the scale at 
you can we expect this to further moderate down the cost to income ratios? 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Aalok Patel: 
I think for sure now that we are charging higher interest rates and the operating cost will not 
increase to a large extent. It will take a few quarters probably because all the stuff that we 
have created in prior quarters was at lower interest rate so the weighted average interest rate 
will take some time to catch up to the current charging levels, but yes there is definitely a lot 
of scope for improvement with the new RBI rules. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it and Sir another was even without the DA transaction our other income was a bit higher 
this quarter so any particular reason for that? You had Rs.9.2 Crores of which securitization 
was Rs.5.8 Crores so remaining what was the reason for the remaining other income? Was it 
that higher liquidity that you were sitting on of Rs.160 odd Crores? 
Aalok Patel: 
You kind of answered it for us. Basically, it has been that the liquidity has been generally 
high and that is about it has resulted. 
Sachit Motwani: 
So, going forward what liquidity would you be comfortable on the balance sheet? 
Aalok Patel: 
It will be as much as possible really because we have pretty descent growth targets. Ideally 
speaking I would like at least one month’s worth of disbursements as liquidity. It has not been 
always the case for the past couple of months. The Q1 is always light in terms of lenders, but 
yes, I think it is just nice to have the liquidity available and there have been so many 
incidences in the last four to five years demon and DHFL kind of crisis and COVID and stuff. 
There is that external equity has daily helped us, so it does come at a cost of negative carry, 
but I think it is well worth it to have it, so we really want to work in just in time kind of a 
system. What has really helped us in the past is having large CC limits, but we are in a sort 
of a minority where NBFCs are concerned. Most NBFCs did not have very large CC limits. 
Most of the funding was done through term loan kind of structures, but the debt portfolio 
increases more and more the CC limits become less and less meaningful from a percentage 
basis for us also. Negative carry will continue to impact us from a P&L standpoint in the 
future. 
Sachit Motwani: 
And lastly on the two wheeler side though it has become like below 4% of your AUM and it 
as good and meaningless at this point of time but you were at Rs.100 Crores plus AUM in 
this two wheeler book so I just wanted to get your long term thoughts on this like are we 
looking at scaling this up to a Rs.200 Crores to Rs.300 Crores AUM at some point of time? 
Aalok Patel: 
So right now, the market conditions are such that it is kind of on ice at the moment. As the 
conditions improve, we will make a call whether we want to kind of reenter this segment even 
on a substantial level or not. We are doing two-wheelers which is generating pretty good 
decent gain and that is essentially a tag on product for our MSME books, so it does not require 
a whole another operation to do it. Lot of it is being done through our MSME branches. I do 
not know. I am little bullish on the EV side. It is little too early to start it but definitely 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
something to consider down the road and let us see. I think two-wheeler has been our bread 
and butter for a long, long time through very rough or when we were much, much smaller 
than we are today so also there is a bit of a sentimental attachment to it as well but of course 
sentiments have no place in running a business but still we do not want to completely shutter 
the door. We want to keep some door open where we can get into it in the future. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it. I have some more questions, but I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Mehta from Steinberg Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Yash Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. On your MSME business we have seen obviously in a couple of 
quarters there were elevated slippages? That has obviously normalized to the current levels 
let us around 8% or so of the NPA? How do you see let us say traction on this business and 
any guidance that you would like to give on the scale up of your? 
Aalok Patel: 
Scale up which segment are you talking of? What are we talking of. 
Yash Mehta: 
MSME. 
Aalok Patel: 
No, we are trying to scale up. It takes kind of a unique customer, so it is not as simple I want 
to say microfinance is simpler, but it takes a specific kind of a customer and a specific 
occupation to do a MSME kind of a loan. Of course, the margins that we enjoy in MSME are 
far superior as well so there are no complaints there but yes it is very difficult to grow the 
MSME book at microfinance levels of 50% to 60% a year. Still, we are managing to grow at 
about 35% to 40% on a year-on-year basis and I think you should see that continuing for the 
years to come. 
Yash Mehta: 
So, let us say obviously on our current base of the MFI business that we have what share of 
customers would you say actually qualify for some of these MSME loans? They must have 
had some credit history with you, and you would like to kind of upgrade them to becoming 
MSME customers, right? 
Aalok Patel: 
No these are not upgraded customers. These are completely different segments so we don’t’ 
approach MSME like lot of our peers do that. You have been with us for four to five years 
and here is the higher ticket size loan and enjoy so it is not like that. We are trying to target 
to customers who are one step above the microfinance customer’s right so these could be 
male customers. For example, microfinance is purely concentrating on GLG female 
customers. It could be male customers and their businesses would be at sort of a higher level 
than a simple like a household income generating activity like a tailoring machine or buying 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
one cattle or something to sell milk so it would be at a higher level and so we are not relying 
on our microfinance customers to do our MSME book. 
Yash Mehta: 
Sir can you give some broad used cases for which you have been giving MSME like in terms 
of let us say your buy of the mix? 
Aalok Patel: 
It could be ‘kirana store’. It could be scrap dealers. It could be people involved in the spice 
trade. It could be people who supply textilers who do embroidery job work and even if they 
are dairy then the larger cattle in the dairy side so preferably, I think one thing is that the 
MSME in Arman are completely different branches and segregated areas and they do not kind 
of generally overlap with the other geography except for a few branches here and there but 
generally these are absolutely different geographies and these are absolutely different 
dedicated branches for MSME and microfinance. 
Yash Mehta: 
Understood and my last question is let us say we have seen our yields now obviously currently 
at 22%? They are going to 24% to 26% and that range incrementally. Then the question is 
would you go deeper in terms of let us say a customer that you have not approached before 
because now you, ability to prize that customer also is much better? We do not have a 
particular customer segment earlier at a certain yield level. 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, so geographically we are definitely evaluating so let us put it that way so not on an 
individual customer level but there were certain geographies that we were more riskier than 
others or certain geographies that came at a higher operating cost than others so we would be 
looking at those for sure. 
Yash Mehta: 
Alright that is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mantri from 2Point2 Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Mantri: 
Aalok sorry I got disconnected earlier. Just again on the same question just a bit more 
understanding so as of now in the new regime so you had mentioned that one you are doing 
region specific pricing of inters straights is that the only criteria right now or there are other 
factors also that determine the interest rates be it safe? With cycle the borrower is or anything 
else? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, so there are numerous ways to divide it up. One is by ticket size. One is by geographies. 
The plan is to add a level of sophistication on the interest side. Of course, competition would 
also play a factor into the equation but right now we are just doing it on geography because 
this is lot to concentrate on. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Vivek Modi: 
Aalok if I can add. Geography plus ticket size. Now ticket size is Amit a function of cycle 
also so as you give larger ticket sizes you are basically going to the same customer, that 
customer will be third or fourth cycle upwards. 
Aalok Patel: 
But it comes at higher risk. 
Vivek Modi: 
Higher risk so to that extent it might sound counter reductive but as we kind of always said 
generally speaking the unsecured loan borrower is interested agnostic. It does not mean that 
we charge them anything that way but generally if a customer in the third or fourth cycle was 
limited to Rs.40,000 and now we have kind of increased it to Rs.50,000 and Rs.60,000 so the 
timely delivery of credit and the higher ticket size, there is the room for better margin there. 
Amit Mantri: 
Sure, understood so ticket size increase basically that? 
Aalok Patel: 
In terms of criteria that it can use while one is of course ethics that we should really take 
advantage of a situation and so the board has set a hard limit on what that you cannot cross a 
certain interest rates but other than that there is demand and affordability and competition and 
operating cost and risk premiums and tenure also you can do a size, role cycle, gauge of the 
branch that as the number of customers increases your operating cost in the branch increases 
so you an price it according to that. There is also a credit cost and profit margins and what 
peers are charging so there are numerous possibilities for pricing. Lot of it that elevate as time 
goes on. 
Amit Mantri: 
Sure, understood and currently there are Rs.65 Crores of provisions on the book so can you 
give a breakup of that how much of it is say standard provisioning and how much of it is NPA 
related and how much if there is anything apart from that of the Rs.65 Crores? 
Vivek Modi: 
Just to give a breakup between Arman and Namra it is about Rs.47 Crores for the 
microfinance book and the balance Rs.18 Crores is on the Arman book for the two-wheeler 
and MSME book. In terms of, I think Rs.18 Crores is on standard assets. NPA is about Rs.30 
Crores. The overall NPA as far as the Namra book is concerned is approximately, we have 
provisions of Rs.28 Crores for the NPA specific provision and as far as Arman is concerned, 
we just had about Rs.13 Crores as NPA provisions so overall about Rs.48 Crores out of that 
Rs.65 Crores is the NPA provisions. 
Amit Mantri: 
Rs.48 Crores is NPA provision and the rest Rs.17 Crores would be standard asset is it? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, standard asset provisions. That would be correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Moving on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Savi from 
2Point2 Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Savi: 
Sir I think again Amit was lost, but from this the standard provision has not been netted off 
right? It is the net debt of the net NPA will go zero, right? 
Vivek Modi: 
No. The standard NPA provision, see the gross NPAs for let us say just speak for a minute 
about Namra. In Namra, the microfinance the gross NPA is Rs.34.5 Crores and even that 
Rs.34 Crores there is a Rs.28 Crores NPA provision so the net NPA will turn out to be 34 
minus 28 which is about let us say Rs.6 Crores right so that is the net NPA there and similarly 
for Arman the gross NPAs on Arman that we would have, to give you a segment wise 
breakdown, the gross NPA numbers for two-wheeler is Rs.3.17 Crores against which we have 
a provision of 2.23 Crores of specific NPA provision so my net NPA is just 0.94 Crores in 
two-wheeler segment, in MSME our gross NPA is 12.89 against which we have a provision 
of 10.67 Crores giving a net NPA of 2.2 Crores, so in Arman the net NPA is about 3.15 Crores 
which means about 1.79% and in Namra microfinance side it will turn out to be less than 
0.6%. 
Savi: 
But against these if you also look up the standard provisioning then. 
Vivek Modi: 
Okay so what you are saying is in terms of provision coverage that is one way of looking at 
it. So, if you look at it that way probably the overall provision for micro finance both would 
be much bigger, it may be about 130% and Arman turns out to be almost 150% but again 
more specifically, I think. 
Aalok Patel: 
We have 100% provision of NPA interest also. The ECL has really kind of confused matters 
on what is standard and what is not because there is the RBI method of calculating. There is 
ECL process of calculating and you have to kind of take whatever is high which in our case 
is always the ECL, so I know where you are coming from the typically speaking pre-Ind-As 
we reported standard assets separate then NTA provisioning separate. Now it is just kind of 
one big blended number. 
Vivek Modi: 
Again just to further clarify what happens is generally we have seen the practice PH ration 
now typically when you are doing an expected loss calculation then I think generally speaking 
it is a good ration to just show but it probably does not really mean to much because I require 
provisions against standard assets as well and against the NPA assets there has to be a specific 
provision so I think the specific coverage is rather more important so my NPA gross asset 
have a coverage of roughly 80 plus percent that is to our understanding a more important 
think to be prepared for because if my NPA asset are let us say 50 Crores and against that 50 
Crores my NPA specific provisions on the specific asset itself is 40 plus Crores which is 
almost like 81 % to 82% rather more definitive way of gauging loses rather than saying that 
against the 50 Crores of NPA I have a provision cover of 65 Crores which is 130% 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Savi: 
Got it so this quarter what was the reason for increasing provisions was it to increase the 
coverage ratio on the NPA. I mean collections are pretty good so what was the reason I mean 
Q-o-Q also there has not been a decline. 
Vivek Modi: 
It is all the past stuff first wave, second wave all of that stuff. We just have to clean up. I 
mean something which is like pre COVID and still not a NPA bucket but is in 30 to 60 day 
bucket or what we call as a stage 2 asset will continue to have a higher coverage provisioning 
requirement because what is also happening honestly is that lot of these are moratorium 
interest as well so lot of the microfinance customers when they took the original moratorium 
or we gave it to them there was an interest that was accrued during the moratorium period, 
however you know now it is disputed lot of customers who could not understand moratorium 
interest I think most people did not before this before COVID crisis came so they say that we 
have paid as per the regular schedule and what is this extra money that you are asking so lot 
of clean up exercises well where there would be couple of thousand rupees spending per 
customer and that was disputed and the cost or recovering that small amount was far 
exceeding anything the cost would exceed any recovery effort that we would make so the 
option was to just essentially write it off or provide for it. 
Savi: 
So, in this year in FY2023 will we have a normalized credit cost which is near to the pre 
COVID level. 
Aalok Patel: 
I do not think they are really going to go back to pre COVID level this is my humble 
pessimistic opinion. The days of 1% credit cost in micro finance are behind us. They were 
behind us even before COVID. I think the loan losses you will have to expect it at slightly 
higher number. I do not want to give you any number. I am not going to say it is going to be 
5% or anything ridiculously large like that but definitely it is going to be higher than 1% 
maybe slightly less than 2% even on an ongoing basis that is the weightage but thankfully 
with the new RBI regulation I can pass that on, so it is not going to impact me too much. 
Savi: 
But anything specific to the COVID waves, all of that has been cleaned up in this quarter now 
nothing extra left there. 
Aalok Patel: 
By far and large it has been cleaned up plus provided for so the reason why I say by far and 
large is that we would not know completely until August of this year because you will still 
get into those interest disputes and things like that towards the end of the loans so by far and 
large this is behind us. 
Savi: 
Another outlook for growth can you give a number for FY2023? 
Aalok Patel: 
Unfortunately, we are not giving it, but we are expecting a pretty good year. We are used to 
growing at 40% to 50% so at least that much. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Savi: 
But that would lead to significant increase in leverage unless you do direct assignment 
traction so what is your thought on it. Are you comfortable with the given higher leverage 
from here on? 
Aalok Patel: 
So, we are evaluating different options, one obviously is raising more capital second is more 
DA transactions, third is tier 2 kind of structures but if we can raise further equity nothing 
like it. 
Savi: 
It may also affect your credit rating if you continue to increase the leverage. 
Aalok Patel: 
So, we will never go beyond like 18% CAR or anything like that. 
Question: 
And last question is on your diversification so there is some significant progress there and 
now MP is almost equal to Gujarat and UP is even larger than Gujarat so I mean it looks like 
a conscious decision for you to diversify across states but what is the implication in terms of 
cost to income and asset quality and what is your experience in the newer state in terms of 
asset quality how are you looking at that. 
Vivek Modi: 
So geographically yes it is a conscious decision to kind of de-risk ourselves in our existing 
geographies of let us say Gujarat and MP that we had been historically present slowly but 
surely we have moved into new geographies including UP, Haryana. Rajasthan. UP definitely 
is a large state and we have seen over the last five years that we have been there generally a 
good. 
Aalok Patel: 
Touch wood UP has performed extremely well during COVID probably if you discount the 
newer states that we opened probably it has been the best performing state the worst has been 
Maharashtra, so the plan is to not open for branches there at least for the time being and 
Madhya Pradesh after that with specific districts Jabalpur and areas like that but rest of the 
other states have performed well. I would say between Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra 
there should be over 2/3 of our credit cost so largely what we are trying to do is what we have 
been already seeing these two situations where each of the state kind of represents less than 
25% and then slowly represent less than 20%. 
Savi: 
And in terms of hiring, you have been hiring a lot of people in the junior people or are you 
also looking to hire people at the senior level now that you have become large. 
Aalok Patel: 
I mean we get junior, senior and middle level all the way, so I think we just hired a chief risk 
office as well, so he comes with 30 to 40 years of experience in the banking and NBFC, so 
we hired a good IT person as well at a higher level on the software side, hardware we already 
had so at all layers we are hiring. 

 
 
     Arman Financial Services Limited 
June 02, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Savi: 
Thank you that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. On behalf of Emkay 
Global Financial Services that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
