Date: June 13, 2022 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532784 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
... • 
S OBH A 
PASSION AT WORK 
To 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: SOBHA 
Sub: Transcript of Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional Investors held on June 9, 2022. 
In continuation of our letter dated June 7, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI 
· (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the 
Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional Investors, held on Thursday, the 9th day of June, 2022 is 
attached. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record in compliance of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015. 
Yours sincerely, 
FOR SOBHA LIMITED 
~ 
VIGHNESHW AR G BHAT 
GA 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
SOBHA LIMITED 
REGD & CORPORATE OFFICE: 'SOBHA', SARJAPUR - MARATHAHALLI OUTER fl!NG ROAD, BELLANDUR POST, BANGALORE - 560103. !NOIA 
CIN: L4520 I KA I 99SPLC0 18475 I TEL : +91-8J-49320000 I FAX: +9180 49320444 I www.sobha.com 

1 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
DEEPA:  Hi. Good afternoon. 
MALE 1:   Hi. 
DEEPA:  This is Deepa from Open Exchange. We are still waiting for the presenter to join, so 
I’ll be moving you back to the waiting room. Is that okay? 
MALE 1:  Sure. 
DEEPA:  Thank you. Hi, Tisha. Good afternoon. Can you hear me? 
TISHA:  Hi, Deepa. Good afternoon. Yes, I can. 
DEEPA:  So, I have just given you cohost. We are still waiting for the presenter. I’ll be moving 
you to the meeting room. So once the company is in, I’ll just get them also to the meeting room 
and once everything is ready, I’ll just get all the investors to the meeting room. Is that okay? 
TISHA:  Perfect. Yeah. 
DEEPA:  So, you can just use Ask for help option if you need any help. Meanwhile, I’ll be in 
the lobby looking for the presenter and the investors. 
TISHA:  Yeah, perfect. Okay. 
DEEPA:  Thank you. 
TISHA:  Thank you so much. 
[00:05:00] 
DEEPA:  Hi, Monica. Hi, Monica, can you hear me? 
[00:10:00] 
DEEPA:  Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. We just take two to three minutes more till the 
management joins in. 
SAMITI: Hello. Hi, Alicia. Can you see [INDISCERNIBLE 00:12:31] in the lobby? 
TRISHA:  Hi, Samiti [PH]. One second. Operator, can you please let them into the meeting 
room? 
FEMALE 2:  Everyone are in the meeting room. I don’t see anyone. 
MALE 2:  Yes-yes --  

2 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
TRISHA:  Hi, Nand. Hi Jagadish, good afternoon. I think we have most of the investors 
and should we start the meeting now? 
SAMITI:  Yes, Tricia. 
TRISHA:  Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to India Morgan 
Stanley Conference 2022. I am Trisha. I’m part of the property team at Morgan Stanley. And 
today we have with us the management team of Shobha Limited. We have Mr. Jagadish, who 
is the managing director and Samiti the head of investor relations. Welcome to you, sir. 
SAMITI:  Thank you Trisha. 
TRISHA:  So for today’s discussion, why don’t we begin with some opening remarks and then 
we can open up the flow for Q&A. Over to you sir. 
JAGADISH:  Sure. Thank you. Thank you, Trisha, for arranging this virtual meet. As all of you 
know, that Shobha has been known for world class quality developments and products. Whether 
it’s residential homes, contractual projects, manufactured and retail products, interiors, metal 
works, concrete products, recently furniture and furnishings. Our current plan is to continue on 
the path to deliver the same focus and passion. We intend to pursue growth in a disciplined 
manner which is a discipline growth strategy striking a good balance between growth, 
profitability and financial gaining. As you would have seen last year, we have done from a sales 
perspective, about 4.9 million square feet which is roughly about 22.5% growth over previous 
FY. 
[00:14:50] 
And we think that we will continue on elevated sales level with new launches with pursuing new 
launches and selling from the existing project inventory. In the contractual and the 
manufacturing side also, I think that the next couple of years seem to be on a growth path given 
the pipeline that we have in terms of projects and the order book that we have. The third with 
respect to the cash flow that we have been focused on in the last couple of years, we had been 
very rigorous in terms of debt reduction, which you can see the result, which we have reduced 
the overall debt by about Rs.685 Crore in the last two years. And I think we are reasonably better 
in terms of financial gearing, which is we are at now debt week at 0.93. And we will plan to 
reduce that even more as we continue our operations. The focus now will be more calibrated in 
terms of balance between both debt reduction and the growth investment that we will need to do 
to pursue a higher volume going forward both in residence and in other businesses. So overall, 
the market looks very good in terms of the demand. Our leading indicators seem to be continued 
to be promising. There has been a concern in terms of the costs as well, which proactively we 
have addressed it through price hikes in the last eight to nine months, which we think that the 
market has taken it well and the customers seem to be continuing to express interest and we 
continue to do sales in a stable manner. The overall demand environment seems to be reasonably 
good as of now. 

3 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
TRISHA:  Thank you, Jagadish. We see Yogesh Bansal [PH] of the chief financial office, 
has joined us. Hi, Yogesh. Good afternoon. I think Yogesh is in mute. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Hello, Trisha. 
TRISHA:  Hi. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Good afternoon, Trisha. Sorry. 
TRISHA:  No worries. So that was like a good opening remark. The floor is now open for Q&A. 
If anybody wishes to ask a question, they can raise their hand and go ahead. Hi, Pratik [PH 
00:17:50]. Yeah, please go ahead. 
PRATIK:  Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is that you’re seeing that the 
demand trend is sustaining at this point in time. So, will you say that the [INDISCERNIBLE 
00:18:05] is it like a similar only that you see, or is it better than that? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Pratik that seems to be consistent, from the way we looked at it. 
Emphasis in this financial year is going to be more on the absorption of the calibrated price 
increases that we have done or if required, we will do across all projects in future. The effect of 
the same -- we thought that it will be clear in a quarter or two. And also, there are other factors 
also playing an increase in interest rates as well. Right now, the prioritization for us between 
significant volume growth versus margin protection would choose the later, considering that 
we are operating on a higher basis. The goal is to have a good balance of growth and 
profitability. Having said that, if I look at the -- even the last couple of months and the 
overall leading indicators are still very stable. So, I think we are good for the time being, but 
we need to be very watchful on how these new developments are going to affect in the future. 
So, which I think will become clear in a quarter or two. 
PRATIK:  Okay. And what’s the quantum of price increase that you’ve taken? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Last year, on an average, we have done a price increase of about 6% and 
this calendar year also, we have done certain price acts and I think this year also we would do a 
price increase of about roughly similar, which would largely cover our costs of construction for 
the future sales. 
00:20:07 
PRATIK:  Okay. Coming to your new launches, you have a very good pipeline this year. So, if 
you can just help us understand the timeline of these launches, will it be a bit of back ended in 
H2 or do you have some launches planned in H1O2 [PH 00:20:28]? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  In our investor presentation we have clearly mentioned that we have 
about new launches of about 13 million square feet. So, that I think largely in the next 12 to 15

4 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
months close to eight to nine million square feet we will be able to launch. And it is not back 
ended. We have a continuous pipeline for that. 
PRATIK:  Okay. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  So, this quarter we have launched certain projects. We will launch new 
projects in the subsequent next quarter. So, we have a pipeline for that. So, quarter on quarter we 
have. I’m not sure it’s exactly even, but we will keep seeing new launches every quarter. 
PRATIK:  In the earnings -- correct me if I’m wrong. You said that the sales that you did last 
year, that was one of the highest sales that Shobha achieved. This year on that day being a very 
high base, growing on that base seems a bit difficult. Correct me if I’m wrong there. How are you 
thinking about that and what kind of growth that you are targeting this year on a full year basis? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  So, like I just mentioned in this year, if I have to pick between significant 
volume growth versus absorption of price and margin protection would choose the later because 
we are operating on a high basis. Our cash flows are very steady. Our ability to reduce our debt or 
incrementally invest is good. So, I would not chase very high volume just for the sake of it. I’m 
still cagey little bit about the inflation till the time there is some kind of stability there. I would 
choose that rather than this. So, the demand seems to be like I mentioned, it’s very stable. So, I 
think that if I can achieve far higher nothing like it, but my priority is this as well. So given that 
we have a balance, I would like to have a balance of both growth and profitability this financial 
year. This is what I would like to do. But at the same time that’s very short term, but our goal, if 
you look at how we have been performing, we have been consistent at a yearly sales run rate of 
about four million square feet. And then we jump to about 4.9 and over the next three to four 
years we would like to reach a consistent volume of about seven to eight million square feet. For 
that to achieve there would be certain kind of rigorous execution of bringing from a land stage to 
the project stage, and also some incremental investments going forward and that we are not 
depending on any kind of external capital. So hence our focus on cash flow is also very -- both 
cash flow and margins is also very high. 
PRATIK:  And as you said, that your target for next three to four years is to take this number to 
7 to 8 million square feet. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  That’s it. 
PRATIK:  So, I believe that that can happen on your own land bank. You don’t need to acquire 
additional land bank for that. Is my understanding correct? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  So Pratik, we have existing land bank and certain deals that we have 
already done earlier. So that aside, we will keep doing new business development. We will keep 
acquiring. It’s an ongoing business for us. So, it’s not necessarily that everything will come from 
only from the existing land bank. See the existing land bank, we have started monetizing it and in 
order to monetize we will have to do a bunch of things which is including incremental 
investment, some consolidation, some activities to make sure that they come to the best use. 

5 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
[00:25:09] 
So that’s an ongoing process. So it’s not necessary that it’s only from the existing land bank but 
it will be a combination of both going forward like we are doing even today. 
PRADEEP:  Okay. So, your existing land bank what is the near monetizable, something that 
we’re looking at? Any additional land that you can highlight on which monetization can happen? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Yes, Pradeep. In one of the launch pipeline that we have we are coming 
up with a project of about 3.4 million square feet in Panathur that’s from an existing land bank. 
Hoskote, we are consolidating and hence in a couple of years, two to three years we will be able 
to start launching projects there as well. And in small bits and pieces, we are just about to launch 
another small project which is again in the Southeast Bangalore from existing land bank. So, 
there are bunch of activities which are wherever we are able to do launches on projects so we are 
actively taking those up. And wherever they require some kind of incremental investment and for 
consolidation that also we have initiated which I believe that given that we had these land parcels 
for quite some time and there are some sticky issues which we have started resolving those in 
another two to three years we should be able to start doing that as well. So which I think we are 
fairly comfortable in terms of how to address both the existing land bank and how to monetize it 
through project through best use of the land and second is also through new launches. So, 
definitely on the radar you will start seeing some action in couple of two to three years in the 
form of project. But meanwhile we have enough inventory both in existing and as future 
launches. If you look at our overall inventory both from existing inventory in the current projects, 
unreleased inventory plus new launches. All put together it’s in the amount of close to 20 million 
plus square feet. So hence I think we are at a run rate of even 5 million, 6 million square feet. We 
are there for another inventory level is reasonably there. It’s a matter of how we continue to 
monetize our existing land bank and also new business development such that we can have that in 
a disciplined manner. 
PRADEEP:  Okay. And coming to the incremental investment that you’ve just spoken about, 
what could be the kind of outlay that you have in your mind that you’ll be able to spend maybe 
on an annual basis or maybe over the next two years? Given the balance sheet that we have on the 
debt and equity ratios that we are currently trading at? So how are you thinking about that? How 
much implement investment can you make out of it on another basis? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  So for the existing land bank specifically if you could ask then we would 
need about 30 to 50 a year in the next couple two to three years. 
PRADEEP:  Thirty to fifty. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Yeah. 
PRADEEP:  Thank you. That’s it for myself. 

6 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Thank you, Pradeep. 
TRISHA:  Thank you, Pradeep. If anybody has any questions, they can unmute themselves and 
go ahead. Meanwhile, the questions are being formed. Maybe you could answer something on 
cost inflation that is another hot topic right now. So on cost inflation, could you further elaborate 
on what are the pressure points right now? Is it more towards material or otherwise? And the 
follow-up would be -- you said you would be taking some price increases. Do you think it’s 
going to hurt volumes on the forward? What are your views on that? 
[00:30:03] 
YOGESH BANSAL  Yeah, so the cost increases we had seen in the last 12 months, if I look at 
it on a typical project, if I have to launch a project one year before and today there has been an 
increase of clear increase of 15% to 16% for us. That’s largely from the material high, the 
commodity prices that we have seen, which has seeped through various other materials that we 
purchased, not just the poor material but also the downstream materials, also downstream 
material or equipment that we use so that is one. Second is also, it’s looking like a lot of that 
costs can be very sticky in terms of pricing. When I say that then the commodity prices have 
cooled off a little bit like steel has come down a little bit, the cement prices are largely stable or 
slightly lower, but these contributed for a little bit reduction. But the majority of the other price 
increases that have occurred, I think those are going to be largely speaking, that’s number one. 
Number two is we are also not yet factored in a lot of wage inflation which we started already 
seeing. So, hence we have already budgeted for a higher wage or let’s say both in all types of 
works and activities that we do. So, since we are a backward integrated firm, our visibility to cost 
are pretty much in real time so hence our ability to understand and probably address those cost 
increases can be a little bit more proactive. For example, we have done these price increases 
much before and probably most of the players in the market and we have done it because it 
became very clear as we real time estimate all our costs that there has been a significant increase 
and hence we increase those. Second, we also are trying to in parallel trying to address the cost 
increases by two to three ways, which is one is we are looking at alternate materials. We’re 
looking at a far more efficient design. Most of our design is in house. We still are going for peer 
reviews and seeing if there can be more economies that we can achieve. In some cases, we have 
done it. So those cost efficiency measures will really help us. So, we are actually focused on cost 
right now because that’s a much bigger factor for us going forward rather than just the demand, 
which we think is fairly stable. 
TRISHA:  Thank you that was very helpful. Let me just go back to the audience and see if 
anybody has any questions at this point. 
VIHANGI:  Hello. Yeah, hi this is Vihangi from Zapa. Just one question from my side, most of 
my questions have actually been answered. I mean, I recall that a while back you had mentioned 
that 65%-70% of your clientele is mostly like IT professionals in Bangla, right? So, I mean, there 
was a whole demand from the IT side was actually very buoyant over the last couple of years 
which we sort of see it to be softening a bit. So, from your side, do you see that as well that IT 

7 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
demand which is really buoyant a couple of years back is kind of softening now ordo you still 
see it to be the same? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Good question, Vihangi. It’s very clear that a lot of factors have 
contributed to the good demand increase, particularly very high job market. So hence consumer 
confidence was extremely high combined with, of course, high savings that people have done 
during COVID, probably the lowest ever interest rates and very little supply in the market has 
contributed significant growth for us. Now, when I still look at the lease indicators like a number 
of people visiting our sites, number of inquiries. 
[00:35:03] 
So last year we were running at a run rate of about last quarter we ran at a run rate of about 4,000 
plus site visits to all our sites. And even in the last few months we have seen that’s not papered 
off yet until I don’t see that kind of the leading indicators drop off. I think it’s fair to say that 
right now that doesn’t seem to effort as much but having said that, the lowering of the hiring or 
let’s say the frenzy that we had seen in hiring is tapering off. That’s all anecdotal we do not have 
real data on it, but it’s definitely there. If you look at Bangalore as a market from employment 
perspective, it consists of IT services then there is a bunch of KPOs, BPOs and also consumer 
tech recent ones and also a lot of MNCs that operate out of here. So, I do not see the same level 
of what you read in the newspapers, which is related to particularly with startup tech. I don’t 
think that is seen in the actual high-volume jobs which is in services and in the MNC Space. 
Majority of our demand comes from there as well. So, considering that, I think we are okay but 
you never know will have to watch that carefully. As of now it doesn’t look to be too different 
from last quarter. 
VIHANGI:  Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Thank you, Vihangi. 
TRISHA:  Thank you. I just may extend the previous question a bit and then if you could give a 
deeper color on the demand outlook from different geographies, your key markets Bangladesh 
you already spoke about, but how are you looking? How are the demand trends working in 
Gurugram and other market Scotch, et cetera, any color on that? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  So in NCR, which has contributed, which has seen a significant rise in 
the last FY22, it seems to be that our projects, they have continued to see similar demand and 
largely it’s coming. Yes, you’re right. It’s not a similar customer profile, but this action of good 
job creation and strong consumer confidence is there even in non-IT or other services sector also. 
Hence that seems to be driving even for us in Gurugram, the kind of projects that we have on 
worker expressway, that’s majority of the customers are actually end users again and the two 
from Delhi. Delhi has a very huge population base which is of 16.17 million people. So, the 
incremental demand there is all flowing to peripheral locations like Gurugram and this being 
closer to Gurugram so hence we are seeing demand from both from Gurugram itself and also 
from the Delhi side as well. So, it’s a good mix so hence the overall base of customer base is 

8 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
much larger than if you are deep inside in Gurugram. So, that’s been very helpful to us 
previously and we have seen a heightened activity there. Now coming to other cities, which is 
like we have project in Pune. Pune also has done similarly very well considering that there has 
been an increased economic activity in Pune similar factors like it’s in Bangalore. When we look 
at other geographies like Chennai. Chennai, although it seems that there is a good pickup in the 
job market there as well, but it’s not translating to the kind of demand that we have expected. So 
it’s been largely stable or we did not see any significant spike there. Kerala again, there is no big 
trigger like we have seen Bangalore, Pune or NCR. So there also it seems to be stable. 
[00:40:00] 
And these are the markets that we have seen and of course, we have also seen in 
[INDISCERNIBLE 00:40:13] City, we have a small project there, that also has seen good uptick 
in the volumes. 
TRISHA:  Got it. Yeah. Just getting back to the audience and checking if anybody has any 
questions at this point. If not, maybe I can ask one final from my end. I would just want to go 
back to my concentration question, and would want to understand your views or thoughts 
regarding the mortgage rate movements, and do you think that is going to impact the man per se, 
any risk from customer perspective? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  The interest rate increase has occurred recently. After the 0.5% increase, 
we have not seen significant change in the way customer has been thinking. And second, even 
with the recent 0.5% increase, I think that’s -- a percentage increase probably is the other side of 
the demand growth and confidence that we are looking at. Probably it might not dent or miss 
sway customers as much, but that’s something that we have to wait and watch. I don’t have 
enough data to see how it’s going to -- how and how much, how it’s very clear probably to have a 
negative effect, but how much. I don’t think it should have so much impact considering that the 
outflow will typically on a per code basis, it will not increase more than 36,000 a month and the 
salary increases and the kind of savings that people had and to put in as down payment. So, I 
think that’s not going to impact as much. But what is -- I would like to actually wait and watch 
more on not on the impact of the interest rate increases, but it is through the increase in the 
pricing that we have done. 
TRISHA:  Just a reminder that we have last 15 minutes for the session left and if anybody has 
any questions can go ahead. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Are you sure we have no further questions, we can wrap it up? 
TRISHA:  Sure. So, with interest of time, any closing remarks you would want to make before 
we close the session? 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Yes, Trisha. So, like I mentioned in the initial remarks, our emphasis will 
be on [INDISCERNIBLE 00:43:30] wherein we are very clear that we would like to have a very 
strong cashflow management system which has helped us in the last two to three years and 

9 
Morgan Stanley Virtual India Summit 2022 - 09 June - Shobha 1pm session.mp3 
Morgan Stanley  
June 9, 2022 
Transcript by TransPerfect 
will continue to pursue that while we are also pursuing now from year on, a growth plan as well. 
So, the launch pipelines that we have are reasonable -- if they have reasonable visibility to that 
and I think we will be able to clearly achieve those some kind of -- on similar kind of numbers 
and which would result again in good cashflows. And from business perspective, it seems to be a 
very robust market with respect to demand and the way we are able to even sell, collect and also 
the way we are able to, even execute now, because largely operational challenges that we had 
encountered in the last couple of years also have reduced. So, hence, our ability to spend more 
and get corresponding milestone payments and also complete our obligations in terms of 
deliveries for the customers, all of them seem to be going very strong on all trends. So, that’s on 
the real estate trend. In addition to this, of course, we are doing far more activity in terms of new 
business development and also consolidation that we have in the land bank. 
[00:45:07] 
Coupled with this, in both our manufacturing and contractual businesses, we have good pipeline 
in both order book and the demand that we are seeing. So, that also seems to be going well. So, 
with that, I think we are reasonably stable and we have good visibility for the near to medium 
term. 
TRISHA:  Thank you, that was very helpful. So, thank you very much [INDISCERNIBLE 
00:45:39], and thank you everybody else for joining. Have a wonderful day. 
YOGESH BANSAL:  Thank you. 
PRATIK:  Thank you. 
TRISHA:  Thank you. 
[00:46:11] 
