  
TNPL 
Tamil Nadu Newsprint and Papers Limited 
(A Govt. of Tamil Nadu Enterprise) 
Regd. Office 
: 67, Mount Road, Guindy, Chennai 600 032 Phone 
: (91) (044) 22301094-97, 22354415-16 & 18 
Fax 
: 22350834 & 22354614 Web: www.tnpl.com Email 
: response@tnpl.co.in, export@tnpl.co.in 
TNPL - The Corporate Indentity Number : L22121TN1979PLC007799 
  
  
  
Date: 10" June, 2022 
  
 
 
  
To 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
National Stock Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
| (NSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Listing Department 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Exchange Plaza, Sth Floor, Plot No. C/1, G 
Mumbai- 400001 
Block, BandraKurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
. 
Mumbai — 400051 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: 
Disclosure 
under 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, we enclose herewith the Transcript of the meeting 
with Investors/ Analysts organized on 3 June, 2022 by M/s. Sunidhi Securities & 
Finance Limited, Mumbai — 400 055 at Hotel Grand Hyatt, Kalina, Santacruz East, 
Mumbai — 400 055. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamil Nadu Newsprint and Papers Ltd. 
‘ 
. ThamizHselvan 
| 
|i roan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a. 
Factory 
: Kagithapuram-639 136, Karur District, Phone 
; 04324-277001 to 277017 Fax 
: (91) 04324-277025 to 277029 
  
 

TRANSCRIPT OF THE PHYSICAL GROUP MEETING OF 
TAMILNADU NEWSPRINT AND PAPERS LIMITED 
WITH INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS 
HELD ON: 
34 June, 2022 @ 10.00 AM To 12.30 PM 
VENUE: 
Hotel Grand Hyatt, 
Kalina, Santacruz East, 
Mumbai — 400 055 
MANAGEMENT REPRESENTED BY: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Sl 
Name 
Designation 
No. 
1 
Thiru. S. Krishnan, |.A.S., 
Chairman and Managing Director 
2 
Thiru SVR Krishnan 
Executive Director (Operations) 
3 
Thiru Santosh Wakhloo 
Executive Director (Marketing) 
4 
Tmt. Sathya Ananth 
General Manager (Finance) & 
Chief Financial Officer 
5 
Thiru. B. Thamizhselvan 
Company Secretary 
 
 
  
ORGANISED BY: 
M/s. Sunidhi Securities & Finance Limited, 
8" Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, 
Opp. Grand Hyatt Hotel, 
Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 055 
Page 1 of 14 
 

QUESTION 1: 
How does 
Capital 
Program 
impact 
your 
production 
efficiency 
and 
in 
terms 
of 
operating margin? 
ANSWER: 
The 
first question 
is on 
the capital program which we outlined here that capital 
program has been virtually completed. There's just one small bit left which is the wet 
lap machine which has to be implemented. 
The original anticipated costs of that program was about 1150 crores eventually in 
the end we have spent including IDC and 
all other elements, about 1330 crores 
there's been a slight cost overrun because of COVID and other circumstances there 
has been a time move around as well. Some elements got added during the process 
and everything. 
This 1330 cross has been fully funded primarily through Bank loan, at that point we 
did 
not issue additional equity 
or any equity investment, 
it was through 
internal 
generation and bank loans. But as you can see, of course we have outstanding debt 
of about 2220 crores. Some of it is outstanding from continuing previous expansion 
program, and this is for the present program which we have a 
Spill off. 
We 
have 
also 
prepaid 
proportion 
of that 
last year because we 
recovered 
the 
outstanding payments both from the market and from government suppliers so that's 
how we've been able to bring down the debt. 
So this part of the capital expansion which 
| spoke about 
is been fully completed. 
There are future capital expansions planned which we 
will sort 
of analyze what 
needs to be done. Originally, the mill expansion plan, which was approved, had two 
phases. This was the first phase. There was also a second phase. There might be 
some rethink as to what should be the elements of the second phase. 
That is something the board is yet to seriously debate and take a decision once we 
have an outline of what that program needs to be we can have an understanding of 
what the capital requirement they would need because we have land, we have other 
facilities and based on that capital requirement appropriate funding mechanism may 
be decided. 
So, 
but for what has already been taken up the wet lap machine also should be 
completed by the end of this month, so the project should be fully done now and this 
has been fully funded through a combination of debt and loans. 
Page 2 of 14

QUESTION 2: 
What is the impact? 
ANSWER: 
Yeah, the impact fundamentally, as 
| told you during the presentation also is that we 
will get about 400 tons per day of pulp, hardwood pulp, and that should make 
a 
significant difference 
to 
the 
cost 
at which 
we 
are 
able 
to 
produce 
particularly 
cupstock and other forms of folding boxboard (FBB) so for both of those there should 
be 
a significant cost reduction and we should be able to make significantly larger 
margins on the board products. 
In addition we would also have, depending on the product mix, some surplus pulp 
leftover, about 5200 tons of pulp which will be leftover which we can then transport to 
Unit 
1 
and substitute 
it for more expensive say waste paper prices are 
to come 
down, we want to substitute the pulp with this, we would be able to do atleast some 
extent cost saving. 
So 
it will have 
a significant cost saving for us. So which 
is why 
| said this year is 
likely to be the significantly a good year from cost perspective. 
If the final end market 
holds up, then we should really do well, and especially in the packaging segment 
it 
looks like the market is very nice. 
See 
if we look at the current scenario, cost have gone haywire and our pulp mill is 
getting operational at the right point in the sense that 
if we import pulp 
it could be 
somewhere upwards of 75 to 77 thousand rupees 
a ton and the pulp that we will 
produce will be substantially cheaper. 
So while yes the top line would not increase unless we have surplus pulp which we 
will sell in the market but on the cost curve it is substantial sales. 
QUESTION 3: 
This is Saubhin Chaudhary from J K Security Services. 
| had a few questions on the 
raw material side. Given the current coal prices, does 
it make sense to buy out 
baggase or still hold or does it not make any difference? 
Secondly, 
| think you were thinking about procuring domestic coal. So 
is there any 
progress on that? And what 
is the coal requirement per ton 
of pulp? And 
| think 
currently you are using 42Kcal get 5000Kcal that used 
to do earlier. So does 
it 
require say 20% more coal to get the same kind of the pulp? 
ANSWER: 
Only specific technical consumption, 
I'll ask my ED operations to intervene, but on 
the overall issue on bagasse, you see, the point 
is that we have some flexibility, 
Page 3 of 14

there were 
not complete flexibility. There are two sugar mills where we actually 
operate their boiler for them, which means that it's our responsibility to bring 
in the 
coal, so there we have to necessarily take the baggase. There is no other option. At 
other locations also we have a long term understanding, but we have some flexibility 
because we can tell them saying ok go an bring your own baggase don't give 
it to us 
because the coal prices are simply not affordable or coal is difficult to access. 
It was 
a much tighter situation that is feasible now. So that is the position as far as bagasse 
as is concerned. 
It is dynamic and we have to keep an eye on 
it as 
| told you in the 
longer term, what happens with the sugar industry in Tamil Nadu and or at least you 
know, sort of the radius of about 400 
- 500 kilometers around the project site is very 
critical because that is the transportation distance. Maximum transportation distance 
between 
the 
existing 
mills 
are 
all 
within 
about 200-250 
Kilometres 
there 
is 
a 
possibility of transporting some bagasse say from southern Karnataka, and so on, 
but that also has cost implications so we have to look at that in terms of the extent to 
which we can consume baggasse, but we don't want to give up that option just yet, 
it 
gives us flexibility. This year we saw that because of coal price increase, baggasse 
became expensive. Because of non availability of the waste paper, 
pulp became 
expensive, but 
it can change. 
| mean these situations can change, which 
is why we 
are investing in both, so that we have an optimal mix of all of this. 
On the specific question of coal and what is the kind of recovery we are getting, 
| just 
request my EDO to answer. 
Morning to 
all. See all of us we understand that India 
is a fiber material importer. 
That's why your question 
on 
this forum 
is very very relevant, 
pertaining 
to 
raw 
material. Where every person 
in 
the country 
is talking about the 
raw materials 
sustainability. Now the point 
is, CMD very clearly explained the flexibility what we 
have in TNPL is with three main streams of pulp. You have the option of increasing a 
particular grade of pulp and decreasing a particular grade of pulp depending on the 
raw material cost. 
| will give you a simple number. The pulp raw material. Which we call 
it as a white 
recycle based. Which used to be imported 
in the country. Like $185 to $210. Today 
the same raw material you're coming from overseas market is around $540. 
In the 
domestic supply, whatever the pulp waste, whatever the waste which we used to get 
around 22,000 Rupees per ton Today we are getting 
it almost At 40,000 rupees per 
ton. This 
is the cost for the real cost escalation. Now, based on that, you operate 
whether we need to make 300 tons of pulp or you need to jack up the hardwood pulp 
production. That is what the decision on day to day basis. 
Point no. 2 is the coal. When we buy through barter system, there are two. 
One 
is 
we give coal we get pulp. 
The other one is we operate the boiler in their place and 
give steam, they give bagasse. Then the steam and bagasse and the coal and 
bagasse 
it is through the efficiency like .5. 
It operates that way. 
Your question also why don't we have a barter bagasse rate as the coal prices are 
going up. Especially when the coal prices where $60-$70 and right up to almost like 
$210 we did that. Instead of just you know giving through the barter system. There is 
no coal to operate our own power, but we try to operate the TGS. How can 
| just 
send the coal outside to get some bagasse? So what we did at that time is 
it is the 
Page 4 of 14

right of the give the pulp to Unit 2 then reduce the bagasse slightly slow so that your 
coal outflow is not much. 
And secondly, as you rightly said, we started buying coal from nearby non tied up 
sugar mills that means outright purchase. 
Now the point 
is that you are buying 
it from 
a non tied up sugar mill there's an 
unwanted material like what you have in the pulp like that the pith which is unwanted 
material 
in the bagasse which 
is not required. So the depithed pulp 
is very, very 
important, so the tied up sugar business they are all well organized and they used to 
have 
a 
very good 
depithed 
bagasse which 
will 
be compacted 
and 
bailed 
and 
transported very efficiently to the mill. 
When 
| go to the bartered bagasse through non tied up sugar mills in Tamil Nadu or 
the nearby states like 
in Karnataka and they don’t have depithed bagasse. 
In fact 
company wherever we have tied up sugar mill we have put our depither and we have 
put our people to operate boilers. And we have that full control, so the yield of the 
bagasse is much, much superior when we have such a control and take 
it from the 
tied up sugar mills. So this we always equate when we go for the outright purchase 
from the market and we equate the texture so that we can go with the pricing. 
Normally it is all available at 3600 to 4000 rupees, sometime during 18-19 the prices 
even went up to 6000 plus, So 
it is always like a month to month, we forecast what is 
the yield and we purchase that. 
So your question is Yes, 
it is being practiced and 
it is not just like that always we do 
the barter system 
in coal and then we buy bagasse. 
It's 
a very dynamic situation 
depending on coal availability, coal price and bagasse availability. 
Point no. 3 what you asked about the coal consumption. Today typically about 1400 
tons of paper production. We have almost 1200 tons of coal which 
is required. We 
do that today, but that is inclusive of even some of the ancillary setup whatever not 
only for papers. 
Now, the consumption of coal is for what purpose? Now according to the B question 
A is absent the B 
is every ton of coal will generate for steam. Steam is needed for 
deinking or drying the paper etc., 
So the requirement of coal everyday for TNPL today is almost 1600 to 1800 tons per 
day. So my requirement will be around 6000 tons of Coal every month. 
International Coal that we buy is through a tender mechanism and the price reflects 
more or less what is happening in the international scenario. 
You asked for domestic coal as well. How are you getting there? We have requested 
the Singaneri collieries 
in Andhra and they have tried to do their best 
in terms of 
linkage coal. Of course they have a constraint because overall coal indusrty in India, 
the Power Ministry Government of India have taken a decision that first priority would 
be for power generation and other would be a second order. 
Page 5 of 14

So there is a bit of a challenge of regularly getting what we want from Singaneri often 
all we do get that rate structure. In addition, we participate in the call options, both of 
Singaneri and of Neyvelli Lignite corporations and on the last occasion 
| was told that 
the Actual auction went on for 15 hours before 
it finally got sold and on that basis, of 
course, definitely maybe is not too far away, but we have had to look at a Coal mix 
and 
it has definitely in the Unit 2 we have sort of made sure that the boiler design is 
such that we can accommodate varied fuels, including other renewables. We've also 
bought Rice husk and variety of raw materials which we can actually burn 
in the 
module, because 
| think now fortunately Coal is not a crisis situation, but about three 
months ago 
it was really a crisis situation. 
We are trying to get up to 60,000 tons 
allocation from Singaneri also 40,000 allocation from NLC. So now 
the imported 
coal dependence has come down from 85 to almost like 70. 
The second point, what is very important is because we have a Baggasse pulp mill. 
Whatever the pith the unwanted material which 
is getting generated that is getting 
dried 
up and then fired back. The 
pith 
is also being 
fired. That 
is, there we got 
awarded for key circular economy. 
Today the world is circular economy model and bio circle economy after buzzwords. 
And TNPL has been awarded because 
it's the only paper Mill 
in Asia having 
a 
Cement plant to convert the solid waste into a by product. 
Now coming back to fuel sustainability. When 
| talked about the Plth, the other one, 
now what we are now exploring the case, there are coir available from Kerala. And 
second thing 
is we also have huge plantation and we have the pulp wood which 
is 
getting harvested and debarked and given to the pulp mill for making pulp. What 
we're trying to do is you tie 
it up with the farmers so that the entire tree is put into use 
by TNPL and that will give us alternate fuel from our own source. So these are all the 
various measures which have already taken. So actually the coal consumption 
is 
coming down. 
QUESTION 4: 
Would 
it be correct to say that the coal cost in this quarter would not be significantly 
higher than what you had in the fourth quarter? 
ANSWER: 
In fact, 
it should be significantly lower. That is what we expect. 
| mean 
it has come 
down. 
QUESTION 5: 
Good morning Sir. Arun Kejriwal here. So 
| wanted to understand when you make 
paper from wood pulp you would get a much better quality paper. What kind of price 
realization increase would you get when you use it for making paper board? 
Page 6 of 14

ANSWER: 
Bagasse pulp cannot be normally used 
to make packaging board. So 
if we use 
recycled 
pulp 
the 
realizations 
would 
be 
lowered 
by 
at 
least 
8 
to 
9 
rupees, 
fundamentally, because that could be considered as a recycled. 
Whereas 
if you were to blend bagasse and wood based pulp, the realizations would 
be lower by one rupee, 21.50 paisa #2. 
It would give lead to higher turnover, not 
production. 
Yeah, that was the point 
| also made saying that the significant change from previous 
years is that we have our own Pulp and the cost of that pulp is also because earlier 
depending 
partly 
on 
recycled 
material 
and 
partly 
on 
imported 
pulp. 
Now 
our 
dependence on imported pulp is lesser and therefore we should be able to make a 
significantly higher contribution during the current year. 
QUESTION 6: 
So one more question, in terms of positioning of our paper, our quality, the price that 
we can generate. 
| mean we have one or two competitors who make quality, which 
would be acceptable either in the domestic market or in the export market. Where 
could you put us put us? 
ANSWER: 
Let me split 
it into different categories, one which gets 
it to the notebook segment 
and the other which gets into the books and the normal textbook segment. Looking 
at packaging boards in terms of price realizations as or take 
in the market, we would 
be the leader. 
| would say even better than the next best 
in the marketplace. 
In 
terms of writing printing in the book segment 
1.5 to 2% lower than the competitor in 
terms of realizations. We are India's only Mill where we make close to about 1200 
tons of paper every day, so 
if there's a large, tender or large requirement no mail in 
the country will be able to supply that kind of volumes to a customer. So one can 
definitely leverage that also to your advantage. 
Whereas our quality is not as good 
as our competitors but in terms of size we are able to command higher premium. 
Today's world the fact that we use we recycled pulp, the fact that we use bagasse, 
the fact that we have more environmentally friendly option also gives us premium. 
QUESTION 7: 
The mills in north and central India are able to use other Agri products. 
Is there any 
possibility of be exploring something 
on 
that front as well? Looking 
at the tight 
position of raw material. 
Page 7 of 14

ANSWER: 
See, 
| mean this 
is something which keeps coming up and this is something which 
we keep researching all the time, because like 
| said, we've already diversified into 
three and we don't want to just stay there. 
| don't want to rule out that possibility. 
There's 
also constant pressure 
because, 
you 
know, 
we 
are 
partly government 
owned, so you know people do come up and give us ideas. Saying can you use Rice 
straw? Can you use another material? So we keep testing and figuring. Out which 
other Material is possible to use and 
if something works. There's no reason why we 
won't. 
QUESTION 8: 
Yeah 
hi. 
I'm Abhishek. Regarding the margins so prior to commissioning of your 
packaging board line, you used to make margins. And 
| understand that pipeline was 
not commissioned. So now in January you commissioned and 
| understand that the 
pipeline, and if you are seeing the full benefit of the pipeline from April. 
ANSWER: 
Yes, certainly the line 
is now finally stabilized on the production front. Everything 
is 
OK. There are wonderful mechanical issues which are getting resolved as we speak, 
so we are on 
a number of days able to achieve production 
in excess of 400 tons. 
And 
| am assured by the technical experts that the quality of the pulp which comes 
out is second to none. So we are getting very high quality pulp because the quality of 
the equipment is really cool. As was already established or emphasize, everything 
within that all the chemical processes are circular processes. So we are getting the 
desired production and we expect that's why we expect the contributions towards 
significantly during the current financial year we should see the benefit of that. See 
part of the benefit has also been offset cause of other costs like you know, various 
other factors and chemicals. Chemical prices have also gone up, 
| think we should 
see 
a substantially improved contribution because 
| think one of the reasons why 
EBIDTA margins during 21-22 were hit, not just because of covid problems but also 
with not having your own pulp, but also the fact that all other raw material costs also. 
QUESTION 9: 
Regarding supply chain 
and any turbulence 
in terms 
of sourcing wood chips 
or 
bagasse or water? 
ANSWER: 
See wood chips are our own So that is not an issue. Water is also not an issue. 
Page 8 of 14

You know different years, different challenges are coming. A few years ago we had a 
challenge with water. Luckily, right now we have no challenges with water. Even this 
year, in fact, the main dam in Tamil Nadu Mettur Dam, water was released ahead of 
the normal date. 
| think we've insulated ourselves a fair bit on the waterfront, so right 
now for the next 18 months 
| don't see a real challenge on water and 
it has not been 
a challenge in the apast 2-3 years also. 
On the wood chips front also we do not see 
a problem our plantation activity has 
been one of our real success stories 
in the Last 4-5 years, we've raised extensive 
plantations 
with 
farmers. 
Our 
relationship 
with 
farmers 
has 
also 
improved 
significantly And 
this 
on 
A very sound footing, and because we're able 
to pay 
promptly, and we prioritize that, 
it means there's no diversion of the wood which 
is 
grown for TNPL. Plus we have a steady source of supply from the Terminal forest 
Corporation and they have a program of actually clearing You know monocultures at 
different locations, including the eucalyptus and so on, which can which 
is Going to 
be useful for us. We also buy from Andhra, the AP Power Forest Corporation and the 
Kerala Forest Corporation. 
So there's a fair bit of wood available from here. So 
| think on the wood chips side we 
are comfortable. There's no, we don't anticipate we have planned for 
it well and we 
continue to monitor it as well. 
On the chemical side also, we've been sort of watching 
it closely. It's been the price 
which is the issue, but chemicals per say should not be an issue. 
Pulp, the small quantity of pulp, which may we may have to import for certain grades 
of the packaging board may continue to be 
a bit of a challenge, but that we have 
taken a conscious decision 
if you want to dominate the market in certain segments 
then whatever the cost we will Import in coal. 
Coal, of course, 
is anybody's guess, and that is the real challenge. But there again, 
we're trying to diversify. As 
| said, various forms of buying mass domestic coal lignite 
and so on. These domestic coal they seem to be showing some signs of easing up. 
Plus, you know we're we are also exploring imported coal from broader markets. We 
looked 
at possibility with the Australian Coal for the possibility with South African 
coal and with the Australian Coal an FDA will be signed. So the rate of possibilities 
which we are constantly exploring. 
QUESTION 10: 
First question was on our overall requirement of the raw material, which you just 
informed so broadly. 
Second was yesterday we met JK Paper and we're trying 
to understand 
on the 
packaging side of it. 
So the 40% 
of their raw material they are importing 
it from the colder countries 
outside because the requirement they don't get 
it. So for us. Are we doing that 
because there are prices have increased by 10-15% there? So how are? We placed 
there. And are we? Getting that much of price from the market? 
Page 9 of 14

ANSWER: 
I'll just quickly answer the broader points and then ask ED Operations to answer the 
rest. The broader point 
is, 
| think, with the increase 
in capacity right now we are 
comfortably provided for. We don't have to import any pulp at all, it's only for certain 
bands or certain types of packaging material where we may need the softwood pulp 
which we will have to import so that is where there is a requirement. 
Pulping capacity in a future expansion to address that is also something which is in 
in the long term planning, but in the immediate term 
it is fundamentally making sure 
that we have a supply chain which 
is tide up and we get that. And as we've already 
emphasized. We are confident that at all costs is uniform to everybody in the market 
and we should be able to pass through that to be consumers. So that is where we 
stand. 
Yeah, 
if you talk about the raw material. OK, we for both the plants we require almost 
like 1,000,000 tons. 
We have a very clear target with almost 2600 farmers and we 
have 
tie 
with 
all 
other government TAFCORN 
resources 
and 
we 
are 
quite 
comfortable and we also have captive plantation and using the farmers own land and 
we also take the land on lease and also we have a 
lot of plantation on the unused 
lands owned by various temples. 
Answer to your question is also very similar now that we have an enhanced funding 
capacity of hardwood pulp, our cost structure should significantly come down and the 
contribution to the overall EDBITA should significantly increase. 
QUESTION 11: 
The second phase 
of expansion 
capitals would 
be towards the packaging 
both 
instead of paper, so can you give update on? 
ANSWER: 
We have not yet taken any decision on that matter. The original decision of the board 
was that the second phase would be for a paper machine. But 
it depends on market 
conditions. 
QUESTION 12: 
How much hard wood pulp is required for producing a board. 
ANSWER: 
There are different types of paper boards. So there are different varieties for paper 
boats and based on that, our hardwood pulp is utilized in a particular mix. 
Page 10 of 14

QUESTION 13: 
Help us understand the per ton cost breakup 
ANSWER: 
Wood 
would 
be 
somewhere 
between 
32 
to 
35 
rupees. 
Baggasse 
would 
be 
somewhere around 37 to 38 or 39 to 40 rupees. Important hard wood 
it would be 
somewhere around 80 bucks. And imported BCTMP would be something around 72 
to 73 bucks. 
QUESTION 14: 
Can you just share the outlook overall on the demand supply pricing environment? 
How sustainable do you think this is the current tightness? 
ANSWER: 
See your guess is as good as mine, but you know I'm just coming back from Europe 
and there were some things the general public feel that 
| get from people who are 
talking about 
it is that the outlook for the packaging materials definitely by brighter 
only outlook for paper 
| mean that Is the broad sense that 
| get Now how good your 
product is and you know what exactly is the demand and how which product prevails 
and things are difficult. But 
| think there's a significant opportunity and the opportunity 
is what the company is trying to make the best of. 
So especially on the packaging board. There's a significant opportunity on the paper 
side again this year. We've, 
| mean, right now we see a boom in the market and we 
have a fortunately as TNPL. We also have a steady market in terms of the textbooks 
and so on, so that gives us a certain amount of stability. So 
| would say that broadly 
for the company. The outlook is. Very positive and 
| would. 
| would think that we are 
placed at about the best situation we've been in for the past three or four years and 
it's really up to us to actually make 
it work in our favor, provided of course that there 
are no external forces and suddenly there is not another any any of these. Could not 
have been anticipated last year.We could not anticipate covid we couldn't anticipate. 
The geopolitical tensions in Europe, so we don't know what will play out at what time. 
So even take out all those uncertainties right now, things. Are looking good. 
QUESTION 15: 
Last year you had a good amount of export, what is the position this year? Do we 
have contracts with people? 
Page 11 of 14

ANSWER: 
No, we don't have contracts with people we would normally rebooking kind of one 
month, 
1 1/2 months type. 
But overall, 
if you want to look at this year 22-23. You will 
find exports to have shrunk over last year. 
QUESTION 16: 
In spite of the freight rates being so high, How come the demand in the market? 
ANSWER: 
Freight 
rates 
is 
the 
question 
of 
relative 
Freight 
rates 
and 
relative 
competitive 
intensity. Because landed costs over becomes cheaper for TNPL and the global 
shipping crisis has been extremely beneficial for the Indian paper industry. 
QUESTION 17: 
What is the payback that we can actually see? 
ANSWER: 
See, 
| think the way to look at 
it is that a significant offsetting of imported pulp will 
take place for unit 2 which is towards the Board and that is where we will see the big 
cost saving. Some of the materials, some of the excess material beyond what we 
use here would be available for replacing either deinked pulp or bagasse pulp at Unit 
1, but that will be the smaller proportion, but 
| think the big cost saving will actually 
take place in the board plant and that is going to be the significant gain that we will 
see. 
We are looking at it fundamentally and is delivering significant positive benefits in the 
current year definitely and 
in the years to come yes certainly. Whether 
it will pay 
back within two years, 
| would not hazard a guess right now. 
It all depends on. As he 
said, relative prices, right but? Given the 
current scenario given. Where the prices 
are various 
items. 
If the current scenario continues. 
For 
a little 
longer, 
yes, 
the 
payback. Will be faster. 
QUESTION 18: 
Seeing 
all 
the lockdown 
restrictions 
being 
lifted, schools opening 
office 
places, 
opening, we see some kind of demand in the paper consumption. So sir if you could 
kindly on the goal part of volume versus value. What we can see 
in the current 
financial year? 
Page 12 of 14

ANSWER: 
Since then we can get volume growth. Increase in volume for writing, printing in the 
in 
India somewhere around 4% per annum. But the tonnage might not be 4%. 
It 
might be 3, three and a half percent, because people tend to downsize only GSM. 
Value would have gone up by for first April you can say about 18 on somewhere 
around 260.00 that is 30% that's the value. Normally July, August are slightly lean for 
the writing printing season because 
all the textbooks, notebooks are 
all done and 
sent to the children from August May onwards, the next season starts. 
Packaging side 
is slightly more chaotic so typically increases every slightly more 
because the pulp prices gone up my side. 
QUESTION 19: 
When has the price hike has been? 
ANSWER: 
It has been done in the last two months. 
QUESTION 20: 
What is your supply arrangement with the Kerala paper products? 
ANSWER: 
We don't have a supply arrangement with Kerala Paper Products. We have our own 
requirements but since 
it was a 
specific request for assistance saying that we have 
to start 
it up and we desperately need some pulp to start the process, we sold them 
some pulp. 
QUESTION 21: 
What was the quantum of price hike in Q4? 
ANSWER: 
About Five percent. 
QUESTION 22: 
Is there adequate stock in the system or we are still on the lighter side? 
Page 13 of 14

ANSWER: 
At the trade level they would have about 6 to 7 days. That is also a lot of speculative 
stock. So we're just keeping three to four days inventory and 
at the 
at the end 
customer level which is a converter level of the printer level again there is virtually no 
stock. 
CONCLUSION: 
So 
let me thank Sunidhi for having organized this event and you know, 
| mean, | 
should complement each of you. 
| mean, frankly, 
| always wonder about the magic of 
markets and the magic of Bombay and Mumbai's market. And now 
| understand how 
serious this business is. 
| and most of my life 
| have actually been the Government 
side and I've attended many events and various other things even when we talked to 
them about investments in the state of investments in the country. There isn't such a 
serious bunch 
of people taking serious Notes and asking very serious questions. 
Even to invest in one company and one paper Company about 40 or 50 of you and 
with such rapt attention is quite remarkable, so 
| must really complement each one of 
you for being thorough professionals in whatever you do, 
|. Only wish we. Had more 
of you to do broader. Investment issues and not just 
in 
in terms of stocks of one 
company, but. 
| mean 
I, 
| speak of that from a broader experience, but let me thank 
each one of you for the very, very perceptive and insightful questions, many of which 
we could not probably satisfy you with. The exact answer that you were looking for, 
but that 
is the nature of our business in. Terms of the limitations we face. Yes, but 
thank you again for everything that you've asked. 
| can only assure you one thing but 
didn't pull in spite of having a 35% shareholding from the government of Tamil Nadu 
is a completely professionally run company which is very, very conscious of the fact 
that 
it is listed on the stock market, very, very conscious Of the fact that 
it needs. To 
deliver value. To all its stakeholders which includes all the investors in the company. 
And 
it is. Is run with a very strong and independent board, which holds us to account 
at every turn, and they're very conscious that as a management team we need to 
deliver to all of these expectations and that is something that we will continue to be 
conscious of in the days to come. Thank you all once again. 
KRERKERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERER 
Page 14 of 14
