GUJARAT INDUSTRIES POWER COMPANY LTD. 
Regd. Office: P.O. Ranoli - 391350, Dist. Vadodara, Gujarat - INDIA 
CIN:L99999GJ1985PLC007868 
Ref. :2022/SE/Letter _Analyst Meet_Transcript 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Ltd. 
1't Floor, New Trading Ring 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai: 400001. 
Scrip Code: 517300 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
Date: 13th June, 2022 
The General Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
"Exchange Plaza", C-I, Block 'G', 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai: 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: GIPCL. 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015. 
Sub: Transcription of conference call held on 07th June, 2022 
With reference to our Letter dated 04th June, 2022 regarding Conference Call scheduled on 
07'h June, 2022, post declaration of Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Year 
ended 31't March, 2022, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcription of 
Conference Call held on 07'h June, 2022. The aforesaid information is also disclosed on the 
website of the Company at www.gipcl.com. 
Kindly take the above on your records and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
Forr Gujarat Industries ~o~~
er c~; pany Ltd. 
v 
(I: 
RMlr 
f 
DI 
CA K K B att 
'Iv, If~~l 
GM (Finance & HR&A) a,ncl)gO 
" 
Encl.: As above 
Regd. Office & Vadodara Plant: 
P.O. Ranoli - 391 350, Dist. Vadodara, Gujarat - INDIA 
Phone: EPABX (0265) 2232768 Fax: 2230029 
Email: investors@gipci.com 
Website: www.gipcl.com 
Surat lignite Power Plant: 
Village: Nani Naroli, Tal. Mangrot, Dist: Surat 394110 Gujarat, INDIA 
Phone: EPABX (02629) 261063 to 261072 Fax: 2610BO 
Email : genslpp@gipcl.com 

"Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
Q4 & FY2022 Post Results Conference Call" 
MANAGEMENT: 
June 07, 2022 
SHRI K. K. BHATT - GENERAL MANAGER & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - GU.JARAT INDUSTRIES POWER 
COMPANY LIMITED 
Page I of 12 

K. K. Bhatt: 
Aushuman Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Anshuman Ashit: 
Dhruvesh Snnghavi: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Dhruvesh Sanghavi: 
K. K. Bh.tt: 
Dhruvcsh Sanghavi: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
~
) 
I, 
_( .V,; 
f 
C11 
. 
V. 
1. 
\ '/),!) 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07. 2022 
Good afternoon everyone. Anshuman can you open the Conference. Then I will give the specific 
remarks. That will be fine. 
Okay so shall we simi with the Q&A session directly 
Yes, we can sImi directly. 
Rituja we can start with the Q&A session. 
How are you and can you give the broad highlight or what is the status or the solar power project, 
the large solar power project that we arc undertaking? 
Basically, we have commenced I OO-megawatt Solar Project in the month of August last year and 
that project is now generating very well, above 30%, and we arc coming up with 2375 megawatt 
Khavda project. That is in the Project stage as of now. 
Sir,l was talking about the Khavda projects for further details, what has huppcncd in the last six 
months since the update that you gave us last time in the Con Call,if there are any meaningful 
updates there? 
It is basically not a one year down the line Project. It is down the lille fi ve-year Project with 
timeline of 50% completion by December 2024, and all the activities arc going on as per the 
schedule., i.e. geotechnical investiglltions, contour and topography survey, hydrology survey. etc. 
and Detail Project Report has already been submitted to Ministry of New & Renewable Energy 
(MNRE). PMC has already been I1nalized and we are working on Desalination plant for water 
requirement. 
Long Term Agreement (LTA) is signed for 600 megawatt with CTUIL. MNRE 
approval is received lor 2250 megawatt. These arc the progress as far as the schedu led timeline 
so everything is going as per the timeline process. 
Sure, thank you Sir. I wi ll join back the queue. 
Sir, my question is little bit lengthy but I will ask to the point. Sir, we are the asset-based 
company and at the current market price, the enterprise value is not more thall Rs. 1500 Crorcs 
white if we calcu late the replacement value o r the current operat ing capacity say Lignite 500-
MW, Wind 122 MW, Solar 262 MW tbe total is 884 MW and if I assign the value o f Rs.4 Crores 
per MW then the replacement va lue comes to Rs.3500 Crores? Current enterprise value is 58% 
discount to the replacement value? Sir we have installed 175 MW additional power plant during 
the period of 20 19 to 202 1 i.e. 75 M W earlier and then 100 MW in August 202 1, but at the same 
lime the stock price, the shareholder or investors are basically conccmed with the reward by the 
company and tbc wealth creation by company, we are generating enough cash and reinvesting for 
the pUllJose of expansion, but somehow the market is not giving the discount or we are not 
Page 2 of 12 

I(. 1(. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
I(. 1(. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
1(. I<. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
I(. I(. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
1(. I(. Bhatt: 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
conveying the right thing because the institutional investor which were holding say around 17% 
to 18% they would reduce the stake by 10% during this period? In such situation is it not 
advisable to conduct the one or two buyback consequently because we afC generating around 
Rs.300 Crores to Rs.350 C!'Ores cash prolit every year and suppose we utili ze that fund fhr lhe 
buyback so, rather than because we are more or less one and a half years cash flow investing for 
the lOO·megawatt project and it is not rewarding to the shareholder sufficiently at least because 
our price is around Rs.80 to Rs.85? I understand that the management is not much concerned 
about the share price, but about the efficiency and the management of the company, but we as 
shareholders arc not rewarded? Earlier the di vidend was Rs.2.90 paisa. Now it is Rs.2.50 paisa so 
what is the management thinking and I think rather than expanding even if we stop the further 
expansion then also we can generate the Rs.350 Crores cash flow fTom the current operational 
plant so is it not advisable to launch anything which rewards the shareholders? 
Thanks for your question. First of all, I would Like to say that basically we are putting our internal 
accruals in the expansion to build the asset, which in the future will help the company to grow 
further because as you may be aware that the whole technology and gas-based stations are no 
more in operation. ns, so we have to expand into the new area, new ventures, and new expansion 
then only the company can grow fUl1hel' that is the first thing. Second thing I would like to tell 
the share priee was around Rs.65 to Rs.67. it is now hovering Rs.80 to Rs.85. It is still better than 
the previous year what it was and that is basically not in our hand also, but what you arc telling is 
correct. We will try to do our best how we can help the shareholders ftll1her in the coming days 
with the new expansion and other things taking place. We will look into it surely. 
Sir in that connection I would like to ask how long the lignite power plant will be operational? 
Lignite power plullt lor 500 MW, additionally 20 years plus 10 years lignite reserves are 
available for the the lignite station, we do not have any issue as far as fuel is concern. 
Okay and can wc assulllC that it will be operational for the next 20 to 25 years at leas!? 
Yes definitely, It will be also into the process of extension of about 5 or 10 years depending upon 
thc availability of lignitc further .. 
But the current captive mines will support both the lignite plants to operate at full capacity? 
Yes, we have already available lign ite for plant upto PPA life. 
Sir, we have floated one tender for 75 MW additional Solar Power Phillts and for which I think 
the February was the last day, some February date? What is the status of that Project Sir? 
Your question is very val id, that was the lender for GUVNL 500-MW bidding. t hat wa.:; won by 
the other bidders al a very low price, however, we do not want compr9f1lis9 with! quality and 
Page 3 of 12 

Nilesh Doshi: 
1(. 1(. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
K. 1(. Bhatt: 
Nilcsh Doshi: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Vaibhav BadjatYII: 
K. 1(. Bhatt: 
I U 
R , l 
" r 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
profitabili ty and to go below certain level so now we are thinking for this 75 MW expansion 
with some other modality wherein we can give it to out Promoters and that is in the process. It 
will be finalized within rew weeks. Thus wc are not doing the project through GUVNL, but we 
are doing it tor PSUs i.e promoters, tllat is in Ihe process. It will take a few weeks 01' so to 
materialize. 
Sir, though the lignite plant is available ror 20 to 25 years, but our all-new expansion will be in 
the renewable field? Is it okay, is my understanding correct? 
Your understanding as of now is correct because currently renewuble is the only focus of the 
GUVNL as well as the Gujaral Government .. Looking at all we are rightl10w expanding only in 
renewable but as YOll may be aware the situation may change down the line two to three years, 
green hydrogen, ,battery storage and nil these things may corne into the picture so we will think 
at that time with the new expansion requirement looking at those aspects at that time .. 
And Sir gas-based plant are not working currently, will it be commenced or permanently we have 
closed down or what is the status of that plant? I know that the gas price is very high so it is not 
feasible to operate the gas plant, but suppose the gas price once again comes down then we will 
recommence or shutdown because otherwise also it is generating a very minimum protit fo r the 
company? 
The gas-based stations are totally debt free, depreciated. We are now preserving it 101' the future 
requirement because what we think one year or two years down the line, again it will be possible 
to nm the Station. That is why we are maintaining this Station in preservation mode. 
Right now the current year what is the capex expectation Sir? 
See the current year capex at Khavda would be around Rs.300 Crores for Solar Park 
Development per se because after the park project it will initially kick off so for the next 
financial year it would be first phase Park Development - Rs.300 Crores approximately plus 75 
MW is what we are thinking of, it would be around RsAOO Crores to Rs.450 Crores roughly. 
Sir thank you. 
Thanks tor providing the opportunity. So far out ofthis nearly RsAOO Crores of EBITDA that we 
have done during the year, would it be possible lor you to give the numbers in terms of how 
mueh was the loss on the Gas based Plant? How much was the profit rrom lignite, solar and wind 
separately? 
Basically gas-bused station was contributing around Rs.20 Crores to Rs.25 Crores. Right now i.e. 
for the current financial year it is not giving anything as such .. 
Page 4 of 12 

Vaibhav Badjatya: 
((. K. Bhatt: 
Vaibhav Badjntya: 
K. K . Bhatt: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
K. 1(. Bhatt: 
Va ibhnv Bndjatyn: 
Abhijeet Dey: 
K. ((. Bhatt: 
Abhijeet Dey: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Sir basically I just want the bifurcation of RsA06 Crores that we havc EBJTDA, how much is 
from lignite, how much is fro m solar, how much is from wind and obviously we wi ll have some 
losses of the gas-based station so if YOli can help liS with the specific nllmbcrs that wou ld be 
helpful for liS to understand? 
EBlTDA from the thermal would be around Rs.200 Crofes to Rs.2 15 Crores somewhere and 
from the wind and solar you can take it around Rs.200 Crores to Rs.220 Crorcs. 
Okay and I am sure that lignite and wind plants would be profitable for us, but in terms of PBT? 
In solar plant which plant is sti ll PBT negative for liS? How much of the capacity is sti ll negative 
on a rBT basis for solar which will eventually turn profitable as we pay orf debt and depreciation 
got reduced so I am sure it will turn prolitable, but as of now how much of the solar capacity is 
loss making in terms of PST? 
All the Solar Stations arc in positive state only because the tariff and what we are gett ing as tari ff 
vis a vis our cost all arc in positive state only. 
So currently also for FY2022 all the solar plants have contributed to PST or they have not? 
Yes all have contributed even the new 75 MW Solar Power Plant commissioned in August 202 1 
also contributed. 
So all the PBT is positive? Okay that is it from Illy side. Thank YO li. 
Oood afternoon gentleman just one question on your lignite power plant? I think the answer to 
the first question you are saying that you are more or less basically dependant on your own 
lignite mines, but in the past you had an occasion to buy lignite from outside? In fact in FY202 1 
you also got somc imported coal so how was it in FY2022 Sir? Were you completely dependent 
on your mines or you had to buy some from outside? 
Let me break your answer into pmis. For 202 1-2022 Lignite was supplied by our own mines. For 
the financial year we did not buy Lignite from outside, but the requirement year-an-year depends 
on the availability orthe location, land slide, and monsoon. AJI these are the geographical factors 
which arc affecting the production levels at the mines,. The year before last year there was an 
extended monsoon and heavy rainfal l. That was the reason we could noL source lignite fi'om the 
mines and to run our station we had to import a very minimal quantity, not very large. 11 is below 
10% or lhe total rcquirement. OIr CL is not much dependent on the imported coal. 
But in a normal state scenario what you are saying thai your own mines will be sufficient for 
your 500-megawatt power plant? 
Yes. 
Page 5 of 12 

Abhijeet Dey: 
VilltJl Shllh: 
K. K. Bhntt: 
Vipul Shnh: 
I<. K. B1lntt: 
Vipul Shnh: 
K. K. B1lntt: 
Vipul Shoh: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Vil",1 Shoh: 
K. K. B1,0U: 
Vipul Shah: 
I<. Ie B110tt: 
Vil,ul Shnh: 
Thank you very much. 
Gujaral Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Sir how many years of lignite reserves we have in our mjnes? 
The Phase I Dfthe Lign ite Plant (SLPP I) stao1cd way back in the year 2000 and Phase II (SLI'P· 
2) started in 2010. Still we have the available lignite to feed our power statioll for the next 30 
years. 
For next 30 years but the useflil life is only 17 to 18 years now? 
The useful life of first station is 30 years, that is around 2030, and another one that commissioned 
in 20 10 PPA for which shall expire in 2040, but we have the available lignite in the region will 
be increase the availability for another IO-ycar with life extension of SLPP I and we are also 
thinking for SLPP 2 life extension at 
Sir you said capex for Khuvda is uround Rs.300 Crores and another for 75 MW is also Rs.350 
Crores so how are we going to fund this Rs.650 Crores of capex for the next year? 
The Khavda project what I have informed is the capex ror thut solar park only per se and this we 
are going to fund it through our own internal accrual as well as we are goi ng to fund through debt 
also as per the requirement of the Project and we are also having that MNRE subsidiary fo r Solar 
Park Development per se @ 30%. 
Can you quantify that subsidiary in rupees of course? 
30% of the cost. 
30% of the cost, Rs.90 Crorcs YO li will get as subsidiary? 
Yes. 
So your contribution will be Rs.2 10 Crores only? 
Yes you can say our contribution is Rs.2 10 Crores and al the fagend we arc going to get the UDC 
up front developments charge from the project developer and the balancc we are going to fund it 
through our own as well as dcbt. 
So still sir l have not understood our role Khavda project so cntire infrastructure we have 10 
develop including roads, everything, and all ul'ilities everything we have to develop and we are 
going to get a fixed rate of return on that investment means how this arrangement works? 
Page 6 of 12 

1<. 1<. Bhatt: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
1<. 1<. Bhott: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
1<. I<. Bhatt: 
Vaibhnv Badjatya: 
1<. I<. Bhatt: 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Basically, Khavda Project is in t\vo Phases. One is lhe project and one is the park development 
per se, Park development we have to do and there also we are go ing to get certain relulll all our 
investment. 
Thanks for giving follow-up opportunity. Sir 1 understand last year we had faced replacement 
issues and that is why last year has not been normal in terms of profitability? Not for FY2023, I 
am talking about FY2024. which hopefully would be completely normal year for us? Based on 
the current capacities what kind of PST can we do if all the plants are kind of operating normally 
with normal capacity utilization? I just wanted to understand what kind ofPBT can wc do on this 
whole capacity that we have currently? 
Vaibhav thank you for your question, but in the current normaJ scenario since the Station lis not 
in operation, it would be in the range of Rs. 250 to 300 crores ror 2023-2024. Post 2024 capacity 
at K.havda and at reclaimed mining land will be added At that time, PBT will go up but right 
now for 2023-2024 it would be hovering bchvccn 250 to 300 crorcs. 
Okay Rs.250 to 300 crores, so Sir I do not understand it still? If 1 look at your historical results as 
I said in fY2024 everything will be normal? 1 am not talking about FY2023? FY2024 everything 
will be normal and if I compare with say the last time in FY2020 when we generated Rs.300 
Crores of profit while we did not have some of the solar plant operating so you are saying that by 
FY2024 as well those additional capacity will not be contribuling anything 10 profits because in 
March 2020 financial year in FY2020 also we generated Rs.300 Crores of PBT? 
If you look at the last year profitability there are two factors which has affected the prolitability 
ror the year per se that is Station I at Vadodara which is totally shutdown and technical issue at 
SLPP-I which has resulted into lower generation which lead to under recovery or Ii xed cost as 
per PPA. During 2020 the profitability fro m SLPP-I was better around Rs.40 crores and Station-
J contribution was around Rs20 to 25 crores. 
No. I am actually talking about Sir FY2020? I am talking about FY2020? FY2020 profit is 
Rs.300 Crores PBT right? I am talking about last-to-Iast year so h'lo years earlier March 2020 
our PBT was Rs.300 Crores and now in fY2024 also you are saying we will do Rs.250 Crores to 
Rs.300 Crores. Now in between FY2020 to FY2024 we added capacities on the solar front so 
basica lly what il means is that whatever addi tional capacities Ihat we have created YOll arc saying 
thaI will not be contributing anything? 
We were talking or 20 19-2020, I have look at it, there may be certain things which we have to 
sec into year wise what was the reason ,,,hy it is 305. 
Page 7 of l2 
P.l!. 
n 1[.101 
D 

Vnibhnv Bndjatyn: 
Dhl'uvesh SHnghnvi: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Dhruvesh Snnghnvi: 
((. K. Bhatt: 
Dhl'uYcsh Snnghnvi: 
K. K. Bhntt: 
I .. 
'1,,1 
J 
')1< 
• 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
During 2020 the profitability from SLPP-I was better around Rs.40 c rOfCS find Station-l 
contribution was around Rs.20 to 25 crores. Therefore the profitability of current year got 
impacted due to above two lactors during F.Y 202 1-22. 
S u ~, Sir no problem. We wi ll probably engage on this separately. That would be helpful. That is 
it from my side. Thank YOLI. 
Sir I have two questions. First is if we look at the last 5 to 10 years then for some reason or other 
thermal power plants were shutdown for two or three times, beam problem or technical issue, can 
we say Ihat over the next 5 to 10 years per plant shutdown will come for two to thrcc times? 
Your question is valid but it is all mechanical. We cannot predict. We are doing our best to 
maintain the availability of the station wilh annual overhauling and capital overhauling as may be 
required. but since the machines are old 20 years it may be possible to have technical issllcs and 
we are trying our best so that availability is not affected. 
I was not blaming, not from that point of view just from understanding point of view asking 
because the machines have become old, Ihat is a given fact? With Ihat understanding and also 
with the machines becoming old so whal has bcen the typical trend in a power plant so generally 
in 5 to 10 years Iwo to three shutdowns is common? 
What you are saying is absolutely correct. We are having our whole team to see how we can do 
all these activities as per the requirement and we are doing all these activities in a phased manner 
so that the production does nol get affecled and all these activities of renovation wherever it is 
required for replacement of spares I:Uld overhauling of machines as per OEM suggestions being 
can-ied out from time to time .. We are spending Crores of rupees into that 10 bring back the 
machines at the healthy level. We are doing in a phase manner annual overhauling, capital 
overhauling for all four units All these things are being taken care of by the team so that 
production is not impacted and machines are made available Jor the better performance. 
Right and Sir there was one question which I would like to reiterate again and hope if you can 
clarify that? 2017, 2018, 20 19 and 2020 broadly our profit before tax was approximately Rs.300 
Crores? After Ihat in the last two years we have added capacity on the solar side and a little bit on 
other capacities arc gcuing added on the solar apart from the ullra mega power solar park that we 
are building and slill we are saying thai our profit before tax will only be RsJOO Crores so Ihal is 
one place which YOll can give some broad !.hought, over the last four years what we have done on 
average and even with capacity added we are still in the same level that you are guiding liS, so I 
am 110 1 able to understand this? 
What you are saying is absolutely correct. In the phase mmmer since the last fOllr to five years 
gas-based stalions profitability is getting depleted year by year. Earlier it was contributing a lot 
Page 8 of 12 

Dhruvcsh Sn nghnvi: 
Nccraj Knmtckl1r: 
K. K. Bhntt: 
COml)nny Spea ker: 
Necrnj l(amteIUlr: 
Company Spe:lker: 
K. K. Bhntt: 
COlllIHlny Speal{er: 
Necraj Kamlel{ar: 
K. 1( . Bhntt: 
Neernj Kamteknr: 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
into the profitability bottom linc because the stations are totally debt free and depreciation free. It 
was adding to the bottom line very well, but with the reduction in availability of gas, the 
machines are not running at full capacity. Capacity wise fro m 90% it came dowil to 70% and 
50%. Now it is below 50% and for the last six months it is zero so now whatever is being added 
on the bottom line is zero from the gas-based station. The second point is SLPP the last two years 
because of Economizer Bcam replacement the SLPP-I is running at lower capaci ty .. Those issues 
have affected the availability of the station very much and that has impacted the fixed cost 
recovery per PP A. That was also the reason last two years, there was under recovery but now 
onwards we arc hopeful we will be back to the action in SLPP also. COV ID also adversely 
affected during last two years. Maintenance activities were affected. All the contract work men 
were not available and the Economizer Beam supply got delayed due to COV ID by three 10 four 
months. That has impacted Olll' Jixed cost recovery. All these adverse factors were there during 
last two years. 
Sure Sir. Thank YO li. 
Thank YO li for the opportunity. Sir how is the current energy demrllld and at what Plant Load 
Factor (PLF) lignite plants currently we are operating? 
I am putting it to our commercial head. She will be able to tell you at what level. 
At present, our availability from SLPP power plant is more than 75% for 250 megawatt and 
another 250 megawatt we have some constraints so it is operating at 60% availability level 
approximately 65%. 
What is the P LF? 
PLF is also around same like in our SLPP we are at the top oflhe merit order so OLir tlvailability 
as wcl1 as PLF both arc same. 
Bolh are above 75% you can say. 
For station one it is 65% approximately. For station two it is around 75%. 
So SLPP- I initially 75% plus? 
No SLPP-l is 65% because of beam isslle at unit I ofSLPI>· 1 We propose to replace it in the F.Y 
2022-23 in the month of July somewhere. That is the reason we are running that Station at a 
lower load. That is the reason, in SLPP I it is slightly lower at 65%, to 67% and SLPP 2 it is 
above 75%. 
And what is YOLi r current energy demand? 
Page 9 of 12 
/ I 
1 ( 
~A,Jr 
'I I 

K. K. Bhatt: 
Neeraj Knmtekllr: 
Vipul Shah: 
K.1(. Bhatt: 
Vip"1 Shah: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Vil)"1 Shah: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Vaibhav 8adjatya: 
I) 
( 
RP 
n 
GUjarat industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Current energy demand at the Load Dispatch Center of State is 19,000 to 20,000 MW 
Got it. Thank you. 
Sir my line was disconnected so my question was how arc we going to fund the Khavda project 
and another 75-MW project which you arc talking about so around Rs.600 Crores of capex? We 
aheady have certain borrowings so can you throw some light 011 this? 
This solar park project cost wou ld be around Rs.300 Crorcs for phase- I, out of this Rs.300 
Crores, 30% will be subsidiary from MNRE. Then 45% wilt be fimded through UDCU, however, 
we are going to sel l the park location. 15% will be equity contribution by OlPCL and 10% we are 
going to fund it by the debt. That is the total mechanism as of now and for 75 MW, RsAOO 
Crores to RsA50 Crores we are going to fund it by 70:30 mode i.e. 70% debt and 30% equity. 
So that 75 MW when it will· become operational? 
It will be operational down the line in 18 months YOLi can consider. 
18 months okay Sir? Thank you, Sir. 
Thanks for the follow-up, Just have last question Sir? Sir for FY2021 , I am not talking about 
FY2022? J am talking about FY2021 we operated our gas station pretty much I think around 56% 
PLF which is pretty much normal given its history and you need to do 165 megawatt of that 
anyway was shut down and it has been shut down for the last few years so FY2021 what is the 
PBT only for the gas based station because anyway you are saying it was completely written off 
in tenns or depreciation so in terms ofPBT what it would have contributed in FY2021 '? 
Basically ror gas-based stations, day by day, contribution by way of PBT is going down. It was 
contributing earlier in 2020-2021 up to around Rs.23 Crores but right now current year it is zero. 
Another reason I think you were asking about 20 19-2020 profitability was high. Current year 
why it is low, one of the reasons is this contribution from Station I is down by Rs.20 Crores to 
RS.25 Crores and there was under recovery of fixed cost at SLPP-l by around Rs.23 Crores plus 
certain expenditure incurred on maintenance during overhauling which wou ld be around Rs.IO 
crores additional for better lire orthe machines. All these have contributed around RsAO Crarcs 
together. Ir you add RsAO Crores plus Rs.25 Crores, Rs.65 Crorcs proJitability was washed away 
in the current year as compared to the financial year FY20 I 9-2020. 
Correct. That is what actually, I think that RS.25 Crores it was contributing to the profit that 
explains lot of things? I think that pretty mucb explains lot of entries in contribution wise not 
coming? That is it from my side. Thank YOLI. 
Page 10 of 12 

AnshulIllln Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
AIiShunJ1l1i Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Anshumlln Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
AnshuOIAn As hit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
AIiShuI1llln Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
AIiShUl1lltl1 Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Anshul1lft n Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Ans huOllll1 Ashit: 
Gujarat Indush'ies Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir my iiI's! qucstion is what has been our lignitc production in 
FY2022 and what is the target for FY2023? 
FY2022 production of lignitc? 
Sir you can tell both the ligurcs the production and consumption? 
It is 29 Jakh metric tonnes. 
This was the production for FY2022? 
Yes FY2022. 
Sir what is OUl' target for FY2023'1 
l3asically our rangc of prod ucti 0 11 requirement is 34 lakh mctric tonnes to run thc power station at 
a load r"clor of75 pilis al SLPP- I and 80%or SLPP-2. 
Sir just for my understanding do the regulations allow us to sell the lign ite to third party? 
No, we are not selling and we do not have the right to sale the lignite to third party because the 
captive mines has been given by the Government for the purpose of captive consumption in our 
plant only. 
The next question Si r the projects that we have, if I heard correctly you said that in FY2023 and 
FY2024 we will not be commissioning any capacity is that understanding correct? 
Yes. As of now, we will be targeting 75
M MW Solar Project. Down the line 18 months it will be 
operational so next financial year it will not add to the capacity and for Khavda initially we have 
to go with the Solar Prk Development and then the Power Project so there is no as of' now 
possibility of any addition in the next financial year. 
Sir if you can gu ide liS with the timelines for Khavda that will be helpful both for the solar park 
development and the capacity that you will be putting up by yourself as a developer? 
Basically, first of all we have to do this solar park development project completion. Then we m"e 
targeting the capacity addition at 2375 MW Solar Park. We are targeting at least 1500 to 1800 
capacity addition in the KJlavda location by our own in the next five to seven years down the 
line. 
Sir thc solar park development how much time wi ll it take? 
Page II of 12 
~
~~"r. 
_ 
"A 
r 
\ 
) 
} 

1(. K. Bhatt: 
Anshuman Ashit: 
K. K. Bhatt: 
Anshuman Ashit: 
1(. K. Bhatt: 
Anshuman Ashit: 
Anshuman Ashit: 
K. 1(. Bhatt: 
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited 
June 07, 2022 
Generally, when everything is clem' andavai lable, then it generally lakes 15 to 18 months. You 
can say 18 months would be the ideal time. 
Sir thi s 75-megawatt project that we are doing so have we placed the EPe order for lhe same? 
No. As of now no, because what the EPe price which was discovered for the 75 megawatt which 
was for GUVNL tender and we are going to use that EPe cost for this 75 megawatt as per tender 
cond ition .. 
Are we waiting fo r the module prices to coo l down a bit and then place the order is it? 
That we will see. lflhe module prices what has been quoted at that time and clirrent time if there 
is a vasl difference then we will take it up with the contractor to coo l it down and reduce the 
project cost. That will be taken care off once the project is totally ready for the take off then we 
will take it up with the EPC contractor through price negotiation to the best of our interest. 
Thai answers my question. Thank you so much. 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I thank the Management of GrPCL For giving this 
opportunity to host the call and thank all the participants for making this call a velY interactive 
session. Thank you, Mr. Bhatt for your detailed answers. Thank you everyone and we can now 
close. 
Thank you everyone and thanking you also. 
\/-\1 
"1 , 
jJ 
\ ). 
Page 12of l2 
