 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 15th June,2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
NSE Scrip Code – SKFINDIA  
BSE Scrip Code -500472  
 
Dear Sirs/Madam,  
 
Sub:  TRANSCRIPT Of ANALYST/INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR MEETINGS ON JUNE 9, 2022  
 
Reference: Intimation Dated 8th June,2022 & Intimation dated 11th June, 2022 for Audio Link
 
Pursuant to Clause 15(a) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 (2) and Regulation 30 (6) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time) 
(“SEBI LODR”), please find enclosed herewith transcript of Investor Conference organized by Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited on 9th June 2022 at Mumbai.
 
Transcript will also be available on website of the Company.  
 
The above is for your information and record. You are hereby requested to disseminate the same on your 
respective websites. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
SKF India Limited 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
Ranjan Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
RANJAN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by RANJAN KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=49c5283c6eefc94accf16c22b3585f2dc20c
519f1ca8097f4069e553fe0118c2, postalCode=412101, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=51936efe7233e93749063905d2e10f980
54040b5ae6d529b2a3e7f62acc040de, cn=RANJAN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2022.06.15 19:07:55 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript document 
 
Pointes to be noted: 
 
 
We are considering Mr Manish Bhatnagar as Speaker 1, the lady as Speaker 2 and others as 
Speaker 3 as their voices are not clear enough. Besides, several speakers have not introduced 
themselves, so have marked all those as Speaker 3.  
 
At times, speakers’ voices sound similar and even the transcription software could not 
differentiate between the speakers, so we have tried to do it manually as much as possible.  
 
Also, the speakers are having conversations while having tea/coffee/lunch, at such instances 
the audio is not clear. Besides, there are lots of disturbances, echoes, and background noises 
at times, so we have tried to modify that as per the understanding. 
 
 
Speaker 1  
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
 
Speaker 2  
My colleague will join. So we've been holding SKF for a long time. I run the last check. 
 
Speaker 2  
I don't think so we have met. Have we? 
 
Speaker 1  
No, I don't think so. 
 
Speaker 3  
with your permission, can we record? 
 
Speaker 1  
They are recording 
 
Speaker 3  
That's good to hear. 
 
 
Consider the Script from here onwards 
 
 
Speaker 2 
Just that, I would say just from a perspective of the differential that we find it's always been cases that 
our credit proportion is much higher and industrial is essentially going through this, whereas others have 
export opportunities also. And, in terms of the growth, there have been certain, I would say, a small 
differential which we see in late. So, if you could just start with what's your outlook on the business? 
Maybe from the auto industry and within auto two-wheeler versus the EV disruption. So maybe this is 
what broadly we want to cover as the discussion progresses. 
 
Speaker 3 
Maybe I can add a slightly broader question because when I look at a ten-year outcome for our 
company, it's a high single-digit course company. So, I'm not looking for a guidance. But how should 
we as a shareholder, think about it?  Because I keep hearing that Capex is also going to be, let's say, 
in the range of 100 crore, So if you can help us think around that, it should be okay. 
 

 
 
Speaker 1  
And you're right, we won't give any forward guidance. Yes, but let me start with your question. So 
certainly, our business is approximately half industrial, half automotive, and that is likely to change going 
forward because globally we are 70% industrial, and 30% automotive. So, logic says that over time we 
will gravitate towards our global mix. So, we have three factories in India, and our automotive lines are 
almost fully localized - 95% manufactured locally. So high degree of localization. On the industrial side, 
35% is sourced locally and 65% imported. Now, why is that the case? Because industrial has a very 
large assortment unlike automotive. In automotive, when you run a line, you can spit out 10 million 
bearings a year, on one line. And we don't need to change anything there because the volumes are like 
that. On the industrial. The batch sizes are much smaller sometimes, so unless you consolidate volumes 
across countries or you have a large scale within the country, it always makes sense, at least for us. 
And I want competition here, at least for us to be able to source from factories where we have scale. 
Over time, as our scale improves, or we can consolidate volumes in the region, we will also start looking 
at what more can be localized in India. But having said that, our goal is to localize as much as possible, 
on the industrial side also. 
 
Speaker 2  
When you say localized, unfortunately, most of the industrial comes as a traded profession and that's 
probably coming from Ahmedabad. 
 
Speaker 1  
No, that's not true. Our lines, we have three factories, Bangalore, Haridwar and Pune. Haridwar factory 
is mainly automotive. But Bangalore and Pune also produce industrial. Ahmedabad is set up for the 
large size bearings. Sometimes we get caught in this discussion that why is it that Ahmedabad and why 
is it not Pune or why is it Pune and not Ahmedabad, but it all depends only on the size of the bearing. 
So, Ahmedabad has been set up for large size bearings, bearings as large as a room. For example, for 
wind turbines. We don't have that capability in Pune and Bangalore. So, I get asked all the time, where 
will you invest? Will you invest in CAPEX in Ahmedabad or Pune Bangalore? And my response always 
has been consistent. It depends on where the growth is coming from because the capabilities are 
different in the factories. If the wind business grows, even if we want to, we can't make those bearings 
in Pune, we have to make them in Ahmedabad. But if the electric motor business grows, we have to 
make it in Pune.  
 
Speaker 2  
So, for the group level, it is driven by the size of the bearing. 
 
Speaker 1   
Yes. Because there are certain competencies which are linked to size, even in terms of sourcing, of 
material, competencies, which has been set up, etc. So, Ahmedabad unit is for large size bearings, very 
small and medium and small are in Bangalore and in Pune. 
 
Speaker 2   
Right. So, what could drive the industrial manufacturing growth, I'm saying from an application point of 
view, what could drive our industrial manufacturing and therefore localization? Which industries are we 
sure of? 

 
 
Speaker 1 
Industrial, as you well know, covers a full range of industries. The big ones are Railways and wind. 
Then there are a whole lot of other industries. There is heavy industry, which includes steel, cement, 
construction equipment, textiles, F and B, Electrical Motors, and a whole lot of industries. In general, 
it's really difficult to pinpoint which sector will drive growth. But at least our experience in the last two to 
three years has been, its mainly infrastructure, steel, cement, and construction equipment. That's clearly 
driving the growth for manufacturing and therefore also price, and therefore the growth being driven by 
these industries, which means our sourcing has actually increased from Pune and Bangalore versus in 
Ahmedabad. And that's the point I was making here. 
 
Speaker 2   
Sure. And that would lead to further localization also. 
 
Speaker 1  
Absolutely, because when those factories cater to both automotive and industrial, and as we have 
higher demand from industrial, you will have to localize more and more because frankly, sometimes it 
is very difficult to import on a sustainable basis because customers also need quick delivery. You cannot 
have bearings being made in Italy.  
 
Speaker 2  
That looks like exports opportunity for us.  
 
Speaker 1    
It's a philosophical discussion. So unlike, let's say competition that you mentioned, SKF has always 
believed globally to be as close to customers as possible. So, exports have never been our focus. We 
don't have people going out and choosing export opportunities. Unless and until it is the consolidation 
of volume to build and launch new manufacturing in India, Malaysia or wherever it might be, we don't 
have sales teams out there chasing new opportunities. 
 
Speaker 2 
Especially in the industrial engineering space. What we have seen is certain geographies become much 
more cost-effective and therefore they have a natural advantage from economics point of view, like 
Cummins has got low-cost power engines. 
 
Speaker 1  
 
Well, I don't know. It also depends on the material content. You have to understand that steel is about 
50% plus of a bearing. The labour component actually not that much. So, from the cost competitive 
standpoints, I want to go to automotive.  Automotive is basically four segments, 2 wheelers, passenger, 
commercial, and agricultural factors. About half our automotive business is 2 wheelers, and the rest is 
kind divided between the other three. The 2-wheeler has always been a strong growth market for us, 
both aftermarket and VSM and we don't see any signs of that changing anytime in the future.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
Speaker 3 
 
If anything, our aftermarket business will be doing more and much better going forward.  
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
You can just say automotive is half or 50%, in that two-wheelers are approximately half in that broadly.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Aftermarket is about 80%. So, two-Wheeler is our strength.  
 
Speaker 3  
 
Okay. Because bearings are more specialized in EV and this is, two-wheeler, so is it dependent on two-
wheeler or something?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
I think you can have an equally large business in passenger and commercial, etc. Also, it's just that 
traditionally our legacy, at least in India, has been very strong partnerships with large two-wheeler 
manufacturers. So, for example the Bajaj, etc. We have been working closely with them for decades 
now. In passenger vehicles we don't have a great share, and largely because the passenger vehicle 
market in India is driven by Japanese and Korean manufacturers. And most decisions on bearings, 
therefore, are also made in those mother countries. Most Korean and Japanese bearing manufacturers 
are niche and pretty small. But they have a big play in those manufacturers. On commercial vehicle 
segment where there are large Indian players, we also have a very large share. But I think in terms of 
volume, the commercial volume is, nowhere closer to two-wheeler as we have so much on the road. 
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
The OEM decline certainly affects us. Now it depends on who you talk to. They'll tell you if the decline 
is a blip or a trend. My view is that it's not a trend. My view is it’s a short-term issue and we will bounce 
back. On the aftermarket side it is something that we have pushed very hard in the last one year. I think 
I mentioned this in the past also with a lot of people. We really see a big opportunity in the aftermarket 
because the aftermarket is a space where we traditionally have not focused a lot. We have a very small 
share in the VSM and we're talking of low single digits. It's not like a 30% share. And so, an opportunity 
for growth is much more. And why it's important is because the margins actually are higher enough.  
 
Speaker 3  
 
But this is again dominated by the local players.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Do you know, the aftermarket is dominated by availability and price? And I hate saying this. It really 
doesn't matter what brand it is, and I wish it was better, but it's not. So therefore, in the aftermarket, the 
key drivers are availability and price. If you walk into a garage with your scooter, you really want to get 
that scooter fixed and drive away. You won't stand and say I want SKF. He will see what's in his shop, 
he fixes it and therefore the driver there is availability and reach everybody. So therefore, we have done 
a lot of effort in the last one year to really get into a large distribution model for aftermarket, which we 
have never tried before. And this means in the past our model has been distribution. Let's sell to 
distributors and then they will sell it more. Being a push model, we now want to get into a pull model  

 
 
 
but pull not so much for consumers because you and I really don't care. But pull from mechanics and 
pull from retailers. That's the change we’ve have had. 
 
 
Speaker 2 (17:15) 
 
I was just saying this number on our revenue side from our worksheet. So the numbers may be 
approximation of best. So, 2014, this aftermarket auto was 13 and a half and today it is already 16.8 or 
17 % of revenue? 
 
Speaker 1  
 
okay 
 
Speaker 2 (17:35) 
 
So, we have seen that increase. And same is in industrial aftermarket. Are we're doing something 
similar? 
 
Speaker 1 (17:43) 
 
The only difference is what drives growth in industrial is different from automotive. In automotive, it's a 
question of availability and pricing. In industrial, it is not that because industrial guys know what bearing 
is in the machine and they won't take a chance because they don't want the machine to stop working. 
In fact, we had an interesting case and I'm not going to name the company. But you can guess, they're 
the largest multinational F & B manufacturing company. They have a plant in North India where they 
make dairy products. And they had a situation where something happened to their machines and the 
bearings failed. And they were wanted to get SKF bearing because they used it before. And they went 
out. They couldn't find SKF bearings. So, they went out and they bought a bearing that they thought 
was SKF, but it was counterfeit. Someone sold them an SKF bearing. And the interesting thing is they 
paid a 45% premium for a counterfeit brand. So, in industrial issues different. They want to pay the 
premium, but they want the genuine product. So, in industrial we focus on how can we make sure that 
our bearings are available at those OEMs when they need it? 
 
 
Speaker 3  
So is it okay to say it’s our failure. 
 
Speaker 1 (19:20) 
 
Absolutely. Last year we have launched an eShop. So today our distributors serve about 10,000 pin 
codes out of the 20,000 in the country. The other 10,000 that are not being served. And how do we 
make sure that the other 10,000 pin codes also get service? So eshop is one initiative towards that. 
They can go online, and they can order a bearing and get shipped in a certain period of time. It's a 
number of things, but to your point, distribution has to increase over time. It has to know the reason. 
But it is highly marginal industrial. 
 
Speaker 3 (20:20) 
 
So, industrial isn’t it easier……….. 
 
Speaker 1 (20:24) 
10,000 pin codes. It is that one plant in Faizabad in UP because there's one customer there. How do 
we service that one customer? Because in Lucknow we have got a cover.  
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 2 (20:49) 
 
I mean auto aftermarket, how it is the unorganized activity? 
 
Speaker 1 (20:52) 
 
Unorganized? I don't know the latest numbers, but I think one in four bearings sold in the country is 
unorganized. And by that, I mean both. Brands import from Eastern Europe or China, as well as 
counterfeit. It's one in four. I think that number, I think is going down. I have no data to prove it to back 
it up.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
If I were to move back to your opening statement. 
 
Speaker 1 
 
It's linked to two parts. One part is the natural organic growth in the industry. We do expect industrial 
markets to grow faster than automotive markets. That's the organic growth. The other one is that we 
also have focus a lot more on industrial now, and maybe you don't see the movement in our numbers 
here, but our industrial percentages are inching up slowly. Maybe little by little is going up, because 
industrial is, frankly, where the margins are. Automotive is such a different business. When you go to 
international market, it's a big part of the business. It also keeps the factories on. We need that. It's 
optional, fixed, awesome stuff. But in the long term, we need to get to the industrial business. Now, 
when the long term will be, I don't know.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
So, like you said, you expect the industry to grow faster. But then there is the other way, which is, is 
there a gap that we need to introduce more products? 
 
Speaker 1  
 
It's not more products. It's more localization. I think we have the full portfolio. Today we import from 
around the world. That needs to change. The reason I explained on to sell your industrial customer, you 
can't promise them ten weeks ago. We need to promise them a reasonable time so it's more localization. 
 
 
Speaker 2 (23:35) 
 
There are two paths to address. So, you mentioned that industrial market growth is higher. 
 
Speaker 1 (23:41) 
And second is us. What we need to do differently, which is things like localization and localization, by 
the way, is not just on what we make. Also, what we source. So, when we source steel, for example, 
how much steel can be localized? It's also components. 
 
Speaker 3  
 
But what are we doing to achieve this?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
It starts with steel source. 50% plus of our cost is steel. And bearing steel is by the way, extreme high-
quality steel. It takes a lot of hard work to qualify a steel, unlike, let's say, a car body steel. But it takes  

 
 
a lot of hard work to approve a local steel supplier. We need metallurgy, chemistry, manufacturing, 
quality, EHS, a number of things. Now, you might think India, as we are the second largest steel 
producer in the country, in the world, but not many Steel mills in the country, even today, are capable 
of producing such quality. So, it really starts at that level. You cannot localize anything. We can't make 
bearings here. We can, of course, if you're importing steel from China or Europe, it’s not the same. So 
in the last two years, we have gone up from, I think five steel mills to seven or eight steel mills. They're 
locally approved steels. And then the next stages, components, they're fairly simple. There are two 
rings. It's got balls and it's got a cage. Four components making it simple. So even if you get the steel 
localized, you have converters who can take that steel and convert to those components to meet the 
quality we need. The bearings are high precision instruments. 
 
Speaker 3  
 
By converting machining  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Everything to convert to take a steel bar or take a steel Rod, make it into a highly engineered product. 
The ring that we have here is an effective, for example, the balls we put into our bearings, the balls are 
classified eight microns, nine microns, ten microns. And the Micron is a thousand of a millimetre. So 
that is the difference in who can make balls consistently. Eight, nine and ten. It’s that what we do. 
 
 
Speaker 2 
 
And this initiative that you said first is on the material itself and then making more vendors. This has 
happened 2 years back.  
 
Speaker 1 (26:51) 
 
No, it's an ongoing thing. It's picked up speed a lot more in the last couple of years because we see the 
volume also increasing. India also increases in industrial manufacturing. To your point earlier, we know 
we cannot gain share and cannot grow unless we have stronger localization. So, it's picked up speed 
a lot more in last few years.  
 
Speaker 2 
So, when you say steel, likes of Tata steel and all they are not making the bearing styles. Are they 
alloys or stainless steel? 
 
Speaker 1  
Tata steel does not make, which is I think is surprising.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
If I were to maybe connect two questions and just trying to understand - the perception in the market is 
that we are not doing enough capex, is it because the area in which we want to grow is largely vendor 
dependent? Because not necessarily that we need to do, which largely follows an assembly model 
versus somebody else who wants to do everything in house. So maybe there is a big difference in the 
philosophy. Is that the reason why our numbers and capex are not high in future also?  
 
Speaker 1 
High compared to what? 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 3 
 
Let’s say my analysis put out, we may do a 100-150 crore kind of capex compared to Timken and 
Schaeffler. This is relatively much lower number and if I look at some of our depreciation, which is 61 
crores. 
 
Speaker 2 
 
It’s about 300 and 400 for Schaeffler. 
 
Speaker 1 (28:52) 
 
Schaeffler is a business of three companies. What used to be FAG bearings is a like to like comparison. 
Schaeffler is a basis of three companies for a bearing company? We mistake Schaeffler for a bearing 
company. It is not. It's an automotive sub-assembly and sub-components company. So, I don't know 
the bearings capital numbers. But irrespective of that, the speed of proportion is that do we need to 
invest more or less? I think we will invest whatever we need to, to grow in this country. The 150 crore 
number that I normally talk about, it’s not a number that we are tied to. There's nothing preventing us 
from doing 300. Or we could drop to 50. But we have no philosophical debate. No, we are neither an 
insourcing company nor an outsourcing company. It's only linked to where the growth is coming from. 
So, for example, we have just won a very large order from a very large CV in the country for a very 
specialized vendor. And we have put up a full line only for that manufacturer in a matter of five months. 
So, it depends where the growth is coming from. But we are not in the business of adding assembly 
lines in anticipation of growth.  
 
Speaker 3 (30:24) 
 
But for sure. You said if we localize more, they will get more business.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
But it's a little bit of chicken and egg. You can localize more and get more business, or do you get more 
business or localize? See, the problem is that in automotive you can make a small bearing for this size 
and make 10 million bearings in a year. That's the capacity of the line. You start the line on January 1. 
Nothing needs to be done. The line on December 31, the 10 million bearing gets churned out. It's very 
good absorption, very good running, very good effort, etc.  And industrial, we're talking of 5000. So the 
effort needed to change the channels and make them more flexible is much more for sure. If you localize 
more, it's better for everyone. But we will not localize unless you also have some scale. It doesn't have 
to be fully occupied. We need to have some scale. We can't be running at a line at 10% and saying in 
the hope we fill up the buyers 90% through customers coming, there will be some scale.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
So, we need to target segment by segment? 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Absolutely. This is really automotive. This is a segment by segment because that will also decide where 
we invest. 
 
 
Speaker 2 (31:55) 
 
Now, I was reading somewhere, bearing per vehicle hasn't changed despite the EV disruption. Is that 
the same thing also? 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (32:05) 
 
Well, no. I think the question that I answered earlier on was will the value change, the number of 
bearings might change.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
So, in EV, how do we understand ourselves? So, one thing is very clear to us that value doesn't change. 
But do we need to do more products which are specialized in how do we intend to gain market share? 
What are the costs? 
 
Speaker 1 
 
So EV need different specifications for variants. So, for example, EVs need their high-speed bearings, 
low noise bearings, and insulated bearings. So, in some cases even the material might change. You 
want to replace steel balls with ceramic balls, you may want to increase or reduce your noise, improve 
your friction, etc. So, a lot of things are going on now. We have a 200-member engineering team at our 
engineering center and we have a team dedicated there to developing products for the EV markets for 
India and abroad. And SKF globally has very strong connections with EV manufacturers, including the 
largest one of them all. So, we have the technology, we have the capability. We are waiting for EV to 
finally emerge for a long time, to finally emerge and not keep catching fire.   
 
 
Speaker 3 
(Speaker is asking some question, not clear)  
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
But it's a very small market. We're talking of, I think less than 2%. No, that's there. And today the EV 
manufacturers in the country, frankly, do not even need the quality of bearings that we can provide.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
They don't in case of hub bearing, is this already coming in the base?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Absolutely. So, hub- both in passenger and in commercial, in both segments, hub is the norm globally 
and hub will soon, unlike EV, which will take a long time to get developed, hub is already mainstream. 
Now, it's not 100% fleet coverage, but it's fairly high. So, both on passenger and on commercial. 
 
Speaker 3 
It's already there.  
 
Speaker 1 
Absolutely.  
 
Speaker 2 
On EV side, we should be getting a great market share.  
 
Speaker 1 
EV, we don 't have a grid. We don't have grid share, in any case, hub or non-hub. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 2 
 
There is this big expectation which has been created I think by one of the competitors only.  Maybe this 
is that the government is putting out 90,000 order and this is rail is an important segment for us. There 
was an expectation for K class as well.  
 
Speaker 1 (36:00) 
 
So I don't know what item you're referring to, but by wagons you mean freight wagons.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
Yes 
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
So, here's the facts, which I think you can read the papers too.  We have 300,000 freight wagons in the 
country. Total population of freight wagons in the country is 300,000. The government has recently 
announced the total manufacturing capacity in the country is 30,000. The government has recently put 
out a tender over a period of time. And now in that the first contracts were ordered. But this is not new. 
This is not new news to anyone because freight wagons have been the focus of the government for 
some years now. So, it began a few years ago with the dedicated freight corridors. They are now finally 
taking shape after so much time. And to go back to your K plus bearings, the K class bearings are the 
higher load bearings which are meant for those wagons running on the DFC. So, I think freight wagons 
is not a new story. It's an old story. I have to wait and see. But it's been emerging for a long time now. 
I have to wait and see at what point it will become a reality. But with the DFCs, for example, actually 
start full operation today, the freight wagons run on the same lines, passenger wagons, and they get 
last priority. Therefore, it's strange to me that the country like India versus 70% of our freight traffic goes 
by road. It should be 70% away. So, if that's the objective, I think it's a great story going forward. That 
will only happen if the DFC is going. You cannot have freight wagons building up that volume on regular 
track to share with passenger items.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
Okay. If DFC has to take shape and let's say in next five years. But in value term, can we expect our 
real business to be significantly better than today? I'm not asking for any guide. 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Absolutely. Sure. Well, train business also has four components. There's freight, there's passenger, 
there's locomotives and there is metro. Okay. Now in that passenger wagons, I think is kind of how 
many more wagons you have that let's figure out. Locomotives is also kind of okay. So, I would say 
freight and Metro, but between the two, clearly freight is recorded. But also, don't forget there's also 
very large aftermarket in the rails. Although we said passenger wagons will not have any new bills, the 
amount we run, we will have you keep having a large aftermarket business. So real business is driven 
by freight. I agree with you. It's also driven a lot by the aftermarket.  
 
Speaker 3  
 
And this business, again, like you broadly said, industrial is more profitable business compared to auto. 
So this should also be forming part of a good margin. 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Absolutely. 

 
 
Speaker 2 (39:45) 
 
For program of the rotating equipment performance improvement, what is the kind of revenue 
expectation that you have? Let's say next 3 years. 
 
Speaker 1 (39:53) 
 
Our goal is about 20% in the next three to four years. That's about 6 or 7%. 
 
Speaker 3 (40:02) 
 
That itself could have margin. 
 
Speaker 1 (40:05) 
 
Absolutely. 
 
Speaker 2(40:06) 
 
And the other thing about the royalty structure, what is the current and how it is going to shape us? 
 
Speaker 1 (40:16) 
 
Yeah, I know exactly. There's no change around the structure. 
 
 
Speaker 3 (40:25) 
 
And in many MNCs we have seen consolidating especially everybody likes to give that example of 
Schaeffler. So, I think in our past discussion there was also openness. So, is there any thought process 
on that? 
 
Speaker 1 (40:43) 
 
Nothing was that the factory should not be seen as an unlisted entity in India. It should be seen as the 
source factory for large size variants that supplies to SK facilities around the world. It happens to be in 
India. It could well be in Italy. It could well be Malaysia. It is not meant for India. It just happens to be 
located in India. But it doesn't serve the Indian market only it's a facility set up to make large size variants 
around the world. 
 
Speaker 3  
 
And one last thing, these structural savings that we have initiated in the last three or four years, which 
is reflecting in our margin performance. Those savings should largely be sustained, right? Is that the 
way we should think about?  
 
Speaker 1 
That would be, I hope so. 
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
And I keep saying this to everyone that we sometimes get so caught up in listed or unlisted. It is one 
factory making only large size bearings. And unlike the shafts in the kits with those facts, those 
companies are waiting for India. 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 2  (42:12) 
 
So just one last thing, really. Last thing. It is on that parent’s presentation I was seeing, they talked 
about these magnetic bearings. Yes, if at all. And it's very long thing. But where will it come? Listed 
versus unlisted. 
 
Speaker 1 (42:33) 
 
It again goes back to the size of the bearing. So I don't know where it will come. Honestly, it depends. 
Again, if the bearing is as large as the zoom, even if we want to, we cannot make it in Pune and 
Bangalore. 
 
Speaker 3  
 
But theoretically, we will be the entity listed in the market and value is always captured.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
It's the factory only makes it sells to us and we sell it. So we capture a lot of value here. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Speaker 1 (44:14) 
Hi, how are you? 
 
Speaker 3 (44:19) 
Maybe I resume. 
 
Speaker 1 (44:25) 
Thank you. I have stopped carrying business cards, so forgive me. Thank you. All right. Sorry. How 
come you had an update? Thanks so much. 
 
Speaker 3 (45:13) 
We just wanted to hear an update outlook amid very challenging times. 
 
Speaker 1 (45:19) 
Sure. 
 
Speaker 3 (45:19) 
 
I mean, there's hope on the demand side. Just want to hear you on both your verticals maybe areas, 
wind and all that, and then just also on the margins and all. But the parents have been wanting you to 
become more local. 
 
Speaker 1 (45:34) 
 
Sure. It's been a very interesting last couple of years, and you cover so many more questions. We had 
covid issue, and now there's inflation, commodity price increase and the learnings all of us have had in 
the last three years. Our business is, as you know, it's industrial and automotive and in that it's giving 
me directional numbers. About half of OEM and aftermarket in general, our growth rates have been 
very good. We've been resilient. We've got some structural changes; margins are looking good. And 
you've seen the numbers already. The big challenge for us going forward is around, I would say two. 
One is inflation, which impacts us directly and indirectly. Of course, if demand starts to slow down, it 
impacts things that people buy, which in turn impacts, someone like supplies to those things that people 
buy. And that's indirect, and direct is just the inflation and freight. Steel, as you know, is more than half 
of the cost. And steel prices have now seemed to stabilize a little bit. But the last twelve months has 
been the same. And I've said this very publicly. We need something about it and then freight both 
international and domestic. 

 
 
Speaker 3 
 
So, I think these are the challenges we have got. It is not less internal challenges, but it's more external 
challenges. Then how do we kind of figure that out? 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Sure. So, I'll give you examples. We focused on localisation a lot more. And localization is not just about 
making more bearings locally, it's also about sourcing more locally. And for us, we are sourcing steel 
because unless you localize steel, you cannot localize bearings. And bearing steel is very high-quality 
steel. It is not the steel that is used to make cars. It's very high-quality steel. And therefore, even though 
India is the second largest steel producer in the world, we don't have a lot of steel companies making 
bearing steel. So, we work very hard with steel Mills and steel companies to make sure we get good 
quality bearing steel in the country. So that localization is about steel. Next, is localization around 
components that are made of steel. The value changes that steel needs to become a component, which 
then gets assembled into a bearing. Those component converters have to be extremely technologically 
savvy and efficient. Bearing dimensions are in microns, not even millimetre. It's microns the balls that 
go into a bearing. They're that tightly engineered. And it's not very easy, as you can imagine, to have 
vendors who can differentiate between eight and ten microns as they seem the same. So that is not 
good. Talking of changes, that's on the sourcing side, now on the market side, I'll give you one example. 
So, aftermarket is margin intensive, and we're looking at increasing our aftermarket business a lot more. 
We think we have opportunity to grow the aftermarket business, and that needs a lot more focus, 
whether in terms of making sure we have the right product for the aftermarket, making sure we have 
the right distribution for the aftermarket, or making sure we have the right people in our teams to focus 
on the aftermarket. 
 
Speaker 3 (50:26) 
 
Which is in this context. I mean, you've been undertaking this journey on the rep range. How is it 
performing so far versus expectation? What does it mean in terms of any incremental growth or 
marginal? 
 
Speaker 1 (50:40) 
 
Yeah. So, rep is rotating equipment performance, and the whole intent there is to convert capital for a 
customer. So, it works really well in some industries. It works very poorly in some industries. Where it 
works very well is if your cost of failure is much more than the cost of replacement, as you can imagine. 
So, it would not work well in an automotive, because why would you want to know when bearing would 
fail? When the bearing does fail, you stop, go to the nearest mechanic and change it. But it will work 
really well in offshore wind turbine, in the bearing placed there. It will take you two months to have 
someone climb up, get the bearing down, take it back, et cetera, et cetera. The cost of failure is much 
more in a wind turbine than the cost of replacement, unlike a two-wheeler. So, it works very well in 
those industries. And that's where we are focusing on. So, things like steel Mills, you can't have a steel 
mill go down steel. Think of a bucket as big as this one. It's called a converter. Molten or steel or what 
do you call Slack, is poured there and then you add some additives there, you put some carbon, et 
cetera, to do some properties and then you pretty much take that bucket and shake it like this. It's called 
a converter. So, you're converting that slack into steel that you can use. Now, how do you think that 
bucket shakes? No one's holding it to shake the bucket, right. Now, if that bearing fails, that converter 
stops working. TATA Steel will have to call SKF and say, Oops, my bearing has failed. We have to send 
someone from Jamshedpur, if you are lucky, or Calcutta or Bengaluru or wherever. The guy will go 
there, shut down the plant, take the bearing out. And these are not bearings that are made in stock. 
Okay, we order the bearing, it will come again, install it. TATA Steel will have a loss of one crore a day 
just for the one day. They have lost six crores. So, in theory, I could have sold them a REP contract for 
five point 99 and they would still make money. And that's where it's important to focus REP on industries 
where, like I said, where the cost of failure is more than the cost of replacement. Steel, cement, wind 
and the Railways. In railways, the cost of failure is the cost of human life. If a train derails, is that's a  
 

 
 
human life cost. So that's what we are focusing on, our rep programs. And that's to give you some 
context, the rep programs today are about five to 6%. 
 
Speaker 3 (54:36) 
 
Challenges. You mentioned inflation and impact on the demand. Otherwise, the sense is that whether 
it is auto, where things are emerging from a very low cycle, and then in the core industrial itself, things 
like steel, lot of capex happening. So I can understand that fear. But just any more color, you want to 
add on both the demand from auto and from the industrial and then maybe just touch a bit on your new 
product range for EV. And how that's on automotive again? 
 
Speaker 1 (55:08) 
 
Automotive, I have to break it down into four segments. It's not just 1 segment - it’s two wheelers, 
passenger, commercial and agricultural. All four behave very differently. Two-Wheeler demand is 
saturated in the rural centers. It's very high, but a lot of it is due to monsoons, and that demand has 
been steady for many, many years. Take out the even of the ups and downs. I don't see any challenge 
there. 
 
Speaker 3 (55:49) 
 
So if we go to the next vertical in the two wheel space, and it's a big part for you, courtesy the shift 
towards the EV, how does that play out? 
 
Speaker 1 (55:59) 
 
Well, if the EV two wheelers stop catching fire, they will sell more. 
 
Speaker 3 (56:05) 
 
Are you positioned there as well? 
 
Speaker 1 (56:08) 
 
Number one, it's a very small part of the market. It makes a lot more news than it should. It's less than 
2%. India makes like 20 mlilions for a year, approximately. But that's not to say it won't become big. 
The spirit of a question is that how big will it become? It can become whatever it becomes. We have a 
play in electric vehicles, in two wheelers, passenger, commercial, public transport, et cetera. We have 
a play everywhere. And because we are a global company outside of India, China, for example, 95% 
of two wheelers are electric and we are a big player in China, Europe, et cetera. So, we have a play, 
and we have the technology. To keep it simple, the wheels still need bearings. That doesn't change on 
the drivetrain of the engine. The number of bearings will go down, but the type of bearing will change. 
And these typically become more expensive because suddenly we move to a low noise, high speed, 
insulated bearings, for example, you might replace the steel balls with ceramic balls. And these are very 
high-quality ceramics. So, the price of those bearings become much more. So, content wise, the number 
of bearings goes down, the value remains by and large. 
 
Speaker 3 (58:21) 
So you're saying basically the product range is there globally, it's accepted within China or European 
market, and therefore in India, if they were to sort of further accelerate. 
 
Speaker 1 (58:29) 
 
There's no question it will accelerate. Absolutely. The adoption of electric vehicles typically follows at 
least what's following in India right now. The first off, the mark were 3 wheelers. If you go to most small 
towns. I was there about two weeks ago in Haridwar. These are all electric three wheelers, and that's 
true in most towns in India. So most three wheelers have gone to electric. The second is intracity buses.  

 
 
You see it in Pune, but you see a lot of intracity buses moving to electric, then two-wheeler vehicles, 
then passenger and last commercial only because of the distance. And that's an option I think we'll see 
here also. There's no question of capability and competency. It is the Bajaj the Heroes. The right 
question is are you in bed with them because we are already in bed with them on their traditional IC 
engines. So when Bajaj launches electric two wheeler they will naturally partner with someone that they 
know. It's too small right now and we have the capability, we have the factories, we have the funds. 
None of the electric vehicles made in India need those high-quality bearings. What they need right now 
are the same bearings they use right now. Tweak slightly which we can do locally. But to be truly cutting-
edge electric vehicles when they get to when they say if Tesla launches, that's a game changer. But 
TATA Nexon, with some differences. But they don't have ceramic in that as of now, none of them need 
ceramic. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:01:48) 
 
And then commit to the other vehicles. It doesn't demand. You touched on the two. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:01:53) 
 
Commercial vehicles have been plagued by issues which are even pre-covid. If you recall we changed 
all our axle load norms for commercial vehicles which itself killed demand for two years because now if 
I can legally load the vehicle by 20% more and the industry goes by 10% a year, I've killed up two years 
ago. So now it's bouncing back slowly, and they go with all the freight traffic. So now the combined axle 
load norm changed the freight traffic. So pretty much commercial for three years now has been stagnant 
or worse. Tata Motors is now seeing a pickup. The only silver lining in commercial is the last mile 
because of Ecommerce, which by the way are mostly electric. Those last mile, those Ace trucks or 
whatever they're called carrying amazon packages, the last mile delivery that's picked up now. But I 
think it's still about a year ago for pickup in the market. Passenger vehicles is an interesting story. 
Passenger vehicles always grow off new model launches. So, passenger vehicle demand is linked 
entirely to how many new models can be launched. Unlike let's say commercial, people want to go and 
buy the newest model. We are seeing a lot more launches. We've had a good monsoon. Both the 
tractors have been very good the last few years. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:04:04) 
 
This was auto category in the replacement segment. There was a trend that Chinese imports were kind 
of withering away. Is that continuing or how's the pressure. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:04:15) 
 
These are sounds the people like to make. I think it's impossible for anyone to claim that we can replace 
the Chinese supply chain overnight. That supply chain, that quality has been built up over decades. 
And it's a misnomer to think that Chinese imports are bad quality because Chinese make poor quality 
and world class quality. You decide what you want to buy. So no, I don't see Chinese imports coming 
down. I see companies relooking their supply chains by adding one or more supply. But there is no way 
that you can replace Chinese supply chain anywhere in the world. Whether it's the US or Southeast 
Asia or Japan or India, overnight nowhere. The journey towards Atmanirbhar plan and Make in India 
plan will take time, but I think it's a good start. But maybe in five years’ time, if you have the conversation, 
we can say yes, it's changed. Not right now. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:05:25) 
 
On the Railways part, I mean, we started from a low market share and the government seems to be 
willing to spend quite a bit, etcetera. DFC, the Metro and Vande Bharat trains. How you sort of see the 
traction there? 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 (01:05:40) 
 
We have a low market share in freight. We had a very high market share in passenger and in local 
trains. And that's changing now because we have now launched localized bearings for the freight 
market. You mentioned DFC. Now the new government contracts on freight, Wagons is also now getting 
played. So, freight will be the next big battle for the railroad. Passenger segments are almost stagnant. 
It will be Freight and Metro. These bearings we are making now localized to other entities. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:06:40) 
 
There's a new class of bearings - K class. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:06:42) 
 
Not yet. K plus bearings is meant for high load wagons. We haven't yet seen those high load wagons 
deployed in the country fully. We're only doing pilots right now and very well accepted there. But the 
true test is when the DFC gets fully operational. But so far, it's not. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:07:12) 
 
But I'm sure the real reasons be testing your product. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:07:16) 
 
I thought the question was how big is the volume right now? Small. Right now. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:07:22) 
 
The incumbents is where you have to gain market share from. The other global names were supplying, 
 
Speaker 1 (01:07:32) 
 
Not in K class. There's no one supplying K Plus, right. It's an E class. There's no point putting a K class 
bearing the regular freight. You can do it, but it makes no sense. Why would you pay more? We don't 
need it. They are meant for high loads. For today's loads EClass will suffice. No, I don't know the 
numbers off hand, frankly. I haven't done a lot of research on that. All I can say is that actually, we have 
about 300,000 freight licenses in the country right now running all over the country. The DFCs, the last 
numbers I read was about 10% to 12% of those wagons would become DFC, let's say about 40,000. 
Again, giving you a ballpark number. Industrial, it's a whole lot of industries. Growth for us has been 
driven by infrastructure, linked industries, cement, steel, construction equipment and consumer facing 
industries. And those industries are actually going quite well. We're talking of strong double-digit growth 
in all industries and I think that growth rate will continue. In fact, if anything, industry will grow faster 
than automotive. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:09:44) 
In the long term automotive sales. So ideally it should be more like 60, 40, 70, 30 is a global number. 
Yeah. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:09:57) 
 
In that context, your attempt to be sourcing more locally. There's a number I have heard maybe 10-15 
percent more in terms of local made versus what you're trading now. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (01:10:08) 
 
Well, automotive is almost 95% localised. Industrial is about 35% localised. And that's the number we 
have to increase. Whether it's 35 goes to 45, 50, 60, we don't know. It really depends on demand and 
where it comes from. But our intent clearly is to improve localization from 35 to as high as possible. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:10:45) 
It's a function of demand. For that the capability is in place. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:10:51) 
Not the capacity. We need to invest to build more capacity. That will happen through our system. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:11:01) 
SKF technology will happen in the depends on the barrier. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:11:07) 
 
The SKF technology is not an industrial manufacturing facility. It is only a facility to make large size 
bearing. We cannot make that converter big bearing or wind bearing in a Pune factory even if we want 
to. Likewise, if the demand comes from electrical motors, those small bearings, we can't make it in 
Ahmedabad, they are very different factories. We make industrial bearings in Pune, in Bangalore, in 
Ahmedabad, but depends on the size. So, it depends where the demand comes from. If the demand 
comes from wind, then we'll have to make it in Ahmedabad and if the demand comes from electric 
motors, we have to make it in Pune.  
 
Speaker 3  
 
This transfer pricing thing for the trade during covid we have seen. But apart from that, there will be no 
changes in terms of sourcing pricing. Typically, they go by the transfer pricing guide like study 
conducted every year by the company and all companies. It's not like specific to any industry. We do 
not share. But definitely we are driving a margin for the traded products as well, which is generally lower 
because the risk with respect to trade products are sitting with the manufacturing entity under the 
transfer pricing compared to something which manufactured one question similar on the reverse, let's 
say there is a higher growth. So, in that case, do you have to forgo some margin? 
 
Speaker 1 (01:13:33) 
 
It is a margin which is calculated based on the comparable companies at a global level. Right. So 
typically, if there is a higher profit that you make at a local entity level, then that has to be passed on to 
the manufacturing company. And if you make a loss, then the manufacturing company, because based 
on the transfer pricing study, but I would say it is less than what you make when you make. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:14:18) 
 
Product, what you manufacture. And you had this huge pressure on the raw material, but you will be 
passing on some of it? Isn't it okay to assume that margins will get better than where we are at an 
aggregate? 
 
Speaker 1 (01:14:41) 
 
That's a question not just of transfer, but it's also a question of how much price increases can be passed 
on. It's more than that. How much leverage do we have with customers to pass on the price increases 
and how much can we absorb? How much should we absorb? Absolutely. This one question, at what 
threshold point do you have to follow? Margins are available to companies, what are the margins we 
have to go and sold independently in the market? What is the margin that they based on? The risk 
which says manufactured companies versus company which is trading. That's how the margin allocation 
happens. So that's why it's very difficult to give you a number.  

 
 
Speaker 3 (01:16:03) 
 But the company will not suggest a level which you aspire to be at on a more steady state basis. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:16:50) 
 
No, we are not a shampoo company. We launch a new, improved shampoo. But this is more about how 
efficiently we run our operations. There are only so many steel companies in India. Right now it's a 
question of what leverage do we have with those an example, the steel companies. Are we able to 
increase prices with those companies? Are we able to sell more rep contracts to those companies? Are 
we able to go deeper into those companies? Are we able to manage their roll shops in a more efficient 
way? It's all about how we operate more efficiently with our customers and that's how we gain. This is 
not about industrial companies are not about switching bearings from quarter one to quarter. They 
cannot. So, it is all about how do we service them better? How do we improve their efficiency? The 
example I always give is that when the guy wakes up in the morning, his task for the day is how few 
bearing he can buy from SKF. When our guy wakes up in the morning, his task is how many more 
bearings he can sell. If we can align those interests together, that's called operating motivation. And I 
think in industrial especially, I'm very proud to say that across segments. And part of it is our localization 
efforts. Part of it is the reach of our people. Covid has been a good game changer for us. We have been 
able to change the way we go to market because of covid restrictions.  
 
Speaker 3 (01:19:22) 
Is there an aspiration for this export business to become? 
 
Speaker 1 (01:19:26) 
 
We have a philosophical difference with some other companies. We don't set up capacity in India for 
exports. We will supply locally to companies who will export from India. So all the wind gearbox 
manufacturers they export from India. But we are supplying locally. What they do is their problem. But 
we are not in the business of exporting bearings directly to other companies or countries unless it's 
opportunistic. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:19:56) 
 
And this is one area. Otherwise, we are seeing continuously good traction. The wind. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:20:01) 
Yeah, we are seeing good traction. We are seeing an upgrade from 2 megawatts to 4 megawatts. We're 
also seeing movement of manufacturing sites from China, Eastern Europe to India.  
 
Speaker 3 
Any comments on the working capital. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:20:59) 
 
We had to invest on inventory to make sure we reduce tax for our customers. But now as we are kind 
of getting into this year there's a lot more focus on inventory. I think we have very junior analysts on the 
call asking questions that they can search for. We don't need to spend time on the calls. This is a good 
conversation. Yeah. I am only answering questions on the numbers in front of you. We do the maximum 
to spend an hour, hour and a half at least once in a year. Sometimes we use like this platform. I don't 
want to get into a quarterly call where the analyst comes in and he's checking the box, filling up the 
Excel sheet once in a year with some sort of qualitative aspect on segment and all this. Perfectly fine. 
So, we do this. We do independently. We're always happy to have a strategic long-term cash but not 
that kind of stuff. Then you said 90 days obviously to reduce downtime and then pay for them. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (01:22:42) 
 
And in that process, we also want a bit more. So, do we deploy dedicated power? No, it depends on 
the contract. Some contracts it makes sense for us to do that. In some contracts we can just double 
check our existing salespeople. But then we have to really reduce the downtime. Then obviously we 
have to have that particular product in the backup and then try to no, not get silly or we do advice 
predictive preventive. So, we can have sensors on the bearings which will then warn hey, listen, this 
bearing is nearing end of life in your next scheduled downtime which is two Sundays from now. Order 
the bearing today. The bearing comes the next Sunday morning, 10:00 when the factory is shut down 
for maintenance. Take the bearing out, put the bearing in and off. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:23:48) 
Just one last question which is in the marketplace in terms of the competitor dynamics, is it steady state 
situation with the other known competitors? Is it worsening on the margins? 
 
Speaker 2 (01:24:00) 
Anything? Any comments? Worst much compared to them. No. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:24:03) 
Worst thing in terms of the competitive intensity from some new players or the existing players getting 
more aggressive on prices. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:24:10) 
 
I don't want to give you a philosophical answer, but I think my response to this is - I really think the 
competition we have is SKF last year and SKF for this year. I really want us to be able to go deep into 
customers. This is a question that I'm going to ask to be able to have a better relationship with the 
customer today than what we had yesterday or day before. That's our competition. I know we invented 
bearing. So really, I don't care too much about what other people are doing. I'm not going to be giving 
you an answer, but I really believe in that. 
 
(no one spoke for 10 minutes) 
 
Speaker 1 (01:36:34) 
 
But they have a well-defined arrangement. That's relevant to me. What's more important is why do we 
have that? Right? It just happens to be in Ahmedabad. It could have been anywhere. Why is that 
important? Because our factories are designed by capability, not by location of them. You would never 
have asked a question that how come you have a manufacturing facility, right? Because we get asked 
a question all the time. Because it happens to be in the same job. But it is a factory set up for a very 
specific type of bearing. It's a large size bearing which is as big as these wind turbines. Those bearings, 
when they go on a highway, those are huge. So even if you wanted to make it in Pune, we could not 
because of different capability. Likewise, if the demand for industrial bearings is coming from electric 
Motors, even if we wanted to make those bearings in Ahmedabad, we could not have. So, it's purely 
set up based on capability. It supplies bearings to all around the world. So, it is not to be confused with 
an SKF India or fully owned or nothing. It's basically a sourcing factory for SKF factories in the world 
and it happens to be with us. What are the ones it takes from there, like SKF would take from there? 
That's why it's set up there. But it is going. I want to clarify to you that of all the industrial bearings that 
we sell. I don't think more than 25% comes from that. The rest comes from either Pune or Bengaluru  
 
Speaker 1 (01:40:00) 
 
The transfer price is solely dependent on comparable company that we look at. Right. So, there's a 
transfer pricing study which every company who is doing a transaction, they could do a transfer pricing 
study. So now depending on how the overall economics performing or that sector is performing, there 
will be a set of margins which will be calculated from that. And based on that, that margin will be applied  

 
 
to the transfer pricing transaction. So, it's not necessarily that last year it was 10% depending on how 
the industry is performing. Right. So that if the industry is performing good, overall margins will be good. 
And actually, the transfer pricing margin, if the overall industry is not doing so well, anything which is 
manufactured by anything which we buy as a finished product from any other sister company. Okay. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:41:27) 
But does it have to be from a sister company or other brands? 
 
Speaker 1 (01:41:28) 
 
A company trying to understand the economics of manufacturing versus not trading. EBITDA reported 
as a whole. Right. I understand. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:41:56) 
How do you figure out the trading margins? 
 
Speaker 1 (01:41:59) 
 
Typically, the way you need to understand margins is that whenever you are buying a traded product 
in a third-party transaction, there is a lot of risk which manufacturing entities is taking. Whereas when 
we are manufacturing locally, we are taking a lot of business risk. Right. So typically, in a transfer pricing 
arrangement, the margins solely depend on what kind of risk that you are taking. Now, when you're 
selling a traded product, the risk which is being taken by SKF India is lower. So naturally the margins 
would be lower, whereas when you are manufacturing the product, you are taking a bigger risk. With 
respect to market risk and all of that, that's where you make a higher margin typically. Okay. So SKF 
India manufactures, what types of bearings? All of them are ball bearings mostly? No, we make 
bearings. Ball bearings is one type of bearing. Okay. You can also make roller bearings. So, bearings 
typically very simply put, have four components. There is the inner ring and outer ring. Very simple. 
Between those two, we put either balls or rollers. And the balls basically mean it's a spherical ball. 
Rollers could take different shapes. They could be tapered cylindrical, et cetera, et cetera. Either balls 
or rollers. And then we put a gauge to make sure the balls or rollers stay in place. Simply put, these 
four components. So we do ball bearings with those balls or we do roller bearings of various types. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:43:55) 
Ok we can figure out. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:43:56) 
 
What the automotive versus about half our business and the others are passenger commercial and 
agriculture. But do you guys cover the automotive sector or industrial sector? In terms of your coverage, 
I want to spend a few minutes talking about what are you guys hearing from industrial companies? 
Because we hear our view, we know what's going on, but you have a much better view across the 
sector. So, what are you guys hearing which is apart from the headlines on inflation and commodity, I 
guess, are you seeing private capital?  
 
Speaker 3 
 
So, there are certain components where we are seeing substantial tickets and there are certain aspects 
where they seem to throw down. So, there is significant push from the government side and we are 
seeing lot of traction on the infrastructure side. Anything that is supported by either agencies, central 
government or central PSU is seeing very good tracking. There's no slowdown of any projects as a 
whole. The real issue lies with the state government. The state government projects are actually way 
behind schedule. There are significant cost overruns, and we are seeing cancellations as well. In 
exchange, in terms of private sector, capex is good. 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 3 (01:46:45) 
But my guess is that not good news for you because solar is doing better. Economics working out better 
for solar. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:47:08) 
 
But in general, you're saying so infrastructure linked capex but more funding related. State government 
is lagging behind. I mean the issues that are plaguing the States earlier continue to break them today 
as well. There's no improvement except a few States in some pockets somewhere they've improved, 
but more or less they have not improved as much as a whole as a bunch. Even if you see some of the 
progressive states where we've seen traction that was happening in. Road is doing very well. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:48:14) 
Fertilizer, oil, everything is getting there. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:48:16) 
Sweet. I think this is the first year when central government Capex might start getting cut. On the bright 
side, hopefully with the growing investment plan. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:48:28) 
Government getting more and more active on. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:48:30) 
 
PLI, defense, electronic manufacturing, mobile phones, electronics, textiles, they are only not realizing 
all of these segments and I think they are treating it as open ended. I think it's picking up in the IT led 
cities like Bengaluru, Pune, Hyderabad but I don't know whether that's the case.  
 
Speaker 3 (01:49:57) 
that probably was the best of the spike that we saw. While IT companies have booked for the next three 
to four quarters, but the rate of growth is unclear. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:50:16) 
 
Everything the same. We are seeing infrastructure. Anything linked to infrastructure has been a strong 
account for us cement or construction equipment, et cetera. Also, consumer facing industry, F & B, etc. 
Wind has own challenges, and the Railways is in pockets doing well. So, freight we think will do very 
well next few years to come. The Metro is really very small right now. It's not a big business. Passenger 
wagons new builds are not really happening, but there’s a large aftermarket business. Sometimes you 
forget how large that business is. It's actually equal to, if not larger than the new business. Of course. 
Imagine the stock versus global aftermarket is a huge business, but very similarly. Yes, well on 
passenger wagons. Well, let me rephrase that. So, Railways went on passenger. They went for this big 
switch from the old wagons to the new LHP wagons that is ongoing. Most of it has happened already, 
but that's a replacement. The new bills are happening in ways we really want to. The government wants 
to see a big push towards freight traffic moving to the Railways. So, in India, about 70% of our freight 
movement happens via root, which is not the case in most other countries. It's a reverse 70% rate. The 
problem is that we today share the same tracks for freight and for passenger, which means freight will 
always take the back seat. Passengers will get top priority. The DFCs are supposed to remove that, but 
DFCs have been timed. We now have kind of corridor. We now have, I think, two corridors kind of are 
a little bit operational, the northwest and the northeast, I think operational in terms of freight moving on 
the corridors. But that's where I think when that finally kicks off really well. 
 
Speaker 3 (01:54:00) 
Your industrial, apart from railway and wind, what kind of industries across the board like more process 
industries?  
 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 
No, it's everything. I mean, I mentioned a few - gear boxes, Motors, drives, textiles, FNB, cement, steel, 
chemical, sugar. Anything which has any rotating equipment, either in their process or as part of what 
needs to run the factory. You will always have a bearing in that. The size of the bearing, the value of 
the bearing, the importance of the bearing is much more if it's in the process. So, if you're running a 
mine, for example, those conveyors cannot stop. So, you will need to have variants because the 
importance of variance is much more there, the value is much more versus if it's a motor running up 
front, it's lesser there, but pretty much every factory would have bearings. And mining is actually very 
large, and we have very large applications also in mining, because mining and material handling, they 
both go together for very large. So, the growth that we saw last year, it's still okay in the sense. It's 
probably on lower rates.  
 
Speaker 3 (01:56:20) 
Does the industrial segment look more robust?  It always helps compared to all the things about PLI 
and all that we. 
 
Speaker 1 (01:56:28) 
 
Due to disruption in the last three or four years, industrial growth have been far better than the 
automotive. And this is certainly true for us. Also, I think for the market, I think that trajectory will continue 
today. We are at about 50-50 automotive and industrial. Globally, we are at 70 for industrial. And I have 
no question in my mind that over time, how much time that will be, I don't know. We will gravitate towards 
that same mix of. And we're only seeing that if you look at the numbers the last four or five years. You 
will see industrial business becoming more than automotive business. It's moving by one point every 
year, whatever numbers might be. But that growth rate is certainly better and it's good for us because 
that's certainly a better margin business. Automotive is not a good margin business and we are seeing 
that growth happening across in industry. There are of course, cycles and there of course, yields. But 
in general, the industry is far better. Industrial is linked to private. When I say industrial, you just look at 
infrastructure industries, you look at cement, steel and construction equipment. The more roads that 
get built or the more airports that get built, you will have more production of steel, construction.  
 
Speaker 2 
Automotive OEMs is not linked to industry because automotive OEMs don't switch bearings every 
quarter.  
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Of course, they don't. If you look into a car, that bearing will stay in that car for the life of the car. A new 
model gets launched whenever it happens. Then, of course, we all bid for new bids. The automotive 
growths are driven by increase in market share in the aftermarket, because that's not defined by price. 
That's defined by availability, reach and prices. When your two-wheeler fails, you don't walk into a 
mechanic and say, give me SKF. He says my two-wheeler is making a noise. And the mechanic, they 
will replace with whatever bearing he has in his shop that time. So that's where the game will come 
from. The automotive aftermarket in the short term, of course, long term OEM also new builds, new 
models, et cetera. We have to bid for those projects.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:00:45) 
 
EVs need less bearings, right? But the quality of bearing, the engineering of the bearing, the material 
of the bearing, all those changes. So, in EV, for example, you would need much higher speed, much 
lower noise, and much better insulation on the wheels. Nothing changes. You still need four wheels in 
a car and two wheels in a two-wheeler. Those bearings remain on the drive frame, the engine, et cetera. 
Number of days will go down because the engineering has changed. But the kind of bearing that will 
now go into those same spaces will change. So, for example, you may now need to replace the steel 
balls with ceramic balls. And that ceramic is very high quality, of course, as you imagine, and very, very  

 
 
few manufacturers in the world can make that high quality ceramic. So that's one example. And likewise, 
you will need to get better variant coverage and everything else in those bearings. So while the number 
of bearings might go down, the type of bearing, the quality of the engineering goes up significantly and 
the price per bearing goes up. So net, net it becomes.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:02:34) 
The value of two-wheeler doesn't change. 
 
 
Speaker 3 (02:02:46) 
So globally, how is it turning for SKF? 
 
Speaker 1 (02:02:49) 
 
Well, 95% of two wheelers in China are a big, big player in that business. In Europe there's a huge push 
towards electrification of both global market of passenger and commercial. I would not know for sure. I 
don't handle Europe. All I know is that we are present with all the large manufacturers. And remember 
in all these countries the people who make electric vehicles are not niche players. They're the legacy 
players and they already have a relationship with SKF. So, take an India example. When Bajaj launches 
an electric two-Wheeler, who are they most likely to work with? Someone like us who's already the 
biggest market share. We have a relationship with them already, as long as we have the technology, 
there’s a higher chance we'll get share of the EV space.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:04:28) 
 
Locally means local subsidiaries of multinationals. So, when the vehicles don't catch fire, it really 
depends.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Well in an ideal world it should get transferred. It really depends on a couple of things. How big is the 
leverage you have with the customer? And second, how is your contract structure? For most automotive 
contracts, the contracts are structured linked to the serial. It's a straightforward passage and it's well 
defined. And that's the way automotive industry works. Serial prices go by X, goes up by X, here goes 
down by Y, goes on by Y. So automotive is very well defined, et cetera.  
 
Industrial is a bit more non-standardized. So there unlike an automotive where it's an automatic pass 
through or pass down, industrial have to go customer by customer. And so, this is the increase. Let's 
negotiate for existing orders. Absolutely. That depends on the power you have. If I have a 1% share 
with them, good discussion will get more. It depends on the leverage you have the customer. And much 
of our margin improvement that you are seeing has come from the past few of the trends. No way we 
can absorb a 36% increase in steel prices when steel is 50% of our cost. If we don't pass it on, you 
won't be sitting here. It has to. It's simple mathematics. And when you have more and more vehicles on 
the road, you will certainly only have a larger aftermarket business. So as an example, let's take two 
wheelers. We make 20 million. If you take the average life of a two-Wheeler as 15 years, which means 
at any point in time you would have 300,000,00 two wheelers on the road. Assuming they come back 
for a bearing change once every three years. You would have 100 million bearings coming back to 
mechanics every year. The population keeps on increasing. You will have the aftermarket. Size will 
come in large and larger. But more than the market size increases, it's our share in that market which 
we have to choose. When I told you earlier, our share in the aftermarket is low, means as compared to 
the OEM. That's where the options for us. And that's defined by availability and pricing. Mainly in the 
automotive market.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 3  
On the industrial side. On the railway side, we were about to crack the freight market. So where are we 
at that stage? 
 
Speaker 1 (02:10:04) 
The capacity of freight wagons in the country is 30,000 years and the tender comes for 90,000 wagons. 
So, let's say a three-year contract. So, there we have a play with all those options, but it's really no 
different from automotive. There was some approval that we were supposed to get from. There are no 
more approvals needed. So that regulatory stuff has been sorted out. Okay. Now it's a question of 
working with customers on the back end. Make sure we get in. Yeah. That is at the level of business. I 
could be wrong by a few months, but I think about the last nine to twelve months ago. Or I could be off 
by four months. Right. Let's say last year. And now there are no more approvals required for this freight. 
And you are already approved for the bearing that are required for passenger wagons as well as for 
locals. Yes. So that's the regular position that approved for passenger E Class, for local Motors and for 
metro. The only thing left in our portfolio was the K class for the freight. And again, K class are for the 
high load. They are applicable only for the DLC, not particularly the exports for us.  
 
Speaker 3  
So, over the next two years, where do you see this? Growing and export  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Exports is not the focus for us. This is a more philosophical discussion around. Unlike other players in 
the bearing space, we want to focus on the domestic market. We don't have sales team chasing export 
business. Okay. We use exports to fill in our manufacturing lines when we have some slack. So the 9%, 
I only look, it could be eight, could be seven. But it's more a filler. It's not business. You want to change 
that? Well, we have actually enough space in all our factories. If you come to our Pune campus, which 
is less than half is built up, that's not a constraint. We can always add more capacity. Well, at this point 
that will continue. But again, it depends on how the market grows. Thank you.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:15:33) 
Quick question for you. Are you seeing a bear market or not much yet?  
 
Speaker 2 
 
I wouldn't call it bear market yet. We'll define it as a constant correction. Constant. It will go down 
because what will happen is the only solution to inflation globally has been demand on demise. And 
that is where now people came down from 7.8 to 7.675, we'll go down to six. All of a sudden, one shot. 
That is where we'll see the risk.  
 
Speaker 1 
Okay. Take care. I get it. Thank you. Last meeting of the day. Yeah. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:18:54) 
Hello. Hi, how are you? 
 
Speaker 1 (02:19:33) 
 
Of course, every industry goes to cycles, but that's a regular ups and downs. Nothing that I can pinpoint 
to right now. That this segment has a trend of a slowdown. I'm not seeing that right now.  
 
Speaker 3(02:23:56) 
 
After this quarter, we were not able to talk. Yeah. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 (02:25:43) 
In terms of industrial offering, bearing is requiring anything that needs. Right. There is an automotive 
sector. And then anything which is outside of automotive. For example, a company might be producing 
F&B products, or it could be a textile industry, or it could be a sealant industry or a steel industry. They 
all require manufacturing machine. Right. In the manufacturing machine, mostly they will need things 
to move from one place to another. When we say industry, pretty much all industries which are into 
manufacturing typically requires everything clocked together, whether it is textiles or whether it is steel, 
cement, ring, all of them. Wherever there are moving parts, it will go by the second party.  
 
Speaker 3 
 
How much we are manufacturing in industrial, within the company, and how much we are taking from 
the system concern whether or outside.  
 
Speaker 1 
So again, if you look at ballpark. Right. Our automotive share, almost 90% to 95% is manufactured in 
India, whereas industry around 70% is important. This important doesn't improve the technology. So, I 
would say anything, which is technology, whatever sales happens. Right. You need to understand. So 
typically, the bearing comes in all sizes. So, bearing in an Ahmedabad factory could be as big as this 
one. Right. So predominantly the bearings which are manufactured, require a different level of 
technology. Right. So that's why those bearings are manufactured. So again, you need to understand 
from automotive perspective, whenever we expand capacity, we work with our players and understand 
what the requirements are, what the group potential is. We develop product along with them and based 
on which we expand capacity whereas in the industrial sector there are very large assortments, so it is 
not possible to easily expand. We have to understand the volumes because we should have enough 
volumes. We don't want our channels to remain idle. That's where the focus is always to kind of 
understanding what the demand is going to be for a particular time. 
 
 
Speaker 3 
The quantities are less in an automotive you can make one type of bearing and you can send 20 million 
of that right? 
 
Speaker 1 (02:30:21) 
 
So, running a channel is very easy because it's a small size bearing, it runs continuously, the 
applications are different, right? So, because the applications are different there are different continuous 
change in the channel, right? Like say if a customer requires 5000. It still takes time, as that's where 
before we invest, we have to understand what the market potential is because every channel can make 
a certain size of bearing. A channel cannot make all types of bearing because the bearing size varies 
so we have to look at that but definitely the focus is on localization because it gives us better margins 
as well. It’s very difficult to say that we have a target as we are continuously looking at the market and 
looking at the potential that the market has. India if you say compared to China the potential for the 
industrial product is much lesser. So, it's not easy to make a big investment and then if the channel is 
running at 20% capacity, then the cost of manufacturing will go up significantly and it will not be viable 
so we have to look at that aspect before we say okay, we can invest right? But definitely from a business 
standpoint wherever we see opportunity we are making so that's where you see our Capex fund has 
also gone up from last year. Again, what it would be in the following year is difficult to predict but one 
of the things from an organization perspective is that we want to be close to our customers, we want to 
address the lead times that it takes for customers and that can only happen when you manufacture so 
the objective is that, but it has to make business sense the business visibility. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 (02:32:45) 
 
So, I cannot say okay this much I need to have a fair comfort.  We can have this fair capacity but there 
has to be a reasonable capacity to absorb a decent amount of fixed costs and then apart from that, the 
other important aspect is that industrial dealings require components which is primarily not all grades 
so we have to utilize the components. So, it is not just that I go and set up the channel. There has to be 
vendors who should be, who are in a program, who are in that situation. We're able to supply that rate 
even at the supplier level, we have to fix the component supplies and then only we can go to it. So, in 
terms of end-to-end localization, you touched upon the right point into whatever we are manufacturing 
here.  
 
As to what will be our localization in the component level, stream level - I don't have the number. We 
have increased our suppliers from five to six suppliers. Now I think we've increased by two or three 
because there is a lot of engineering work. Right. Not all suppliers can supply the quality of steel. 
Bearings require very high quality of steel. So not all suppliers can supply that very, very easily. A lot of 
steel, even big players like Tata Steel and all that are not making that grade of steel that is required. So 
that is a journey. There is a constant effort from an SKF perspective, given that global supply chain 
constraints, the lead times have increased. The mandate that we have, we want to localize as much as 
possible, but it has to make business sense and we have to fix the entire supply chain, not just go and 
set up a channel, but there is a long process. Right. Like in terms of when you're trying to localize the 
steel, you need to look at the quality of the steel that vendor goes through. Lot of testing and validation 
because we cannot compromise. That's where especially in the industrial space, it takes time to do 
these.  
 
Speaker 3 
If I want to do, say, Spherical, cylindrical or taper, do we require separate capacity or we can do it on 
the same?  
 
 
Speaker 1 (02:36:07) 
 
No, it depends. The technology gives a very clear answer. But typically, every channel has a size 
limitation and not every channel is making all types. So, a channel might be making a ball bearing. So, 
it all depends on that. So, one is to look at what are the kind of bearings that we can make in a particular 
type of channel versus what is the demand that exists in the market and whether it would keep my 
channel sufficiently utilized for me to go and set up that channel. Right. The other important thing is that 
our product 50% of the cost is steel. And whether you get steel in India or whether you get it outside of 
India, there is no significant cost efficiency. The cost efficiency is only coming in terms of labor. Right. 
Where you are, 50% of the cost is steel. There's a significant cost benefit of setting a manufacturing 
facility, but it's relatively small. If you enter the channel, mostly it's automated. So, it's not that I need 
hundreds of people to run a channel. Right. A channel could run with 5 or 6 people. 
 
Speaker 3 
Which are the key segments where you see the growth is happening.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:38:10) 
 
Right. Now across industry, I would say the growth is happening across all sectors. It's difficult to say 
that this segment is good. But all our businesses are good. How much will be the cost of all recently 
only that's why government put a curb because everybody was just trying to make maximum amount 
of money that they can. So that has had an impact on our margin. Our deal costs substantially gone up. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (02:40:49) 
 
So, it might also be helping the top line because of the steel inflation. So, it may not be completely 
passing on top line, especially in the last quarter. We have taken a significant price increase where you 
see that our profitability in the last quarter increased substantially compared to last quarter.  
 
Speaker 1 
Definitely on the top line. If you look at the growth percentages, the base was also low. 
 
Speaker 2 (02:42:12) 
 
My apologies for that. Thank you once again for meeting us. I think the idea is just to get an update on 
the business and lot of moving parts and so on, no pun intended. And how do you see the company 
navigating that? And obviously the inflationary environment. We were just talking about how you've 
taken some price increases and your margins have become nicely. So, I think if you could just comment 
on the overall sort of demand environment and then how do you see profitability and this is a good start 
and then we can maybe move to new products.  
 
Speaker 1 (02:43:28) 
 
Is that for me or who else? There's always some cyclical up and down but that's true in any environment. 
I cannot point towards the trend that we are seeing but we can't outlier for too long. There is a long 
winter coming pretty much everywhere in the world. But I have no crystal ball. All I can say is as I said 
today, demand inflation continues to be a problem affecting us directly and indirectly, indirectly through 
consumers buying less and therefore people making less and therefore buying less credits from us. We 
are seeing some flattening of those price increase now, but we're not seeing any withdrawal of those 
price increases and I think they're here to stay for some time. There is a question of how better we 
absorb those price increases. Either we pass them on, or we manage our cost better, we optimize 
whatever we need to do. But that's kind of certainly a concern for us. In summary, demand is not so 
much of a concern. Inflation on the steel side, commodity side certainly a concern for us. so far, we 
manage that really well. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:45:07) 
But there's a limit to how much we can pass on. 
 
Speaker 3 
 
And within the overall demand how are you seeing things? Because we would hope that the industrial 
side will be picking up a little bit faster and within auto of course there's a lot of different parts because 
EVs are doing well, PV is doing okay, 2 wheelers are not so well. That's the overall observation that we 
have. But if you could maybe just break that up a little bit between aftermarket OEM segments and 
customer wise segment prices? 
 
Speaker 1 
 
Yeah. So, you're right. All the details are correct. On the aftermarket - well, one thing is of course how 
is the market? That's one way to look at. But more importantly for us, how are we doing in that market 
and are we losing share or gaining share? It doesn't matter if the market is growing at 2% or 8%, but I'll 
be growing at more than or less than the market rate. On the OEM side, two-Wheeler remains our 
strong part and why it's important, even though we are seeing a temporary slow down here. And why 
it's important is that despite all the buzz you hear around electrification of two wheelers, this is a small 
business right now but in the next few years the two-Wheeler electrification will be led by the legacy. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (02:46:53) 
 
So, it is important to recognize that is our strength. So, I'm quite happy with our relationships in the 2 
wheelers space. I think we want to be in the space and doing well and more importantly we are getting 
into partnerships with all the legacy techs because two wheelers are so big for us. It is so big for us 
because 60 years ago when we entered India, we partnered very well with those players at the time 
developing their own tools which is why with Bajaj we have a strong partnership. We are seeing a repeat 
of that happening now on the electrification side. So that's 2 wheelers. Passenger segment we are not 
strong at all. We never have been. I think we've made a decision before, but we can live with it, it's 
okay. On commercial again, we are very strong and on tractors we remain okay. But it's not a big space 
for us that's on the OE side. Aftermarket is where we think we have a lot of potential to grow. We are 
low digits or high single digits on the aftermarket share and that's where we want to grow. Therefore, 
there is no reason why we can't be mid 20s in the aftermarket space and the aftermarket market share 
growth, whatever the market is growing by 8% or 9%. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:48:33) 
 
If we want to double our share, we have to grow at much more than the market growth rate. And that's 
driven by availability, reach, pricing, product, etc. We're working on all those things. We can talk about 
all that in a few minutes.  
 
 
Speaker 1 
None of the industrial segments is more than 8% of our business. So, we are fairly well diversified. 
Something goes down, something comes up, etc. But on the whole, industrials are growing faster than 
automotive. In one quarter, Railways, wind pick up, Motors and FNB might pick up, etc. But in general, 
although industrial automotive mix for us in India is 50-50, globally, it's 70-30 in favour of industrial. And 
over time we will gravitate towards that mix. And I think it's already happening. Now. We're increasing 
by one and a half points every year. But over the next, whatever time period it takes, we will gravitate 
towards that. And that's important for us because industrial certainly is growing faster. It's a better 
margin business. We have superior strength there. It's a better margin, of course. That’s true.  
  
Speaker 3 
Because of the traded element, the investment business profits.  
 
 
Speaker 1 
That's a specific dynamic of what we do here. In general like to like. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:50:14) 
Industrials has a better margin business than automotive.  
 
Speaker 3 
But not in India.  
 
Speaker 1 
In India, absolutely. It will only become better to localize more. Automotive is a low simulation.  
 
Speaker 3 
I thought, with the aftermarket put together because of the difference. 
 
Speaker 1 
Automotive is a business. It's a legacy business for us. That's how we were set up in the country and 
we needed to put the factories in terms of a fixed cost.  
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 3 
 
And I know this question has been asked a lot, the obsession with EV, and I know it will take time and 
so on. But as we move along the journey, we obviously want to get sort of incremental feedback from 
the company in terms of how you geared up, because obviously there's a lot of uncertainty in the 
beginning. And as time goes by, you will get a great degree of certainty in terms of the growth and the 
content and so on and so forth. So, if you would like to comment a little bit on that, in terms of how 
disruptive can that be? I know it will take time. There'll still a lot of legacy. 
 
Speaker 3 (02:51:35) 
There'll be big aftermarket industrial, is there, and so on.  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Sure, by disruptive, you mean for us in the bearing space or just market in general for you in the bearing 
space? Not at all. And I can talk about us here, SKF, and not in general bearings. Our strength in 
automotive is the VSM. 80% of what we sell is in the VSM. In the EV, the number of bearings will go 
down. But although the number of bearings will go down, the quality and the type of bearing will change. 
We will now move from a low speed to a high speed there. A high noise to a low noise there. So those 
price per bearings also go up. I don't expect it to go down for any bearings, including us. Now it depends 
on who has the technology to be able to make those new engineered products. Because now, for 
example, if you need to suddenly replace the steels balls in a bearing with ceramic balls, I mean, who 
has the sourcing capability, who has the global connections, who has the technology to be able to 
source the ceramic bearing? 
 
 
Speaker 1 (02:53:23) 
 
And it's not ceramic of the teacups. This is very high-quality ceramic. Do we have tie-ups with suppliers 
who can make that ceramic? Do we have converters who can take that ceramic and convert to a ball 
where the dimensions are in microns, not millimetres? Do we have a supplier who can make a nine 
Micron ball and a ten Micron ball? Not just one or two, but 10 million of these, it can't be 9.5 microns. 
So that's what we'll in electrification. So, I don't think it's as receptive for someone like us because this 
is not new for us globally. China has 95%. Most of Europe is now moving towards electric passenger 
vehicles, whereas in the US and we have the relationships, we know what works there. So, we're waiting 
for the market in India to pick up speed and we haven't yet invested in electrification. 
 
Speaker 3 
How was the China experience?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
Yeah, I don't have specifically, but all I know is that we have a good market share in China with 2 
wheelers. And because 95% of that is after 2 wheelers, I have to presume we are very strong in that, 
but I don't have any insights on the channel. 
 
Speaker 3 (02:54:51) 
 
And is it fair to say that because of how things will change a little bit, industrial will pick up a little bit 
over a period of time? That two years from now or three years from now, is it fair to say that profitability 
will trend upwards because mix will sort of improve?  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 
 
You don't have to go two years out. You can compare the last two years. You can even look at history 
in the future and it is trending, and that uptrend will keep going. The slope of the uptrend becomes 
sharper or not. It depends on how fast they grow. But that's already happened and that's driven by mix.  
 
Speaker 3 
You pointed out about 80% of bearing from the OEM side. But you guys don't do all those things. 
 
Speaker 1 
We do. We're not zero in that. But that's not our business.  
 
Speaker 3 
We have been in past talking a lot about. But now you're saying that we are kind of given up on the 
passenger side.  
 
Speaker 1 
No, I didn't say that. I said it's not a focus yet. But I said I don't give it up. I said we can live with it. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:56:18) 
 
But live with it means that we have a share in the PV business, and we can live it. Our intent is not to 
grow the business. Since the last year, industrial for everybody has grown like anything. I think it's 
important to also dissect numbers that you see what is called industrial in Schaeffler may be different 
from what we call industrial. And then I'll let you figure out the differences. That's one. Second, it’s a 
number of things. Leave that aside. I'll just comment on SKF. Now it is about 7% of our automotive 
business. It's not a big business and we are partners of choice, suppliers of choice to all manufacturers. 
That's kind of where our strength is. And I don't know if it doubles after market.  
 
Speaker 2 
Last time that we met you said that there is another similar industrial aftermarket. When we last met, 
you said 30% penetration of the bearing will be from aftermarket. 
 
Speaker 1 (02:58:38) 
 
What I may have said is one in four variants sold in the country or counterfeit, which is true in general 
for automotive or industrial. And I don't think that's going to change ever. That's just the market. The 
comment I may have made is that in industrial people do not know they are buying counterfeit. They 
think they're buying genuine SKF. In many cases they are paying a higher price because they think 
they're buying SKF at a premium. In automotive, they know they are buying counterfeit and they're 
paying a lower price. But this one in four. Will it be true in industrial as well? Yes. When you need a 
bearing and you go out and you call and you can't find SKF for Schaeffler or Timken, you will call your 
friend. Are there any leapfrogs in technology to stem this? Because we've been shared with us for a 
long time and this issue of spurious products has also been for a long time.  
 
Speaker 1 (03:00:04) 
 
Exactly. Okay. It has to start with education. That's wrong phrase. Let me give an example. We have a 
large F&B player, a large multinational player whose name you can guess. They make dairy. They have 
a factory in North India somewhere in Punjab. They wanted to change a bearing but for some reason 
the local SKF distributor there did not have the bearing in stock. So the purchasing guy in the factory 
called his Mama somewhere. They bought a ‘genuine’ SKF rating at a 45% premium and they put it in 
the line. It worked for four days and they're scrambling and then they call us. What is wrong with you 
guys? Use SKF bearing. Let's fill in four days. This is bad quality. That's crazy but shouldn't happen. 
So we send an engineer to the factory, we take the bearing out and we show them this is not genuine. 
 

 
 
Speaker 1 (03:01:36) 
 
So, the point is that people are forced to buy what they think are genuine. They're not buying counterfeit 
unless we know it's a counterfeit bank. That's our failure that we did not have a bearing in stock at the 
time. Therefore, in a way the guy was forced to go and buy something else. So, it's all about how we 
ensure bearings are available where they need to be used at the right time. It's not a bad change. I'm 
just surprised all the changes technology has the ability to sort of individually mark out items digitally 
and so on and so forth. It's a slow burn constantly. They are assuming they don't know one in four has 
come to fit you. And I know this, but there's no way to check with new technology that once I buy a 
product and I scan it and I can figure out that this product, why will they even do that? Because you just 
assume they don't know you. And I know one in four is counterfeit. That purchasing guy in that factory 
in Punjab, he did not know that. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:02:54) 
 
If someone tells him, look, I have SKF packaging, why would he think it's counterfeit. When you go buy 
a Coke bottle from a store, you don't scan the Coke. Now Coke might know one in four coke is 
counterfeit but you don't know that you're not checking every bottle same way. So therefore, the 
education becomes important. But even more important becomes making sure that we have availability 
of genuine Coke bottles where you are drinking Coke.  
 
So, is that a fair comment? No. Our distribution coverage, and we have the best coverage in the country 
is about 10,000 pin codes. They are still half the country which does not have a distribution coverage. 
Now you could argue there are some really obscure villages somewhere of course given all that, but 
there's still a lot more that needs to happen. So, one is improving coverage across the country. But 
more importantly, even in those 10,000 pin-codes, how do we prevent stock ups and that's ongoing. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:04:37) 
 
It's a slow burn. Yeah, it will take time but that's something we need to do every day. It won't happen 
overnight. We need to digitize. We need to have a delivery. So, for example, we launched an Eshop on 
January 1 last year with a committed delivery time of 48 hours. So, wherever you are in the country, in 
those 10,000 pin-codes we service, If you go online and place an order, you will get a genuine SKF.  
 
And one thing I will just ask specific size of bearing. No size is different from the type you confuse 612 
inches you mentioned and then you mentioned type. One is size and one is type. The channels or lines 
are set up by sizes, not by type in the same size range. The problem comes in the channel in the sites.  
 
Speaker 1 (03:06:22) 
 
So, there's some flexibility within the size of the bearing but you cannot make a wind bearing which is 
like of the size of this room or a motor bearing. It's not that simple but it can be done. I think what's firing 
for us are the infrastructure segments. So, cement, steel, construction equipment, mining, material 
handling. That's firing for us because we are seeing a lot of Capex in those things. Railways is not 
seeing a lot of capital, so far, we are only hearing about freight. I mean we are not seeing those great 
developments. You had no slowdown there in the last two and a half years in Steel, cement, construction 
etc.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
You also now I believe have a regional responsibility. So, does that change things in any way? And the 
fact that China has gone through its own supply chain issues. For China big supply outside of China 
and is this just going to be a business which is I wouldn't say a filler business but is this a concerted big 
opportunity or is it philosophically? 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 (03:08:16) 
 
SKF has always believed it being local and we may have a different philosophy. That's okay. We don't 
have sales teams out there scouting for new business. If someone in Brazil wants some bearings and 
we have some spare capacity, so we make friendship with you, then you sell to your customers. So, we 
don't sell to any customer from it.  
 
The only thing I'll say is that I have a regional role on industrial. If we need to localize more, we need to 
have scale, unlike an automotive factory. An automotive manufacturing line can turn out 10 million 
bearings a year of the same type. Industrial sizes are 5000 bearings, 10,000 bearings, 100,000 
bearings. So, there we cannot put up a line unless you have scale. So, then we would say, okay, let's 
look at the demand in Australia, Malaysia, et cetera, Indonesia, India. And if that scale means setting 
up a factory in India, China, Malaysia or someplace, we will do that. But that's again, a manufacturing 
decision. It's not an export. Sales aftermarket has been growing. We are growing big time.  
 
Speaker 1 (03:09:58) 
 
In Automotive, we need to increase share. And we have now just launched the last six to eight months 
of brand-new distribution model, really based on efficiency model, because till now it was a distributor 
model. We set distributors and they would do whatever they wanted. We need to take control of a 
channel that's a quality need to make all the time. Where is the balance between you can drop prices 
by 10% and maybe gain 8% market share or you can increase 10% loss, but that's a balance you make 
all the time. But certainly, we don't want to be the bottom feeder because that's the reason we want to 
keep talking prices. At some point, other people will catch it. We are happy to send you a single digit 
market share with the aspiration to automobile off the market, because that's one business where we 
have the lowest market share amongst all our segments. Typically, we are late teens or early 20s in 
most of our segments.  
 
 
Speaker 2 
Just if you could remind me, I know a very rudimentary question, but with an auto, what is the 
contribution aftermarket? I'm giving you directional numbers and the aftermarket profitability in 
industrial, and auto would be similar. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:12:02) 
It would be much higher. Let's take Tata Steel as an example. When Tata Steel sets up a new production 
line, they will be working with manufacturers who supply within these lines. So, we would work with 
those people. So, when they supply a new Smelting line, to make it, you work with them and then you 
work with Tata Steel on the aftermarket business. So, once it's installed, and then who will maintain 
that? What happens when it needs to come back for maintenance or when it pays? Even that means 
hand holding. So for the OEMs, we would work with their suppliers. So, once we come to a fixed 
operation, then it's like consumables. Every consumable means it's consumed on a regular basis. But 
these are bearings that sometimes can afford to fail. If it fails, it will cause loss of growth per day.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
Any comment on the competitive landscape, if anything has changed segment wise or any other 
observation that you have that you're seeing people less aggressive, more aggressive, gaining share, 
new product introductions, however you'd like to define, maybe it's common to you. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:14:52) 
 
Competition in the bearing space falls in three or four categories. One is the large global multinational, 
and that's basically three of us. And we have our strengths, we have our weaknesses in various 
segments, and you know all the details. Then there are the local regional competitors, not globally. 
These could be Chinese companies or Japanese companies or Korean companies who are basically  

 
 
attached to OEMs in their home countries and who move with them. The reason we can live with a poor 
share in the PV space is because most PV manufacturers are tied up with component manufacturers 
in their home country. I don't want to waste my time and effort working with Suzuki in Japan or Hyundai 
in Korea. It's not worth my time right now. So, we let that be. Then there are the local comparisons. In 
our case in India, people like NBC, et cetera, they do a fine job, they make good products. In terms of 
what has changed, I think what has changed is that those regional competitors, those Chinese, Korean, 
Japanese competitors, are really having a tough time and nothing to do with the local issues with 
geopolitics and trade, et cetera. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:16:32) 
 
In general, we don't see them being able to scale up outside of their established relationship. It was 
okay for them to come into India when Hyundai was expanding, but beyond that, expansion is 
challenging. So, there's tremendous growth rates riding their wave of expansion. And then we all said, 
oh my God, what's happening here? We're using share, et cetera, et cetera. But now when Hyundai is 
kind of wherever they are or like Kia now is expanding, they have a good share there, but they're not 
able to go beyond that. And they tried really hard. Why? I don't know. That's one thing that has changed. 
On the other hand, Indian manufacturers, are expanding beyond India. In contrast, they're really able 
to expand well into some specific segments, specific countries outside India and do a fine job. I suppose 
you get this question of actually not scaling up. So just curious about how you would think about them 
and more curious about any weaknesses because I think of the good stuff, and we need stuff to talk 
about. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:18:12) 
 
But if you have anything that you feel that they're not so good at, I cannot comment on that at all. Even 
forget the weaknesses. But in general, same answer they supply to us.  
 
Speaker 2 
Let me ask you differently. What share do they have with you?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
There's information that we share with them. I cannot comment on the share with us or the weaknesses 
or strengths, et cetera. Is it possible to commit? Who's the other besides them? Is it globally? Is it two 
or three supplies, multiple suppliers? Again, I'll just push a little bit a desire over a period of time to 
consolidate in this category the number of supplies. In general, I think it's tough for the answer. Honestly. 
Components we would like to consolidate simply because we need a certain scale for them to be able 
to invest if technology changes happen very rapidly. Let's take an example in the future, ceramic 
bearings we spoke about that. I don't want to have ten ceramic bearings. Maybe I would have two 
because that is so specific. It is so Capex intensive. We need to have large, two or three players who 
partner with us, make the right investments in technology and manufacturing to be able to meet our 
customers. 
 
Speaker 1 (03:20:30) 
 
But in others we are okay with the larger bits as long as they have reasonable scale, and reasonable 
investments. You're okay with that? But here's what I will tell you and this is public information. Harsha 
supplies to many SKF entities across the world. But that's not a function on the confidence. It's a function 
on the reach and the network and how long they've been in the business. That's a very bad comparison 
for obvious reasons. I'm just saying steady state business don't compare to convert rates and all that 
internally for them we look at show me 2020. That's a good comparison. So, I was a steady state three 
year. Just going back, a little bit in terms of raw material increases and the pass on thereof, is that 
considering how prices are moved up, is that more or less done? Because now pretty much most, 
except for probably energy has levelled off and to some extent steel has come down. So does that 
mean not at all. Not yet. We're talking to them. Not yet but go ahead. 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 2 (03:22:53) 
So, does that mean that you've passed on pretty much everything that you needed to? Is it now 
incremental new movement in price?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
We still have scope to pass on more increases and I think it's an ongoing thing and we may have passed 
on maybe 60 - 70% and I'm giving you a ballpark number, but I think there's still scope to pass on more. 
We obviously can't pass on the full 100% that will never happen. But there's still some scope possible. 
I'm assuming it is an inflationary environment and customers are receptive. This is not an unusual 
request. Everybody is asking question of negotiation back and forth. It depends how much pricing power 
you have. Sure. It depends on that. But in general customers are assessed. I would agree with that. 
Sure. It's a slightly long-term question. If you look at it for five, six years, if not longer, where can this 
profitability, which is sort of TCC percent, where can that be five years from now? Let's assume that 
industrial is early 20s profit margin and automotive is high single efficient. Therefore, now it's only a 
question of when and how fast that mix changes. 
 
 
Speaker 1 (03:24:52) 
 
If industrial delay is 50%, that becomes 70% - 30%. There's a point of time when we did face this here. 
Globally, we've not done it recently. But the margin there is far lower than what you would find in India. 
Right. So, the reason I asked that, I mean for five years from now, we used to be very far from where 
the markets are. But that market is obviously gone to a much lower margin level despite having much 
more industrial. So, I'm not sure whether we get there, but why is that Indian profitability is so much 
higher than what you see outside of cost? Is the gross margin compatible? I haven't done the research, 
but I would think it would be the employee cost and the energy and all of that. I don't know the exact 
number, but I would have to assume it will be comparable. I didn't know whether the gross budget and 
longer term over a five, six-year period every year gross is going to vary. And we've particularly seen it 
in the last four or five years that we've had sort of all over the place because of the amount. 
 
Speaker 2 (03:26:15) 
 
But is it fair to say that if we get back to a normalized GDP growth of 600% in real terms and normal 
terms and you should typically grow 3% more than that because you'll gain share, you'll have the 
industry grow a little bit faster and you obviously do all the stuff it should sort of help out? Is that a fair 
is a 15 -16% growth number over a five-year period? Is that something which is your comment on the 
higher side, low side or something which is accurate?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
I would actually say some of those and that's the bare minimum. SKF globally has made a statement 
they want to double their business by 2030 and therefore they're looking at an 8% growth between now 
and 2030. Now, I have to presume at the bare minimum, we have to be double that. Just given the way 
we are. That's the bar right now of 16%. That's the lowest number we need to hit. Most likely will be 
above that. Sure. The aftermarket seems to be an area, both industrial and auto where you can 
turbocharge the growth and the balance will depend on the market. The growth will come from industrial 
OEM and I think automotive aftermarket industrial aftermarket we are fairly well penetrated now. It's a 
question of when and it's a slow burn. 
 
Speaker 3 (03:28:16) 
We'll get this. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Speaker 1 (03:28:16) 
 
The industrial aftermarket shares similar to the OEM share. Industrial aftermarket pretty much follows 
industrial only. We know where it goes, right. Because we know what to do there. Now in automotive, 
we don't know what to do to be able to get sold. That's the difference every year and that kind of broadly 
non-maintenance capital.  
 
Speaker 2 
At what point do you have to do a green fee?  
 
Speaker 1 
 
I don't know the exact number, but anecdotally not for the next five, six years simply because we have 
enough. And more land available around in the factories. 140 acres. Wow. Of that, 70 acres is the Pune 
factory because someone had the foresight to buy that land in early 50s. It's not the middle of Pune. It's 
worth a lot of money. All right. Wrap up here. Okay, good. Thank you very much.  
 
Speaker 2 
 
I think we should always give thanks to SKF. We've been long time shareholders and it's been an 
incredibly rewarding experience and we had 9% for a long time below that. 
 
Speaker 2 (03:30:56) 
And every once in a while, sometimes now I get tempted to sell this business evaluation and it has 
never been a rewarding experience to sell this, but it really is remarkable how well the company has 
done under many different managements. Take care, bye. 
 
END 
