 
Page 1 of 1 
Aether Industries Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. 8203, GIDC Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
Phone: +91-261-6603000  ||  Email: accounts@aether.co.in  ||  Web: www.aether.co.in  II  CIN: U24100GJ2013PLC073434 
Factory: Plot No. 8203, Beside Shakti Distillery, Near Rajkamal Chokdi, Road No. 8, Sachin GIDC, Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
 
23rd June, 2022 
 
Ref. No.: AIL/SE/10/2022-23 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001, MH. 
 
Scrip Code: 543534 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051, MH. 
 
Symbol: AETHER 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Conference Call   
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial 
performance of the Company for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ended on 31st March, 
2022, conducted on Friday, 17th June, 2022.  
 
We request you to kindly take the information on your records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
For Aether Industries Limited 
 
Chitrarth Rajan Parghi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 

Page 1 of 13
“Aether Industries Limited
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call”
June 17, 2022
ANALYST:
MR. NILESH GHUGE — HDFC SECURITIES
MANAGEMENT: DR. AMAN DESAI – PROMOTER & WHOLE TIME
DIRECTOR - AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. ROHAN DESAI – PROMOTER & WHOLE TIME
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. FAIZ NAGARIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. RAVI BHOJANI – LEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS -
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 2 of 13
Moderator:
Ladies and gentleman good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY2022 earnings conference
call of Aether Industries Limited hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need an assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Nilesh Ghuge:
Thank you. Good evening to all. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome everyone to this
Aether Industries conference call to discuss 4Q results and full year ended March 2022
results. It is a pleasure of having with us top management team from Aether Industries
represented by Dr. Aman Desai – Promoter & Whole Time Director, Mr. Rohan Desai –
Promoter & Whole Time Director – Aether Industries, Mr. Faiz Nagariya – CFO and Mr.
Ravi Bhojani – Lead- Investor Relations for Aether Industries, and without further ado, I
will now handover the floor to the management for making the opening comments. Over to
you Sir!
Ravi Bhojani:
Good evening, everyone, this is Ravi Bhojani handling Investor Relations for Aether
Industries. Thank you, Nilesh, for the brief introduction. This is our first earnings call for
Aether Industries post listing, so very happy to connect with you all.
To begin with on June 16, 2022 our Board has approved the results for quarter ended and
year ended March 31, 2022 and we have released the same on the stock exchanges as well
as updated on our website yesterday. Please note that this conference call is being recorded
and the transcript of the same will be made available on the website of Aether. Please also
note that the audio of the conference call is a copyrights material of Aether Industries
Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without specific
and written consent of the company. Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call,
our discussion will include certain forward-looking statements, which are predictions,
projections or other estimates about future events. This estimate reflects management’s
current expectations on future performance of the company. Please note that these estimates
involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual result to defer materially
from what is expressed or implied. Aether Industries or its officials does not undertake any
obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of future
events or otherwise. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Desai to share the updates.
Over to you Rohan Sir!

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 3 of 13
Rohan Desai:
Thank you Ravi. I hope everybody is doing well and I am happy to connect with all of you
to discuss the performance of our company for Q4 and financial year ending 2022. This is
the first time we are announcing our results post listing and having direct interaction with
all of you. I will begin by sharing the high-level overview of Aether and then request our
CFO, Faiz Nagariya to cover the financial highlights for the period under review and then
ask Dr. Aman to talk more on the ongoing expansions and our strategies.
First let me take a little bit on the business environment. The current global macro
environment continues to be challenging both on a geopolitical front and on persistent
inflationary environment. The cost of coal and fuel has spiked utility overheads by
electricity, gas and fuel in various industries. We have seen the price of commodity
chemicals drastically increasing and also have faced huge logistic cost increase heading to
supply chain constraint. Nevertheless, we continue to work closely and to wherever with
our customers and are having regular discussions with them for navigating through the
current environment and increasing business opportunities.
Despite the various headwinds, we are happy that all of our business segments did grow in
FY2022, and we were able to add new customers and increase the wallet share of our
existing customers. Let me reiterate again that Aether is focused on core competencies of
chemistry, technology and systems, these are the three circles under which Aether operates
and the products selected, developed and commercialized falls in the center of these three
circles. In a layman term we are not dependent on any segments of chemical industries nor
are we dependent on any particular verticals of the segments. We have developed three
business models in the last five years of commercialization. 67% of our total topline comes
out of large-scale manufacturing business model, 8% comes out of contract research and
manufacturing services business model, which funnels into the third and interesting
business model which is contract/exclusive manufacturing, which constitute 24% of our
total topline. Our sales mix as on March 2022 stands as Pharma 60%, Agro 25%, Material
Science 4%, High Performance Photography 5%, Coating 3%, Oil and Gas 1%, and others
as 2%. Our export stands at 65%, which includes the exports to SEZ and EOU units in India
and domestic sales stands at 35%. Aether being a responsible specialty chemical company
has engaged in numerous CSR activities and in the last three financial years the company
has spent approximately Rs.20 million towards the CSR activities with the main focus on
education leading to construction of school in underprivileged areas in Dang and Tapi
regions which are located in Gujarat state. We have inaugurated three schools in the last
three years and also on last Wednesday which is June 15, 2022 we have inaugurated one
more school in Dang area in Gujarat. With this I would now request Mr. Faiz Nagariya to
share the financial highlights of Q4 and FY2022.

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 4 of 13
Faiz Nagariya:
Thank you Rohan. Good evening all of you and I welcome you all to the first earnings call
of Aether Industries after getting listed. I am glad to inform you all that we have achieved
total revenue of 597 Crores for FY2022, reflecting a growth of 32% over the corresponding
previous year FY2021. The sales revenue of the company increased by 31% from Rs.450
Crores in FY2021 to 590 Crores in FY2022. The average selling price of our products
during FY2022 has been Rs.1479 per kg. The company has been able to generate EBITDA
of Rs.175 Crores in FY2022 against Rs.161 Crores in FY2021 thereby showing an increase
of 51% increase year-on-year. The increase in revenues and EBITDA has allowed the
company to capitalize on the PAT levels which have increased by 53% from Rs.71 Crores
in FY2021 to Rs.109 Crores in FY2022. We have capitalized assets worth Rs.43 Crores
during the year and our CWIP stands 58 Crores as on March 31, 2022. The ROE was
28.16% and ROCE was 23.96% for FY2022. I would also like to inform you that after the
IPO, all our debts have been paid off and we are a debt free company today. Now I would
like to request Dr. Aman to talk on expansions and strategic plans of the company. Thank
you.
Aman Desai:
Thank you Faiz. Good afternoon, everybody, I just wanted to touch based on the various
expansions and activities going on in the company and the strategy moving forward. All the
plans that we had for the growth trajectory of the company and the expansion plans and the
growth plans, which we announced at the time of listing are firmly in place and on track. As
we have mentioned before during the time of listing we had already initiated the
construction of our new greenfield manufacturing facility which is our third facility and that
is already finished with the civil construction components are almost finished and we are
going to start installing the reactors in this new Greenfield production site in this month and
the next month and the idea is to have this Greenfield manufacturing site commissioned and
completed by the end of this calendar year 2022 so that by January, February, March we
can anticipate revenues and earnings from this new Greenfield manufacturing site. The
R&D expansion is ongoing significantly and aggressively. As of two months ago or last
month we have doubled the R&D infrastructure and by next month, we will almost triple
our R&D infrastructure. At the time of the public listing, we have mentioned the number of
5.4% of our overall annual revenues going towards R&D expenditure at the end of the last
fiscal year that number has gone up to 6.6%. The 6.6% of our revenues of the last fiscal
year was towards R&D expenditure. We have now a total of 164 employees including the
scientists and engineers in R&D and we are expanding this even further.
Pilot Plant has been aggressively expanded and now we are one of the largest pilot plants in
the world, which function as piloting our own molecules as we launch new molecules in
production and also functions at the standalone manufacturing facility for our CRAMS

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 5 of 13
business model which is for the production of high value low volume products. We are
launching five new products in this current financial year in the new upcoming Greenfield
manufacturing site and these five products are advanced intermediates for pharmaceuticals
being launched by us for the first time in India, there will be no competition for these new
products that we are launching in India. Currently these five products that we are launching
represent 100s of Crores of imports into India, which we essentially will be the first
company in India making these products. We continue to evaluate and refine our core
competency buckets of chemistries and technologies and go towards more advanced and
niche competencies continuously and in the business models of contract research and
manufacturing services as well as exclusive manufacturing, we are aggressively expanding
the business model and in a post pandemic era now as the world opens up we anticipate a
tremendous influx of opportunities in the CRAMS business model and we are already
seeing this happening, lying over the last one month where tremendous number of
opportunities and inquiries are coming our way. We are an established reliable robust
partner with the largest innovator multinational companies across the spectrum in the
CRAMS business model and we are perfectly situated now to capitalize on this new era in a
post pandemic world where these opportunities somewhere start rolling in again and India
as a preferred destination today as I have mentioned several times in the past India is a
preferred destination today for research and scale up and manufacturing partnerships for
innovators all over the world. We continue to maintain a very high standard of QEHS
Quality, Environment, Health and safety. We have been audited seven times in three years
and we have successfully passed all these audits. We have now installed a 100,000 liters per
day in-house zero liquid discharge waste treatment plant, 15.4% of our staff is dedicated to
quality, environment, health and safety. Recently we have been awarded the UN Global
Compact and Silver ranking EcoVadis. Just last month, we participated and exhibited in the
Chemspec Europe show in Frankfurt, Germany where I was personally there along with our
business development leader Dr. Norbert Flüggen of Europe and we had a tremendous
exhibition, a lot of meetings happened with our existing clients as well as new clients which
are innovator companies in the agrochemicals, material science and oil and gas space. This
Chemspec Europe exhibition is a flagship event globally and for the first time actually in
this year, there was no Chinese representation because of the Chinese lockdowns due to
COVID and so it was a perfect opportune movement for Indian companies to represent
themselves without any Chinese representation and we were right there and we had a really
good exhibition and really good meetings and we anticipate the opportunities and the
business growth as a result of these new things from the Chemspec Europe show in
Frankfurt last month. Next weekend we are also traveling to USA for exhibiting in the
Chemicals America show in Charleston, South Carolina where we have actually been

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 6 of 13
exhibiting for the last seven years and again this is the first show in the USA which is
happening in the specialty chemicals segment after the COVID last three years and so again
we have a whole host of meetings already lined up for this exhibition and we anticipate
great meetings and tremendous opportunities arising as a result of this exhibition in the US
as well which is happening over the 28th to 30th of June next to next week.
With that I would like to thank the entire Aether family for all the contributions that they
have done to build this organization of Aether Industries with all modern infrastructure and
systems in the last nine years only. We have been a manufacturing company for only five
years. We thank each and every one, who has put the trust in Aether and for having the
confidence in Aether in our journey. For all the investors who have on-boarded the Aether
bus we thank you all. We truly appreciate your confidence and we assure you that this is
only the start and the beginning of the Aether journey and we greatly look forward to our
interactions with you, with all our investors along in this journey and enjoying the journey
together. So, thank you again everybody for your kind attention and presence today and
Ravi back to you!
Ravi Bhojani:
Thank you Dr. Aman. I think we would now move to the question-and-answer round. We
would request the moderator to open the line for question and answer.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from Ask Investment Managers Limited. Please
go ahead.
Gagan Thareja:
Sir my first question is around your capacity utilization, which I think you indicated in a
media interview is at 80% right now, my understanding is that due to change over times the
optimum utilization can be 85%, please correct me if I am wrong there, but if that is the
case and your new capacity comes in only towards the last quarter of this year would
growth be constrained by lack of capacity at least for the first three quarters of the year?
Rohan Desai:
You are right 80% of capacity utilization, but if you see the documents which we had
presented in the form of DRHP and RHP, we are constantly debottlenecking our plants and
we are rearranging our equipment’s to increase our capacity at every point of time, so we
think that we have reached 90%, 92% capacities in this current fiscal year and we are
already rearranging our equipment’s to achieve better yields and increasing productivity.
Gagan Thareja:
For the year if you could breakdown the sales growth into volume growth and price or sales
mix how much if the growth would have come purely from volume growth?

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 7 of 13
Rohan Desai:
Everything is volume growth only, if you see there is a very minute increase in the selling
prices of various products, if there is a certain raw material which have been increased you
can typically say that the price has increased only by 1.5%, 2% on an average overall vis-à-
vis the whole growth as compared to the last year to the last financial year ending March
2022 is because of the volume growth.
Gagan Thareja:
The two new plants that are under construction what additional capacity do they give you
and when do they get operationalized?
Rohan Desai:
The site 4 gets operationalized in this calendar year towards the end of this calendar year
and site 5 gets operationalized towards the end of next calendar year. Both units give
earnings, both units combined would give us 9000 metric tons manufacturing capacity.
Gagan Thareja:
By what timeframe do you envisage it being optimally utilized once it is commissioned?
Rohan Desai:
Two years.
Gagan Thareja:
One of your customers IPCA in their latest results call indicated that they are now finding
the intermediate pricing has softened down, which they indicated in the past was up pretty
sharply and it has also been put down to a resumption of intermediate supply from China
and one of your key products OTBN has also seen a fairly sharp correction in pricing, if I
understand it correctly, I am just trying to understand if that is the case and on the other
hand input material prices are firm do we see some margin pressure in the interim two, three
quarters before the input material prices also soften down?
Rohan Desai:
So, specifically talking on OTBN,a good catch the price of OTBN has reduced over a
period of time it usually trends at $12, $13 a kilo and which showed a sharp increase in
2019 at $27 which reduced in 2020 at an average of $19, $20 and then further reduced
today at $14, $15 pricing range. What we have done is as the plants are fungible, we were
planning to expand our OTBN facility, but we will change the OTBN streams to the
Bifenthrin Alcohol stream which follows the same chemistry and we would get more
toplines and bottom lines from that particular product. So, we are not increasing our OTBN
capacity as of today, we are keeping the OTBN capacity on a watch basis and we will see
how it goes in this financial year, but overall, the raw material prices are in cycle, a lot of
the raw materials basic building blocks are going up and are still staying up whereas a few
of the raw materials are also coming down on the simultaneous basis. So, for the next two,
three quarters we or any chem spec company will see a challenge, but a lot of corrections
are going to happen on the pricing; however, at Aether we are looking to maintain our

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 8 of 13
margins which we have showcased in the March 2022 financials and we believe that we
will build it up from there.
Gagan Thareja:
When you say you will be aspiring or attempting to maintain margins in a fairly challenging
environment, what key levers would help you do that is there going to be an improvement
in sales mix because the share or the salience of contract manufacturing increases or you
have new launches which come in at higher margins to offset the pricing pressure on your
existing product basket?
Rohan Desai:
We are doing a lot of activities; we are debottlenecking our plants as we speak also. We are
segregating the effluent treatments at source which saves us money of course we could not
do anything about the utility cost at this moment because they are driven by international
prices. What else, we are doing is we are increasing our pie in CRAMS and contract
manufacturing space, in contract research and manufacturing services gives us a better
margin also and we are also adding new molecules which gives us the higher average
selling prices and increased margin also. So, we are doing all these things combined
together as of today to maintain to our targeted margins and increase from there.
Gagan Thareja:
Final question from my side Sir, when the new plant gets commissioned what could be the
incremental operating cost associated with the new plant, I presume it will take you
sometime before the new plant gets to its optimal utilization, so to start with till the time it
is ramping up to its full utilization that cost will not be efficiently or fully absorbed and that
itself could also weigh down on margins, so if you could give us some idea one on what is
the magnitude of the operating cost and two what is your assessment on pressures on
margin as you commission a new capacity?
Rohan Desai:
So what we are doing is we are taking the products which we are launching in the existing
plants and commercialize it from the existing plants, these are fully audited plants by all of
our customers so we will be starting delivering the new molecules out of the existing plants,
which will take away the learning curve costs from the new plants and we think that we will
be able to build up the production capabilities of the new plant at a 50% plus level in the
first two quarters itself only, so we will see some margin pressure overall, but I think that
margin pressure will not be reflected in the growth story and it will not affect our growth
story.
Gagan Thareja:
What could be the magnitude of the additional operating cost if you could give some idea?

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 9 of 13
Faiz Nagariya:
For the additional operating cost to reduce them we also commissioned our solar power
plant which will be operational from July 1, 2022, which will also give us headroom to
reduce the electricity cost, which we will get for the next nine months. The solvent recovery
plant, which Rohan just said we are also doing more material recovery by installing new
MVR plant in the DTP so that will also be helpful in bringing down the raw material cost
for us going forward.
Gagan Thareja:
I appreciate that, my question was what is the additional operating cost associated with the
new capacity?
Faiz Nagariya:
The operational cost coming up will be majorly this will be only the electricity, gas, steam
cost which will be coming up because the normal cost which we have to incur for any
manufacturing site we do not envisage any other out of the box exceptional expenses which
might come up for this.
Gagan Thareja:
You will also need to increase your employee headcount.
Faiz Nagariya:
Yes, that is already envisaged in our business plan which we have already grown up so that
is where we have absorbed, but anything apart from this any exceptional expenses like
which is not even employee cost is there then we have other utility cost, we have staff
welfare, we have various other costs which are already embedded but apart from this there
is nothing which can come exceptionally apart from these things which are there.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Shah. Please go ahead.
Yash Shah:
Hi! This is Yash from Investec. Congratulations Sir on good listing. My question was right
now as you can see that our portfolio is dominated from pharma and agro products I would
like to understand five years down the line where do we see our product portfolio moving,
are we trying to move away from non-pharma, non-agro products?
Faiz Nagariya:
We continue to add products in the pharma and the agro, but the goal eventually is to
balance out all the buckets and make it equitable and so we anticipate the non-pharma, non-
agro sectors to be rising more in the future, but we continue to add in our buckets, but the
goal is to make it equitable.
Yash Shah:
Will you be able to provide some broad level of percentage what will be non-pharma, non-
agro versus pharma, agro?

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 10 of 13
Rohan Desai:
Do not think I would like to speak too much of the future but the consistent goal is to make
the buckets equitable in all the segments and even if you check the various figures for the
last two, three years I think it was predominantly pharma three years ago or two years ago
and the agrochemical has increased quite a bit over the last two years and so now we are
trying to do that with the material science and the oil and gas segments as well.
Yash Shah:
Another question which I had is in general are the raw material prices have they started
correcting, are you see downward trend in the prices right now?
Rohan Desai:
Few of the raw material prices are correcting at this stage, but the basic building blocks are
still remaining where it is, it is on the higher side but on the key starting materials where
China is opening up we are already saying corrections happening.
Yash Shah:
One last question which I had was small book keeping question Sir can you provide some
more clarity on your IPO proceeds have we already started using them and what is our
current capital work in progress and what is the capex which we will be doing for
throughout the year including the maintenance capex?
Faiz Nagariya:
So the IPO proceeds yes of course we have started using them as per the objects clause we
already paid off our loans and we are a debt free company as we speak today. We have also
drawn down the money for payments for the capex which was one of the objects clauses
and as on date the CWIP stands at around 60 Crores and during the year we are envisaging
total capex capitalization, which will come out around 200 Crores, which is for the new
facility and for the R&D facility in pilot plant, which was a work-in progress in the last year
and current year.
Yash Shah:
That is all from my side. Thank you very much Sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Prabhudas Lilladher.
Please go ahead.
Nitesh Dhoot:
Good evening team, congratulations for another strong financial year and another listing.
My first question is when there was a 51% growth in export revenue in FY2022 the
domestic revenue has largely been flattish I think 0.5% growth year-on-year so what is the
reason behind the absence of growth in domestic revenues and what would be the outlook
there for FY2023?

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 11 of 13
Rohan Desai:
We are not differentiating domestic and a wonderful question Nitesh first of all. We have
not thought why the domestic have not grown I think I will have to come back to you on
this question by doing my own research and will let you know for sure.
Nitesh Dhoot:
My next question is that in Q4 there has been 18% decline in employee cost on a sequential
basis so what explains this decline in employee cost and also I think the other expenses
have come down by 9% sequentially so if you could just throw some light?
Rohan Desai:
The employee expenses and other expenses
which has come down is because of the
capitalization which is happening in the project which is going on, so certain expenses we
have capitalized, employee cost have been capitalized for the R&D in pilot plant and the
new plant which is coming up, so that is the main reason and the other operational cost
which has gone down is majorly because of the solvent recovery plant which has come up
which we commissioned in January 2021 which was a major cost for us then we were
sending our recoveries for job work outside our organization and now that solvent recovery
plant is in-house so we are having a lot of saving in this cost.
Nitesh Dhoot:
Another question is on the working capital, you are saying that working capital has got
further stretched both on inventory days and on the receivable days, so despite the
leadership positions globally in some of our major revenue generating products is it so
difficult to keep the working capital more balanced or what is exactly the reason behind the
working capital requirement?
Rohan Desai:
The working capital requirement you correctly said that, that is because of the high levels of
inventory first reason, for the inventories I would like to emphasize that in the last quarter
that is December quarter and the just ended March quarter we have introduced four new
products and for the manufacturing of these products and the demand from the customers
we have procured raw materials in proper quantities to taking into consideration the
delivery time from the suppliers and all sort of bottle-neck situation which is there, but there
are no materials coming from Ukraine or Russia, but still there the logistics is also disturbed,
so we have procured raw materials for these new products and for our old products. We are
holding new raw material inventory for all our products and for major raw materials it is
more than five months also and receivable days which have gone up is a normal trend
because some of the debtors and many marquee customers have not paid in time that is the
only reason otherwise there is no other issue we are having good relationship with all the
customers and there is a continuous business going on with them.

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 12 of 13
Nitesh Dhoot:
One last question if I can what is the revenue and volume of your contract manufacturing
products and then we see MCT and Bifenthrin Alcohol if you can share and any other
products which you are manufacturing as part of the contract manufacturing business that
will be all from my side? Thank you.
Rohan Desai:
Nitesh I would not like to bifurcate this product and give you the volume and the value
because this is a transcript which will be publically available and the Chinese can refer to
this transcript and understand what we are doing so we can connect separately on this and I
can share this information with you if required.
Nitesh Dhoot:
Sure Sir that is fine. That is all from my side. All the best for the future. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nityanand Parab an individual investor.
Please go ahead.
Nityanand Parab:
From the presentation, I can see that the products which are mentioned like 4MEP and
others so for these we were become number one or number two in last few years so I would
like to know any specific strategy which we have used like we have become a number one
in these products like are you the lowest cost producer for these or what is the exact strategy?
Aman Desai:
Yes, basically it is a combination of strategy. Thank you for your question. We are not the
lowest cost by means we keep cost parity with the Chinese supplies in most cases and
worldwide supplies in other cases then it is a combination of factors of course towards core
competencies, the automation, inherent process innovation,continuous reaction technology
and so on and so forth and also we scale up which we enter into these molecules with a goal
of submission of globally leading position in all of these products, so it is a combination of
cases.
Nityanand Parab:
So you are planning to use this strategy for other products as well which I was going to
come in near future so can you just give your vision on this, how many products you are
planning to have, I do not want a detailed one but if you can give some guidelines on what
is your vision for the next three years or five years how many products you are planning to
have and what is the potential those products can have to become the number one globally?
Aman Desai:
Year-on-year we have launched three to five products if you look at our history of the last
five years of manufacturing, this year we are going to launch five new products which area
all advanced intermediates and just a common strategy will apply to all of these products

Aether Industries Limited
June 17, 2022
Page 13 of 13
and moving forward in the future we would like to maintain similar rate and introduce new
products to the market every year.
Nityanand Parab:
The new capacity which was coming up is it also going to be a fungible capacity or it is
going to be a dedicated facility for some products?
Aman Desai:
All our manufacturing facilities are fungible and multipurpose across the core competencies
that we are designed for and we have this so called 8 x 8 matrix that we have and the plants
are designed for these core competencies and they are fungible across these core
competencies and that is our strategy of the company. Thank you for your questions.
Nityanand Parab:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over
to the management for closing comments.
Rohan Desai:
Thank you all for your kind attention and presence today. We very much appreciate your
questions and the time that you have spent with us. Again very heartfelt gratitude and thank
you to all the investors who have participated in our listing and showing the confidence in
us and we are sure all the investors and all the stakeholders that we will continue this
journey with earnest, with diligence and try and achieve sustainable growth for the
company and for our stakeholders and for our investors. Thank you all very much, rightly
appreciates the time and we look forward to additional interactions in the future.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
