 
 
 
Vakrangee Limited “Vakrangee Corporate House”, Plot No.93,  
Road No.16, M.I.D.C. Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093. Maharashtra, 
W: www.vakrangee.in | L:+91 22 2850 3412/+91 22 6776 5100 
F: +91 22 28502017 | CIN: L65990MH1990PLC056669`` 
 
 
 
July 08, 2022 
 
To, 
 
Department of Corporate Relationship 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001  
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference call on financial results for quarter June 30, 2022. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Code – 511431/VAKRANGEE 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcript of Conference Call held on Thursday, July 07, 2022, in 
respect of the financial results for the quarter June 30, 2022. 
 
The same can also be viewed at:  
https://vakrangee.in/pdf/Annual_and_Quarterly_Results_FY2022_23/Q1/Concall%20Transcript-
VakrangeeLtd-20220707-5.30.pdf 
 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vakrangee Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Khandekar 
Company Secretary 
(Mem. No.: A50577) 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
KHANDEKAR 
SACHIN 
TUKARAM
Digitally signed by KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=9b8c16b6d2ea4521ca3fc63913c039dabc
80651029f00c28ea4ca75e666ec3c2, 
postalCode=400069, street=3097A Shri Sai prasad 
sra chsl sai wadi n s, phadke road,andheri east, 
pseudonym=0ed49c8385f773630df2f59c1809287a
, 
serialNumber=d0ee1a6f46e34aa2c42edac2de47e7
873c65431b6bfe84a88768657f9458d264, 
o=Personal, cn=KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
Date: 2022.07.08 16:50:33 +05'30'

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Vakrangee Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call  
July 07, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vakrangee Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Dinesh Nandwana – Managing Director and Group CEO. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir.  
Dinesh Nandwana:  Good day dear ladies and gentlemen. It is pleasure to greet you all once 
again on behalf of board of directors and senior management. We begin 
by thanking all of you for having spare time in joining us here today to 
discuss our first quarter earnings for the financial year 2022. Today, we 
have emerged as the go to market platform for the rural India for our 
various business verticals including the new age FinTech and digital 
platform. We are building India’s largest last mile distribution platform 
and emerging as the physical plus digital ecosystem with a Pan India 
presence. 
 
Today, we have more than 22,858 outlets it spread across 33 states, 564 
districts and 5,627 postal codes. Our 84% outlets are present in deep 
rural Tier-4 to 6 locations. This kind of presence makes us the partner of 
choice for any new business partners who wish to make their products or 
services available in rural India.  

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
We have a clear focus on market expansion and to stay on our first mover 
advantage there by our plan is to achieve our long-term outlet expansion 
target of 75,000 next-gen outlet within the next 12 to 18 months, this will 
mark our presence across 100% districts and postal code of the country 
and will make us India's largest last mile rural distribution platform with a 
physical presence.  
 
During the quarter we have successfully added new business partnership 
with some of the marquee partners who are global leaders in their 
respective businesses. We have partners with Alliance partners who will 
provide assisted total health care services across our platform. Aligned 
partner Vijay, World leader in insurance and assistance services. And they 
would offer combination of assisted health care services to the unserved 
and underserved population of India through our platform, we have also 
partnered with Decathlon Sports India, a world leader in sports 
equipment, to offer a complete range of sports equipment and product 
to our customers. This account provides world class products both for 
beginners as well as passionate professionals at extremely affordable 
prices, with this collaboration we are strategically added a complete 
booking of sports equipment product at our Kendra, making them into 
one stop for all the sports goods requirement of our customers. 
 
 During the quarter we have launched new optical pricing for all our 
camera model including 100% refundable deposit model for ATM services 
as well as we introduce our master franchisee schemes whereby, we are 
in process of appointment district to market franchisee across the 
country. This new initiative would help us scale up again at a much faster 
space and thereby achieve our long-term target well ahead of targeted 
timelines. But we also launched an additional franchisee commission 
incentive scheme. These additional incentives are target tree in nature, 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
but would lead to a quick project for the franchisee, thereby creating 
positive word for mouth and strong new franchisee interest. Strong word 
of mouth and referral incentives along with Pan India marketing have 
resulted into a higher-level formal for franchisee application. We have 
received an overwhelming response for more than 60,000 fresh 
applications in the current quarter. During last quarter we had launched 
the pilot for total health care services. The same was also launched on 
our digital platform of Bharat CG Mobile Super app which is currently 
under beta trial version with limited access.  
 
Now pilot response has been successful and results have been very 
encouraging registering a 566 plus growth on quarter-on-quarter basis 
during the current quarter of the total healthcare services. We see huge 
potential in both of these services and we believe there would be a major 
contributor going forward and both these services have superior margin 
profile for the franchise as well as attractive offerings and pricing for the 
end consumer. We have strong footfall and brand consumption rural 
India and our customer trust with the day-to-day banking needs. During 
quarter one 2023 we open the four legged plus bank account and get 
more than 1.75 crore banking transactions. While currently in recent, the 
Indian media banking users based is expected to grow fast at 80% 
plus yearly on the next five years. There is huge under penetrated Union 
market with huge retail and MSME customer base.  
 
Further, there is a lack of trust within the current customer base 
therefore physical presence and assistance is key differentiator. Going 
forward we are well structured to transition into a neo bank as we plan 
to launch neo banking services through our Bharat East mobile super app 
platform. Through this we are focused to evolve into a unique online to 
offline platform thereby there would be assistance available through the 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
physical Kendra network along with the digital neo banking services. 
Further, we have strong existing retail customer has in rural India and we 
are focused on affordable pricing and unique online to offline consumer 
excellence 
 
With respect to the proposed demerger of the non core business of e 
governance and ITES as a separate entity we would like to update that we 
have received approval for demerger from strong exchange and have 
now filed an application to NCLT for approval. We believe the proposed 
demerger would almost the potential of the core Vakrangee Kendra 
business in the current listed entity with existing business of Vakrangee 
Kendra physical outlet as well as the digital platform of Bharat Easy 
mobile super app. Vakrangee Kendra business in retail centric consumer 
facing business it is an asset light high return on capital business and 
thereby will get the proper representation post the demerger.  
 
 We believe this would lead to significant re-rating of the core business 
and would maximize shareholder strength. Over the last few years, we 
have undergone a huge transformational journey whereby we have made 
a transaction from nonexclusive store in store format outlet to highly 
recognizable standardized exclusive branded NextGen format outlet. We 
believe we are now well poised and have a clear visibility for a strong 
growth journey in the next few years to come. We have aligned our 
strategy with one of the existing service partners to expand our presence 
across the country in every Gram Panchayat level.   
 
Coming to the quarterly results performance we have witnessed strong 
operational growth on year on year as well as quarter on quarter basis 
due to increase in number of outlet as well as our services return to 
normalcy on the business front post pandemic. Our revenue from 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
operation stood at 226.03 crore year-on-year growth of 46.75% and 
quarter on quarter growth of 8.25%.  Our quarterly gross transaction 
value cross rupees 13,437 crores year on year growth is 25.58% quarter 
on quarter growth of 6.16%. Where by our quarterly number of 
transaction cross 3.48 crore year growth of 28.96% and quarter on 
quarter growth of 5.78%. Our new term profitability has been impacted 
and we are reinvesting our operational cash flows for announcing 
franchisee incentive, our gross margin for the quarter one for financial 
year 2022 have been at 9.5% and compared to 22.1% in last quarter. Our 
gross margin has been impacted primarily with the launch of additional 
franchisee incentive scheme.  
 
These additional incentives are transitory in nature but would lead to 
cook paper for the franchisees. There was driving this strongly franchisee 
interest. The maximum impact on gross margin between this additional 
incentive has been in the current quarter and would keep on reducing 
over the next couple of quarter, whereby gross margin and profitability 
will keep on improving henceforth in the subsequent quarter. Strong 
word of mouth and raffle incentive along with Pan India marketing has 
resulted into Channel 4 franchisee acquisition. We received our element 
response with more than 60,000 plus application in the current quarter. 
Further, we have introduced new attractive pricing for all our camera 
models as well as introduce Bhaskar franchising scheme which would 
help us scale as much faster pace and thereby achieving our long-term 
target where I drop targeted timeline. We are confident that these 
strategic initiatives will lead to significant growth in profitability in the 
long run.  
 
Vakrangee digital welfare ltd is a 100% subsidiary company of Vakrangee 
Ltd. The company has launched their mobile super app best business 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
platform, primarily in tag line Bharat CG app India’s super app currently 
beta trial was had been launch. It is currently at beta trial version and we 
intend to go fully operational live in the next 8 to 12 months. We have 
made live and activated some of the key services like online shopping, 
total health care services, online DEMAT account opening, civil credit 
score, rating services as well as online payment card application 
services. A unique differentiator and sustainable competitive advantages 
whereby our digital super app platform would be able to liberate the 
Vakrangee on ground ecosystem a vast well that Pan India level physical 
store network over Vakrangee as point of physical assistance especially to 
consumer to semi urban and rural remote location.  
 
Vakrangee Digital also sale in the Vakrangee ecosystem with strong and 
positive UPS of the strong leaders. Our NPS score is 68% as per unique 
redshift research. Access to existing Vakrangee background in customer 
base at 25 million active customers. Access to existing network of 22,800 
plus outlet for physical assistance and consumer awareness. The unique 
proposition of digital, along with physical fitness, physical would help the 
digital channel to scale up fast and would significantly reduce the cost of 
electing to acquiring customers physical assistance, order fulfilling and 
return management of online orders. Further, leveraging physical 
presence would result into better customer interaction, strong brand 
recall and better service experience and touch for the customer.  
 
Vakrangee Limited has also been honored to be included in this year’s 
Sustainability Yearbook 2022, published by S&P Global. Vakrangee has 
earned “S&P Global Bronze Class” spot in the yearbook in the Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment (CSA) survey. The Sustainability Yearbook 2022, 
published by S&P Global is one of the world’s most comprehensive 
publications providing in-depth analysis on corporate responsibility. This 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
annual ranking showcases the sustainability performance of the world's 
largest companies in each industry as determined by their score in the 
annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). In 2022 S&P Global 
has assessed over 7,500 companies across 61 industries this year. 
 
Vakrangee has been accepted as a signatory of the United Nations Global 
Compact and we have mapped our sustainability initiatives with the 
United Nation Sustainability Development Goals. Further, we have 
appointed Grant Thornton as our assurance auditor for our assurance of 
our integrated annual report. Global recognition we played complete 
commitment to further enhance its corporate governance and 
transparency standards. Company has achieved global recognition across 
various platforms holds a peer ESG performance and the long-term 
business sustainability. Lastly, I would like to again recreate that our 
profit margin has bottomed out and we are all set for sustainable, 
improved growth going forward. The maximum impact of the strategic 
initiatives on print margins has already been perfected in and thereby 
profiting, will keep on improving. Henceforth, in the subsequent quarters, 
we are confident that these initiatives sell lead to significant growth in 
profitability in the long run.  I would now like to take this opportunity to 
thank our shareholders for their support. We can now open the floor for 
question answer session thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
 We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Ankur Mehra from CKB capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Mehra: 
 I have observed that revenue numbers of transactions and GDP is 
growing at a healthy pace and there has been good growth in the 
revenue in the current quarter. However, the gross profit and profitability 
has been impacted in the current result compared to last quarter. Do we 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
see more impact on the profitability going forward or will it keep on 
getting better from current quarter? So can you please brief and provide 
your guidance on profitability growth for current financial year.  
Ammeet Sabarwal:   As we have already highlighted in our presentation as well as in the 
Navy, is highlighted in the speech. Also, that primarily our gross profit 
margins have been impacted because of the additional incentives that we 
have given to our franchisee. If you see basically what was our plan in last 
quarter also which we discussed in our last quarterly concall also that we 
want to expand at a faster pace, so we want to achieve our target of 
75,000 outlets well within the next 18 months. For that we want huge 
number of new applications we want huge number of franchisee 
interests. And that is where we have been focusing on how we can create 
that kind of a franchisee quick payback period where they can actually 
see this and there is a strong referral and strong word out mouth as well 
as people are able to see that those kind of case studies in place where 
franchisees are doing very high earnings. So that is what, what we have 
done is we have increased the franchisee incentive sharing ratios and we 
have added some additional incentives due to which if you see my gross 
profit margin in last quarter was around 22% which has currently a drop 
to around 9.5%, but this is the bottom so it is only going to improve 
because these incentives are temporary in nature. These incentives are 
additional incentive. Which are transitory and it will go away over the 
next couple of quarters. So basically, every quarter on quarter you are 
going to see an improvement coming into my profitability and my margin 
getting back on track. So, what we have done is because of this, if you see 
we have been able to have a good revenue growth even on the quarter-
on-quarter basis. Because our revenue growth has increased by almost 
8% on Q-on-Q basis at the same time on a y o y basis it is almost 46%. At 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
the same time, there is a huge amount of new lead generations and the 
new applications that I'm able to get. So, there is a very strong word of 
mouth, very strong positive awareness about the Vakrangee Kendra as a 
sustainable business model at the rural location. Due to this, as I said, we 
have mentioned in our presentation. Also, that we have received almost 
more than 60,000 plus fresh applications in the last three to four months, 
so there definitely it is having a good impact and we make sure that this 
is where we are able to leverage all this and achieve our long-term target 
of 75,000 outlets at the earliest. Because once we have those 75,000 
outlets on boarded, then even when we reach even at our normal 
normalized growth, profit margins of around 20%-25% then the jump in 
my party is very significant, so we are expecting that on a longer-term 
basis our profitability growth will be significant because there is going to 
be an absolute growth in terms of our number of outlets. But at the same 
time, specifically to your question, yes, the impact has been. 15 But this is 
the most conservative margins which we have achieved, our margins are 
only going to improve from henceforth basis. So, every quarter on 
quarter you are going to see our margins are getting back towards our 
normalized margin level. So in the next subsequent quarters. You should 
see our margins getting back on track. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah, a retail investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Tejas Shah: 
 You have told about a lot of initiatives with the company has taken to 
achieve the long term targets of the company. My question is currently 
22,800 plus outlets are operational and long-term target is around 75,000 
outlets. What impact do we see from these initiatives and how confident 
are you to achieve the set target ahead of time lines? Could you provide 
some insight on the same?  

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Ammeet Sabarwal:  If you see basically right now, as we said that we are currently at 22,858, 
so the target is to reach 75,000 stores. So here basically our strategy has 
been on the three different fronts, so what we have done is, one thing 
which we have done is we have introduced these additional incentives so 
that my existing franchisees base has a very quick payback period. And 
then there is a strong reference because in rural locations the referral 
and the word-of-mouth publicity is the best kind of marketing that can be 
generated. So, we are focused on that and due to which we are also 
receiving a very overwhelming response. Definitely 1 angle. The second 
thing which we have done is we have also launched our new pricing, so if 
you see our new pricing for the models it is very attractive pricing where 
we have introduced this 100% refundable model also specifically for the 
ATM services, so for ATM services we have launched a kind of model 
where it's 100% refundable amount so after the tenure of the agreement 
is where we do this complete 100% refund, so it's actually zero 
investment firm offer entirely perspective we feel is genuine and he 
wants to set up a ATM remains locality. So, at the same time, the 3rd way 
or 3rd angle to it is basically where we are launching the master 
franchisee initiatives. So former master franchisee again we want to scale 
up at the parcel. Space, so we have divided the entire country into district 
miles, so there are almost 750 plus districts in the country. So, we are 
after district level master franchisees. So, in this way the master franchise 
E again here the kind of we are not giving the master center is just a 
onetime kind of income. We are giving them a percentage. Operator is 
income on a perpetual basis till the franchises are active under them, so 
that make sure that their role is end to end that they are also going to do 
the monitoring of the store whether they are active on a continuous basis 
at the same time they are monitoring from a compliance and regulatory 
perspective also. So, our strategy 3-4 strategy, basically one is how I can 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
evolve my existing franchisees based. So how I am giving them more 
incentive so that they do more business since they do more business, 
they earn more due to which they generate a very positive word of 
mouth and positive referral impact. Second is basically new pricing where 
we have introduced this innovative kind of pricing where we are saying 
it's 100% refundable amount and you start the business you do the 
business and from the earning itself you are able to recover your 
end spending and the third is the master franchisee concept where we 
are appointing a district level master franchisees where my franchisee 
the master franchisee at the district level is going to appoint franchisees 
under them and they are going to get an earning of the revenue sharing 
from the franchise income. So, these are the three ways where we are 
targeting in order to reach this number. Currently, where we stand, we 
have received a very good response on the on the first two factors 
master franchisees we have just recently launched. So, I think so over the 
next couple of months we will have more clarity on that, but from that 
perspective, if you see we have received more than 60,000 plus fresh 
applications. So, I think so that gives us very encouraging risk and we feel 
that we are very much confident that we will be achieving our 75,000-
store target over the next 12 to 18 months. So, I think so we have done 
our homework well, we have done all the three initiatives very well. And I 
think so. It's now more about prime and in the subsequent quarters you 
will see the numbers coming in in terms of number of stores and that will 
stick in the operating leverage which will, as my margins go back to the 
normalized. Level you will see a significant improvement in the 
profitability going forward. So yes, that is the update in terms of our 
outlook for the number of stores and what has been our strategy. Thank 
you.  

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Viraj Joshi from MKR & 
Associates. Please go ahead.  
Viraj Joshi:  
I've seen that Vakrangee is doing good initiatives in ESG, VAKRANGEE has 
been ranked globally and achieve healthy ratings from top ESG players 
across the globe. So, can you please explain the ESG rating assessment 
process in detail and what are our long-term goals for the same?  
Ammeet Sabarwal:   So, if you see basically. Our entire Vakrangee Kendra business model is of 
creating the impact. It basically we are driving the financial inclusion, 
social inclusion and digital inclusion to the unserved and underserved 
parts of the country. So, if you see basically, we are providing access 
to banking services our entire banking services are also environment 
friendly because we are providing biometric enabled, paperless banking, 
interoperable banking services, due to which the people in rural India, in 
the unsub communities who are maybe literate or illiterate then may not 
be knowing, reading, or writing. They can still come and open a bank 
account, biting in their biometric. So, it's Aadhaar enabled payment 
system. So just by putting your Social Security number, which is your 
Aadhaar number and putting your biometrics people are able to open a 
bank account, so we are providing that kind of access. But at the same 
time, we are giving access to the services which are available to the 
normal urban citizens like an Amazon or a decathlon, or medicines like 
alliance or V health. We are providing the same services to the rural, 
unserved, underserved communities, so we are also promoting social 
inclusion and digital inclusion so the entire business model of accuracy is 
of creating an impact, whether through financial inclusion, whether 
through social inclusion or whether through digital inclusion. Now, in 
order to access this impact, there, there are exercises which we have 
done so for example, our annual reports are integrated annual reports 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
where we have appointed grand content. So grand content does an 
assurance audit where they do an audit on all the non-financial 
parameters, which is my number of transactions, my number of outlets, 
my number of ATM. How many paperless transactions we have done so 
how much of carbon emissions we have; how much distance people need 
to not travel? Because our outlets are there in the same village level 
location so they don't need to travel large distances. So, there is a huge 
amount of saving in terms of carbon emissions. So, all these things we 
have been able to quantify. And 4th, this is basically where the rating 
agencies or the ESG assessment agencies come in. So, players like 
Sustainalytics, S&P, Global, MSI or CDP. All these are globally well 
recognized assessment agencies and they have access to all kind of ESG 
parameters in terms of our disclosure. In terms of our quantification of 
this impact, so all these things have played a role and this has been a 
journey. So, because our business model was always creating an 
impact. So, we believe our philosophy or is of having a being the social 
equalizer. So, no matter where you are, we are able to provide you the 
same products, the same service at a much better affordable pricing, to 
the unserved and underserved parts of the country. That team and that 
philosophy we have been able to quantify it. So how many numbers of 
stores are there where we are providing these kinds of services How 
many villages, we are able to touch base how many numbers of cities and 
we are able to serve and how many paperless transactions are 
happening. So how much amount of questions have been saved. So, we 
have been able to quantify it. We have got an external assurance to audit 
the same and give a report on it and finally the risk assessment agencies 
like such analytics or mercy or. Happy they do their own risk assessment 
based on our disclosure and they do an independent report on that, and 
that is where our efforts have been recognized over the last one year 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
where we have been globally recognized as number one company in the 
software and services segment, we have been recognized as the top 50 
global ESG rated companies by sustainability. We have been ranked 
globally number 13 in terms of overall ranking by S&P Global under the 
robe. Cool Sam ESC Risk assessment survey. So that kind of a validation 
has come up because our entire business model we have aligned our 
entire business model to the sustainability and United Nations 
sustainable development. Also, we are also a signatory member of UNGC, 
which is United Nations Global Compact. So all these efforts have played 
a role in order to get this kind of validation from global risk assessment 
agencies. I think so. This is a journey. It is not something which has 
happened in one or two months. This we have been doing over the last 
for four to five years and our assurance. This is the third year of our 
assurance in the current year, this year annual report will be the third 
year of external restaurant being done by Grant County. So, it's an 
exercise which we took up almost three years back, and this is where 
now we are getting this kind of validation and it feels great that we are in 
the right direction. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Kunal Verma from Keyur 
investment. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Verma:  
My question is that which are the new services you have add recently or 
you are planning to add in the future and which services you see that 
there is a huge potential for the future growth. Also, can you brief on the 
long-term growth plan and the number of outlets we are expecting in 
futures?  
Ammeet Sabarwal:  Basically, our business is basically we have built a last mile distribution 
platform. So, when we say that we are the global market platform is 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
where that we have built a distribution network of more than 2800 plus 
outlets. Now any new brand or any global brand or any product or 
services which needs to be. Reaching to this target audience, we can just, 
uh, get on boarded onto our platform or the Vakrangee Kendra networks 
and they get access to our entire customer base and our entire 
infrastructure in place. So, if you see even in the current quarter, we have 
added very unique global market partner. So, we have on boarded 
alliance partners. So, alliance is 1 of the globally largest insurance 
company. And with them, we are initiated the pilot where we are offering 
this complete total health care packages for further the rural India 
basically so in this it is tele video consultation services with expert doctor 
in English and Hindi languages plus you get pharmacy voucher so delivery 
of medicines is covered plus you get home blood test facility where you 
get a full body checkup voucher for you and your family member. And 
also, you get a health insurance covered or Hospice care covered up to a 
certain amount and the pricing starts as low as ₹310. So, the package 
starts from as low as ₹310 and goes up ₹2000 so very affordable. A very 
standardized kind of service and rural India where they do not have 
access to hospitals. They do not have access to expert doctor. Here we 
are able to offer them it's a complete Tele video consultation with expert 
doctors across different fields in your local language also that is 
possible. So, this is one of the services which we have launched recently 
in this current quarter one more tie up which we have done recently in 
the last quarter is Decathlon so Decathlon is again one of worst largest 
sport product company so where we are now bringing affordable sport 
equipment accessible to the rural India. So again, this tie-up has 
happened in last quarter. We are yet to begin the pilot, so we will begin 
the pilot in the current quarter, but the idea is finally to roll out the 
service across the entire network, and they have this entire customer in 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
rural India have access to the best quality product at the most affordable 
pricing so they have complete range of products ranging right from ₹199 
to ₹999 where they have a complete bouquet of four goods products 
which is very affordable and the quality everyone knows Decathlon is the 
largest sports good company, so no need to give any introduction to 
that. So, these kinds of partners are coming to us and we are joining hand 
and it's a win-win situation for everyone because we are also getting 
these marquee partners on board and our partners are also getting 
access to this unique customer base and this unique reach to the rural 
Tier 4 to tier six kind of locations. So, there will always be more and more 
partnerships coming on board, but yes, definitely right now what we are 
seeing as I saw in health care in health care, we are achieving really good 
overwhelming response. We are growing almost 500% we grew. In just 
last quarter. So, there has been a very great response to our health 
care. Services and at the same time. If you see basically from our 
perspective of a Decathlon, this is again a very promising service. We feel 
that the demand for such kind of services is there in rural India. There are 
aspirations where people want to buy the quality products at affordable 
prices and that is what we strive to deliver so. I think so there would be 
many more such partnerships coming in near future. So, our target is 
basically that our philosophy is very simple. We have built a last mile rural 
based distribution platform which we are also building a layer on it with a 
digital mobile app. So, the idea is the more and more brand and the 
reputed brands and the known things that we get on board. It's a vicious 
circle where our cycle becomes bigger, our customer base becomes 
bigger than the bigger brand comes to us, so that is how our business 
model is sustainable in nature. Thank you. 

                                                                                            Vakrangee Limited 
July 07, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
 Please note this will be the last question for today, which is from the line 
of Vikas Nahar an Retail Invester. Please go ahead.  
 
Vikas Nahar:  
Good evening everyone. Thank you for this opportunity. I would like to 
thank Mr. Dinesh Nandwana for taking Vakrangee to the number one 
company in this business model and I now look forward to you and your 
team to take Vakrangee to be the number one in the world. Thank you, 
Sir. My questions have already been answered by Mr. Ammeet in the 
previous. Questions, thank you 
Moderator:  
Thank you. This was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ammeet Sabarwal from Vakrangee Limited for 
closing comments.  
Ammeet Sabarwal:  Thank you everyone for taking time out and attending our quarterly 
earnings call. Please feel free to reach out to us in case of any further 
queries or any further details, you can write an e-mail to  
ammeets@vakrangee.in and we will surely get back to you. Many thanks 
for attending this and taking time out. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you on behalf of Vakrangee Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
  
 
