Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2022-23/042 
Date: July 16, 2022 
To 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
BandraKurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 542759 
Symbol: SPANDANA 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held on Monday, July 11, 2022 
Ref: Company Letter No.: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2022-23/31 dated July 8, 2022 
In furtherance to our above mentioned letter, please find enclosed the transcript of conference call held on 
Monday, July 11, 2022 to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q4 FY22. 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.spandanasphoorty.com. 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you. 
Your Sincerely, 
For Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Ramesh Periasamy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
CIN ‐ L65929TG2003PLC040648 
Plot No.31 & 32, Ramky Selenium Towers, Tower A, Ground Floor, 
Financial Dist, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad ‐ 500 032 
Ph: +9140‐45474750 
contact@spandanasphoorty.com, www.spandanasphoorty.com 
Ramesh 
Periasamy
Digitally signed by Ramesh 
Periasamy 
Date: 2022.07.16 11:38:13 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 11, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on July 11, 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHALABH SAXENA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO - SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH DAMANI – PRESIDENT &  
 
CFO - SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Shalabh Saxena – Managing Director and CEO of Spandana Sphoorty Financial 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Saxena! 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all of you, thank you for taking time out to join the 
conference call of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited. Thank you for showing interest in 
our company. 
 
Friends it is now slightly more than three months that I have joined Spandana Sphoorty. 
Suffice to add that the initial period has been very exciting and absorbing. The support that 
has been received from the team members, shareholders and all the stakeholders have been 
very, very encouraging. I am happy to announce that the transition to the new management 
is now complete, which includes all the past issues that existed. We hence have our path 
clear in terms of way forward. Within assured support from all promoters and board. 
 
The Q4 results have been uploaded however I would want to briefly take you through the 
same. Our quarter four disbursements were 1385 Crores, the full year disbursements were 
3374 Crores with this our total AUM end of the year was 6581 Crores. 
 
Of the above FY2022 disbursements contribute about 44% of the book, the book is very, 
very healthy and it has given a collection efficiency of 107% for the quarter four. The 
restructured book which is about 995 Crores 15% of the total book, that also has delivered a 
collection efficiency of 64% for the quarter. While all of you are aware that we are 
discussing and we are detailing the results for quarter four however wherever possible and 
wherever appropriate I will give some color on the Q1 numbers as well. So on the 
restructured book our positive trend continues it is in line with the Q4 collection efficiency, 
so Q1 restructured book collection efficiency is at 63%. The non-restructured book has 
delivered a 100.3% in quarter four with a positive trend in June quarter, the collection 
efficiency is 103% for the June quarter. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Now I will give you some details of the balance sheet. The balance sheet continues to be 
very strong. I will highlight certain ratios and information so that you will be able to 
appreciate this better. 
 
In Q4 an equity infusion of 290 Crores was done with an additional 10 Crores coming in 
early part of Q1. Thus we have had 300 Crores of infusion between Q4 and Q1 beginning. 
Our networth at the end of March was 3088 Crores. The CRAR is at a very healthy 51.09%, 
the debt equity ratio or the gearing and was at 1.2. The provision coverage which is once 
again one of the critical factors is at 10.6% of the total portfolio. The normalized ROA and 
ROE figures are 6.9% and 16.6%. I must add here that this does not include the COVID 
impact and the onetime settlement expenses. 
 
The gross NPA for the quarter was 15% and net NPA was 6%. On liquidity the position of 
our company was very strong end of March and continues to be very strong. At any point in 
time as a thumb rule we hold minimum of two months of repayment which works out to 
about 500 Crores. However end of March 2022 the company maintained a liquidity of 728 
Crores as cash and cash equivalents of 475 Crores of bank deposits. 
 
The macros for the industry, I would want to not touch upon where the industry is going 
and how is Spandana in the right positione to capitalize on the opportunity that present 
itself. 
 
Spandana as on date is upwards of 81% in rural distribution. As a company our distribution 
is heavily skewed to the hinterland to the rural India as all of us are aware rural India has a 
high entry barrier and hence we do believe that we are in a very good position from a pure 
distribution point of view. We strongly believe that rural India will lead the economic 
growth for the country since a lot of money is moving to the hinterland. 
 
With the economy thriving the microfinance industry is slated to grow on an estimated basis 
anywhere between 16% to 18% for the next six to eight years and with this in the 
background we do feel and there is a right reason of the optimism that we are in one of the 
best positions to capitalize on the opportunity. All of you are aware Reserve Bank of India 
had come out with a revised guideline for MFIs which are a huge positive for the industry. 
The enablers on pricing, customer indebtedness, qualifying asset criteria are welcome, it 
however puts a lot of responsibility on financials to act prudently. We intend to follow both 
in letter and spirit the regulation and we do believe that this is one of the good things that 
has happened for the industry. At Spandana we are very positive on what the future hold for 
us and are ready ourselves for what lays ahead. With successful transition of management 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 16 
for reasonably good quarter four on key business parameters and various efforts undertaken 
to strengthen the fundamentals of business, we feel confident of charting quality growth 
path for Spandana in the coming years. As a team we have articulated a vision 2025 for 
Spandana where we are planning to scale up our business to an AUM of 15000 Crores 
levels which is upwards of 2x from the present in the next three years. Our immediate five 
priorities which we have articulated and the entire company, management team, the folks 
here in the head office and in the field are working towards. The five priorities which we 
are working on. The first is people related, we are moving towards reinforcing the middle 
and senior management team. We do feel that a strong team with a good bench strength will 
augur well for the company both in the present and in the future. Point number two 
strengthen governance, risk and control with added focus on refining processes. 
Microfinance industry is a two decade old industry, a lot of alignment which to be done to 
the processes the way they existed earlier and the way they exist now, it is very important to 
have processes which are forward looking, aligned to technology and that is where it is very 
important, the second point of refining processes apart from the most important thing which 
is strengthening the governance risk and control measures. Point number three we as a 
company are very clear our growth path will be new customer acquisition led, while we 
continue and make all efforts to retain the existing customers our focus will be on new 
customer acquisition at any given point in time we are very clear our ticket sizes will at best 
be muted if not lower than the industry however we will always press the accelerator when 
it come to acquiring new customers and that a the way forward for us as a team. Point 
number four technology very, very critical for the distribution that we handle at this point in 
time we reach out to, we are spread across 1100 branches, we cover almost upwards of 
80000 villages and a field force of about 6500, without technology this cannot be and hence 
over the past three months and going forward we have our charter ready for the next four 
quarters. We are going to scale up to deliver an end-to-end paperless customer experience. 
The last but not the least point number five, customer led initiatives with emphasis on 
products, service and meeting the lifecycle needs. We want to be the financier of choice 
which it comes to rural India and that is where we intend to strengthen our dominance we 
will continue to grow in those areas and will continue to strengthen our market share there. 
So while these are the five priorities, obviously the list is much longer but these are the core 
areas that we as a team are working. 
 
So friends with a clear focus on rural India we are confident of increasing our market share 
by adding on the significant anticipated growth in these markets. The entire organization is 
taking incremental steps each day to converge on achieving the articulated objectives 
defined in the vision 2025 for the company. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
With this I would want to end my commentary. I am joined by the management team 
here Mr. Ashish Damani – President & CBO; the Company Secretary, CTO and the other 
senior members of the team are with me. We are happy to take any questions that you 
would have. Over to you Peter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Shreepal from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal: 
Hi! Sir, this is Shreepal. Just a few questions with respect to your focus to the next three 
to six months. So just wanted to understand are we going to change the Spandana model 
which was more focused on having a monthly collection meeting which was trying to 
focus on having a lower Opex. So what changes that we brought in, in this model that 
you are planning to have. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
See we do not want to take any kneejerk reaction, there is nothing which is going to 
happen overnight, having said which over the years Spandana has delivered quality 
growth and hence we do not want to do anything which is completely new. Having said 
which there are things, there are refinement that I said and hence in my commentary I 
used about refinement I did not use the word change, we will do refinements be it about 
the process or whether it is related to a product. For now there is a team which is set and 
used to a particular thing, these changes requires a lot of research a lot of customer 
insight etc. if at all we walk that path it will be a calibrated move not immediate, number 
one. Number two ieven if we were to take it we will not disturb the existing model we 
will start in probably a geography which is untouched by Spandana and there is a lot. So 
we will consolidate on what we already have which is good, if at all we think there is a 
merit in trying of something as we are different geography we want to mix up and it will 
be a celebrated approach there are enough opportunities in various pockets that you have 
mentioned both in terms of the geography and in terms of meet a product or even a 
repayment cycle as you mentioned but then it will be a very, very calibrated approach. 
Shreepal: 
As you highlighted in your opening remarks that we are targeting FY24 AUM is almost 
15000 Crores that is on book rather, presentation says it is going to be 18000 Crores and 
you have also highlighted some of the newer geographies that we have identified. So 
what are the reason for identifying these seven states? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Once again thank you for the question it is a very, very good question. I think what you 
have asked is like  these seven states have been targeted that is your question right. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Shreepal: 
Right. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So if I were to take a step back and I work to analyze the contribution of these seven 
states to the industry as a whole, the microfinance is at 270000, 280000 Crores industry. 
These seven states contribute upwards of 42%-43% to the industry. When it comes to 
Spandana it is a much, much, much, much lower number. So just and obviously one for 
us that we will reach out we will open branches in these areas so that we get a 
incremental growth from the states where we already are that is point number one. Point 
number two is we have plans to go in the states we are present already but that will be an 
organic growth which is a regular growth, we do not want to step the accelerator to an 
extent where we really go more than what is desired, that states that we have identified 
we do see pockets for our appetite there is enough and more meat in these seven states we 
have given a chance to branch out we do feel that the incremental disbursements that we 
are seeking to get will come out of these seven states this also is in line with the earlier 
philosophy that I articulated that we will acquire more customers we will not increase the 
ticket size beyond we what we think in our mind is the right number at any given point in 
time we will be lower than the industry I understand there are quick pit falls to this 
particular approach but then we are fine with it and hence if I were to holistically take a 
view on where does Spandana grow in the next three years FY25 vision is 15000 Crores 
from the current 6500, 6600 Crores I think we will be able to balance our growth in both 
the new geographies and the old geographies the focus will obviously be getting 
distribution out of new branches that we open predominantly in these states identified and 
obviously in few areas where we already are present. I hope I have answered your 
question. 
Shreepal: 
Yes, Sir, but still so do you think that these states while they contribute significantly as 
you highlighted so but then there are let us say few states will contribute maybe of higher 
if it is Bihar or for that matter UP, if you look at states like MP or Gujarat which is also a 
part of the strategy. So there are other issues which are also there so what have we sort of 
listed down some of the aspect where we looked at apart from the states contribution to 
the overall landscape. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
See the state that we have identified are Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, 
Bihar, West Bengal. We are looking from the current states even if we were to get a 
market share of about 2.5%, 3% we will get to an incremental AUM of about 6000, 6500 
number one. Number two, I know what you are saying that these states have presence of 
other microfinance companies also, however microfinance as an industry is highly under 
penetrated when it comes to the national scene there are various research studies which 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 16 
are available where it is very evident that the penetration levels are just about 50%, 55% 
to the addressable population. So reaching out into new geography is one of the obvious 
strategies or approach that anybody would have, we are very confident and we are not 
pursuing growth only we are pursuing quality growth. Pursuing quality, growth to these 
seven states for the 6000 to 7000 incremental AUM that we are talking about is I am not 
saying easy but I am saying we will be able to sort of pick and choose and get to the 
quality growth that we are desiring to. So there is as I told you we are in these seven 
states a single digit contribution the industry is at 43%, 44% overall contribution I do feel 
we are reasonably confident that we should be able to get what we want in these states 
without compromising on the quality parameters. 
Shreepal: 
Sir just some data keeping questions. So what is that as you have been highlighted that 
the GNPA is 15%. Wanted to get some sense on what is stage I, stage II, stage III 
percentage, what is the coverage that we are having right now and what is the ECL 
requirement for the same like for stage I, II, and III and if you could give this detail. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Sure, I will request Ashish Damani – President & CFO to kind of take this question. 
Ashish Damani: 
Thanks Shalabh. So in terms of percentages I am looking at a hopefully which is on our 
book we have 69.5% of the portfolio in the current bucket itself, so that is in some part of 
stage I, if I include even 1 to 30 then we are talking about 75% of the portfolio is in stage 
I, stage II would be 426 Crores which is 6.5% and we have 18.8% of the portfolio which 
is in stage III of this like we have mentioned we have provided significant amount of 
portfolio what will be NPA, net NPA will be 6% of the portfolio which is still sitting in 
the net NPA rest of all the portfolio we have a coverage for that. 
Shreepal: 
Sir you said the stage III is 18.8%. 
Ashish Damani: 
So this includes off balance sheet if I have to really look at only on balance sheet then we 
are talking about 15.9% to 16% roughly. 
Shreepal: 
So basically looking at the numbers we have close to 1050 Crores of stage III of which 
520 Crores would have slipped from the restructured pool and the remaining 525,530 
Crores will be from the other standard asset that have been there. 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes restructured would be 512 and the rest will be from the roughly 368 Crores will be 
from non-restructured book. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Shreepal: 
So that the number is right take the 1050 Crores is into the stage III basically. 
Ashish Damani: 
No, it will be 912 Crores. 
Shreepal: 
Okay got it, and what is the stage wise provision that we will have. 
Ashish Damani: 
So we will have this is driven by the ECL so we will have a 50% coverage for stage III 
and standard assets we carry 0.25. 
Shreepal: 
Okay so even at stage I & II the coverage is 0.25%. 
Ashish Damani: 
No, roughly about 28% on book which is in stage II. 
Shreepal: 
And I think in the presentation also it has mentioned that close to 15% of the portfolio is 
NPA that will be constitutes this non-DA and non-securitization. So how has our DA and 
securitization portfolio behaved with respect to the delinquency? 
Ashish Damani: 
No so DA numbers I will have to come back to you but the pool more or less behaves in 
line there is no specific separation that field is give in terms of whether it is DA or non-
DA as a pool they do not really differentiate between that pool that has been hived off 
from the books. So I do not see any reason there will be a different experience for a DA 
pool of that. 
Shreepal: 
Okay Sir I have a few more questions but I will come in the queue thank you so much. 
Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Hi! And congrats Shalabh. Two, three questions from my side. So first it is about a 
clarification on the FY2023 outlook which you have shared in PPT. So in that PPT we 
are saying our branches will remain flat at 1120, 1123 kind of a number but in your 
opening remarks you did mentioned about incremental growth either you should come 
from the new customer acquisition. So is it fair to assume that the existing branch 
network has a lot of room for improvement and hence we are sort of having the flattish 
kind of a branch network in FY2023. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
I will answer this in two parts. The number of branches we are projecting an increase 
from 1120 to 1500 results of that is about 380 more branches that is part one. The second 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 16 
element to the answer is the question of the point on customer acquisition our estimate is 
that we will scale up our customer strength or customer number from the current 2.3 
million to 4 million and yes what you said is right there is a significant opportunity for 
improving the productivity at the branch and at the loan officer level which we intend to 
leverage on two counts. The first is the technology commentary that I gave and the 
second one I am just sort of informing everyone you are aware in the month of towards 
the later part of last year Reserve Bank of India allowed the e-KYC through the KUA 
route for NBFC MFIs and NBFCs. We have applied for a license and I think another two 
months we should be getting that license what this does or what this helps us is from the 
current physical sourcing which is clicking pictures of KYC document sending it the 
back office which then by the data entry so on and so forth at the press of a thumb print 
we will be able to give a decision to the customer post a CB check we will be able to 
conclude and complete the e-KYC with the customer there and then on the spot. So the 
current process of a loan which takes about three to five days as and we are not new as a 
company which do not have this facility have to go through this it comes down from 
three to five days currently into may be 60 seconds or a 90 seconds that to our mind is a 
big transformation when it comes to focusing on the our efficiency metrics and yes at a 
process level also we have identified a few processes which if refined will add a lot of 
delta to the already existing delta to our efficiency story and customer acquisition led yes 
branch network will be increase but yes predominantly focus will be on improving 
efficiencies. 
Renish Bhuva: 
And Sir the second question again is sort of related to this. So where do we stand as on 
June in terms of implementing the revised MFI process as per the new guidelines. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
We have already moved to the new process and as you know that every loan we are 
disbursing this month, starting this month from the 1st is under the new regime. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So entire 1000 plus branch network are now on the new process. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, all new customers acquired we will have to go through the new guidelines. 
Renish Bhuva: 
And Sir just last question from my side again is sort of a clarification. So when we are 
projecting a 2% kind of a credit cost for FY2023 and when we look at the gross NPA 
pool of 15% PAR 0 to 90 again at 6.5%. So what is the rationale behind having such a 
low credit cost in FY2023. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Two answers to your question. The first is all of us are aware without getting into the 
details the field was limited in terms of the detailed customer data in quarter four. This 
data post the settlement we now have access to all the data we had access to the data 
earlier also we had constructed the data but obviously there were some limitations not 
really cent percent which now all of that is behind us. This is about the historical data, 
another the data point is a lot of us are aware that the microfinance customer needs a 
slightly longer run rate to regularize we as an institution did not give when I say did not 
give any moratorium which we will not give any payment holiday to the customers so the 
moratorium when it was propelled on the 30th of September starting the 1st of October 
the repayment and there was no holiday which was given to the customer number two. 
Number three if you combine, if you join the dots all I can say is we are doing a catch up 
the 64%, 65% restructured book delivering a collection efficiency of 64%, 65% is a 
testimony to the fact the point that I made that if given a loner run way, you know the 
customer who come I can then start repaying which is what we are already evidencing 
this quarter and the next quarter will be regularizing these customers and hence are 
optimism that all the numbers that is reeled out in terms of 2% loss for FY23 which in the 
background of the greater than 90 NPA etc., no I think we will be able to substantially 
bring down the numbers over the next two, three quarters. Most of these customers we 
have done. We have a detailed drill of these customers about 30% to 35% customers are 
customers who are less than three cycle customers rest 60%, 65% are four and above 
cycle customers which means they had taken more loans four or more loans from us so 
all the more reason for us to believe, that it is a environment which has find out drag 
them down to a scenario that exist today with slightly inadequate follow-up is why we are 
where we are but we do hope and we are pretty confident that we will be able to 
regularize this book in the next two quarters. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So is it right to assume that let us say in Q1 or maybe in May and June the collection 
efficiency in gross NPA portfolio is better like say upwards of 50% that is what our 
coverage basically implied. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, so if I take the restructured book which is where most of the people use to fear and 
nothing to do with Spandana but generally the industry and microfinance, the Q4 we 
delivered on the restructured book of 64% collection efficiency Q1 is 63% just I will 
shade lower but round about in that range, Ashish given you the details we are adequately 
provisioned on this particular book but on an overall basis I think we are in a reasonably 
comfortable position when it comes to the restructured book the non restructured book is 
delivering upwards of 100% the last year sourcing which is FY2022 of about 2800 Crores 
of the rundown book that we have as on March has delivered at a 107% so the 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 16 
nonrestructured book is behaving fine  the restructured book the trends are pretty, pretty 
strong overall if I connect the story I think it looks to be a decent picture. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it Sir, it is very, very, helpful Sir thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parag Jariwala from White Oak India. 
Please go ahead. 
Parag Jariwala: 
Thank you. I have two questions, one is with regard to settlement with earlier MD, CEO 
can you quantify the amount which we have paid for the settlement that is one, secondly 
Shalabh you have outlined a really great path going forward, you know some of the 
metrics if I looked at it are kind of best in class in the industry so far like probably 
achieving an ROA of closer to 5% in FY2025 with 22%, 24% ROE customer base which 
you are talking about is approximately around 40 lakhs I think CreditAccess is 40 lakhs 
at current juncture so it is almost best in class metrics. I know you are confident, but it is 
a challenging task so basically there may be certain processes which you are changing or 
you are probably hold maybe some of the operation aspect so what are the challenges 
involved in achieving this numbers. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
We are talking of FY2025 scenario point number one, point number two is there are a list 
of issues that we have picked up in terms of process refinements which if done will we do 
see and we are very positive that we will see an incremental jump on the current 
productivity levels of the loan officer who is out on the ground that is number two. 
Number three and that is very important which I am just at the cost of repetition the fact 
that we are moving to a thumb based e-KYC/validations/KUA model that I think is a 
game changer for us as a company because that is kind of go to free for make the green 
time available for the loan officer considerably a three day to five day process if it 
compresses into a 90 second to 180 second you can imagine the kind of green time that 
will be available for the loan officer to do other things and here when we say other things 
it is essentially focusing on the new customer acquisitions, the new wave of customer 
growth. To your point in terms of how easy or how difficult it is I know you did not say 
that but I am kind of saying it aloud, microfinance to my mind is how well you do is a 
factor of what is the team that you have, how good your people are and how cautious you 
are in terms of aggression. There is no scope in this business and I say this is the utmost 
responsibility there is no scope or limited scope of being cowboy in this industry you 
have to be extremely cautious you have to walk the line which is under the so called 
indebtedness level at every given point in time you have to ensure that the training that 
you give to your loan officer who ultimately delivers the proposition to the customer is 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 16 
very well refined so us to not tread the path which is not desired. If a customer there is a 
lot of education and an awareness level that needs to be undertaken from a customer 
point of view in terms of how much borrowing needs to be done, even though at a 
customer level there is a headroom available for a higher indebtedness the responsibility 
of the loan officer is to ensure that he keeps it tapered down to a level which is more 
manageable that is something which is defined or differentiates a responsible financier to 
the other category of financiers. We are pretty confident that the training team, training 
structure, the controls, the process, the risk mitigation all of these things put together we 
will be able to deliver and it is not just a topline delivery for us I am very sure that we are 
not talking of a topline delivery only we are talking of an overall delivery which borders 
on quality as well. So we have done this before we are very sure that we will kind of walk 
this path. I will take this and any more questions you have in the meantime I will request 
Ashish to answer on the settlement question that you asked. 
Ashish Damani: 
We had less items but specifically with respect to the payment to the erstwhile MD we 
have detailed it out it was 40 Crores that was paid as a part of the settlement. 
Parag Jariwala: 
And there is nothing else which kind of forgone in terms of inter corporate deposit or 
something like that right. 
Ashish Damani: 
With this payments and whatever receipts that the company had to get the everything is 
settled there is no further open items between the erstwhile MD or the company or for 
that matter the IT vendor that we had or for that matter the Keertana or other parties 
involved.  
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Parag here is my thing. With the settlement, roads are clear for our company to move 
forward. We are looking ahead to the future with no issues at this point in time which are 
related internally as all of those have been settled. There was a press note which details 
the settlement and that kind of ends the earlier issue that we had. Literally speaking, for 
our company and as far as this issue is concerned, there isn’t a rear-view mirror and we 
have only a way forward to look at. Our entire management collectivity will converge 
now on delivering the clear objectives that we set out to achieve which I have articulated 
which we will focus. So this issue is now of the past and we are now on geared up for the 
future. 
Parag Jariwala: 
Thank you, I think that is great. All the best Shalabh and team for the future. 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Sorry, apologies some technical this thing our line got disconnected. So Parag did we 
answered your question or is there a follow-up. 
Parag Jariwala: 
No, I think I am good thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Disha Jugat from JM Financial Private 
Equity. Please go ahead. 
Disha Jugat: 
Just wanted to check how is the lender sentiment are bank disbursing money’s to 
Spandana this quarter how was the sanction pipeline etc., or how are the credit rating 
agencies thinking. 
Ashish Damani: 
So basically the way it works is typically the first quarter is always slow from the 
lenders’ side since they are also trying to close their books and trying to look into putting 
out fresh budgets for disbursements and all. So it is always slow having said that in our 
case it was the lenders were waiting for kind of having clarity one on the settlement, two 
on getting the audited financials for their review and to start giving out the sanction 
letters. Having said that we had drawn some funds 140 Crores was raised during the 
quarter from two of the lending partners and we have lot of pipeline sitting which is 
primarily waiting for the audited financials with today’s disclosures I think we should 
start seeing a normalized second quarter in terms of the supply side. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
On your question of the rating agencies we continue to engage with them there was a 
background which everyone is aware about which with every single passing date I think 
it is moving upwards and I think now another max one quarter we should be good. 
Disha Jugat: 
So you raised 140 Crores in the last Jan to March quarter. 
Ashish Damani: 
Sorry that was Q1 in Jan to March we have raised 420 Crores. 
Disha Jugat: 
And now it is only 140 Crores April to May. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Our disbursements were in quarter one were almost equivalent to what we disbursed in 
quarter four there is also a context and sorry I am being slightly elaborative on the 
question our priority, disbursement is a priority of every single company, I mean, no, I 
not taking away anything from there, but we are right now from our point of view getting 
people in place strengthening the governance, controls, the risk mitigation, making the 
processes robust all of this is in continuum to the business growth that we are pursuing 
that is number one, number two is this will continue for this quarter as well I am just kind 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 16 
of giving you some color on how the year will pan out. Q3 and Q4 is when we will be 
reasonably confident of the fundamentals in place for us to really launch ourselves to get 
a decent FY2023 number so this is it will be a back-ended growth but it will be a growth 
which will be backed or which will rest on strong fundamentals and robust infrastructure 
both from a, be it tech perspective, be it from a risk mitigation or control perspective. 
Disha Jugat: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital 
Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir I had two questions, first of all on the customer part I think from a peak of like 26 
lakhs we are down to around 20 odd lakhs so this 6 lakh people who have migrated away 
from the company are they sort of they were marginal so they are no longer loan worthy 
or is there any other reason and how are we planning to sort of bring them back in to the 
system and since your focus is more on new geographies are they included as part of your 
focus going forward so that is number one and secondly in for the new management team 
have you guys all sort of relocated to Hyderabad or where is the team sitting and if you 
can throw some more color into how you guys have organized your lives around the new 
sort of shift which has happened in the top management. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Hyderabad is a very good place and I invite everyone and everyone to please come and 
stay here for three, four days it is raining nine months in a year the temperature is under 
30 so it is a great please and yes this is to confirm that all of the people who are a part of 
the senior management and otherwise etc., everybody is based out of Hyderabad which 
includes me, Ashish and the other team members that is number one, number two is you 
asked the question on customer attrition. Customer attrition is a part and parcel of the 
microfinance industry there is something called a fatigue factor when it comes to even 
good customers I am not even getting into the not so good customers which happens and 
hence a 20% to 25% customer attrition is not really unheard of there are companies 
which kind of toggle between a 15% to 25% and hence the only way you have to manage 
this is to keep on getting new customers there is also which partly you answered there is 
also a scenario where you want to attrite a few customers because of the behavior that 
they would have shown on your book over the past few years so it is a combination of all 
things the last one year we have had a temporary I am not say pause, but it was a 
rollercoaster for us and hence we could not step up our journey in terms of the new 
customer acquisition as I have clearly articulated the organization is now converging to 
ensure that all resources are directed towards getting these new customer acquisition from 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 16 
the current numbers to a 4 million number in the next three years as I say the new 
member acquisitions like a petrol in a car you have to keep on constantly filling it while 
the car is on the move hence at some stage you will have to stop which might not be the 
best thing or best interest of the organization. So conceptually and from a strategy 
perspective we are very clear that is the way to grow; peg yourself below the industry on 
ticket sizes get more and more customers. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And this vision of FY2025 where you have targeted around 15000 odd Crores so that is 
microfinance and what could be the similar number on the secured book which has also 
mentioned in one of the slides. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
That is an additional 2000 to 3000 Crores that is in the second last slide if I am not 
mistaken that is over and above the current number so I sort of when you go and meet 
these customers this is an aspiring India this is an India which wants to grow and they 
want to taste how a growth story looks like what is it to be in an environment where they 
do not really have to worry too much on their square meal a day. So when you go and 
speak to them there is an approach that we have charted which is how do you graduate a 
customer from a microfinance to and upwards so this is scheme one which is the 
microfinance and if you see slide #34 of our presentation there is an individual loan to 
existing borrowers which is a graduated customer from a JLG to an individual level. So 
this is one stream another stream is a slightly upscale customer from the microfinance 
customer which is the nano enterprise loans that we are talking about we already have a 
home loan portfolio of about 98 Crores as we speak we are very, very optimistic on this 
business line we do hope that in the tier III, tier IV and tier V that we are talking about 
we see a tremendous opportunity for us as an enterprise to kind of capture this particular 
space. The two-wheeler which is a mobility solution for a customer that applies both for a 
microfinance and a non-microfinance customer so all of this our attempt is over and 
above the 15000 Crores about 2000 to 3000 will come out of the various lines articulated 
of the total book our attempt will be to get anywhere upwards north of 10% on the 
secured line. We will evolve as we grow but there is an apart from the microfinance there 
is a housing book already of about 98 Crores that we feel and right now this is 
concentrated in Andhra and Telangana two states so obviously the entire country is open 
for us. I must add however that at any given point in time we will always be focused on 
tier III, tier IV, tier V which is the rural India and that is where we see ourselves 
expanding in the next three years. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
On the credit cost side you alluded that growth might be back-ended but this credit cost 
do you envisage a scenario that Q1 onwards itself it should align itself to a 2% sort of a 

 
 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
July 11, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 16 
number or this is because of the write backs and other things that you are assuming in the 
later half so do you see a step down significantly from this Q1 onwards or do you see this 
also being a back ended sort of a number. 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes, that is right it will be back ended 2% is what we expect it to be at on a closing basis 
so we may have a situation where there will be some cost that we kick in, in the earlier 
part of the year but then there will be recoveries and eventually we lead to something like 
2% on the overall basis. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint this was the last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shalabh Saxena 
for closing comments. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much all of you for joining and listening to us. We as a company are 
pretty optimistic about what the future holds for us as a company and what the business 
growth for us in terms of the potential and how we as a company are in the right position 
to tap that potential. People is one of the focus areas that we are going to drive at and our 
constant endeavor will be to get the right people in the right place so that this 
organization which is Spandana kind of people become the organization to come agnostic 
to who is running what show it is more creating a bench strength so that as an 
organization we as a company are pretty much ready to handle any kind of a situation. 
Thank you for the support in case there are any more questions we are happy to kind of 
take them on directly you can reach out to us we are pretty accessible. One other thing 
that we can definitely guarantee is candidness and transparency in terms of giving out the 
true picture of the company and the situation that we are in. Thank you for your support 
and look forward to listening and speaking to you again. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
