ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
Ref No: 37/2022-23 
Dated: July 19, 2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543415 
F 
Trading Symbol: ANANDRATHI 
Scrip ID: ANANDRATHI 
Subject: Qi FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY23 earnings conference call dated 
13* July, 2022. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://anandrathiwealth.in/ 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Jinal Trivedi 
Interim Compliance Officer 
  
ANAND RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
Registered Office :Express Zone, A Wing, 10th Floor, Western Express Highway, 
Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400 063, 
(Formerly knewn as ‘Anand Rathi Wealth Services Limited) 
Maharashtra. Tel No. +91 22 62817000. www.rathi.com 
AMFI-Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
Corporate Office 
: 11th Floor, Times Tower, Kamala City, Senapati Bapat larg, Lower Parel - 400 013, Maharashtra. 
CIN No.: U67120MH1995PLC086696 
Tel No. +91 22 40477000.

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 13, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th July, 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 MR. FEROZE AZEEZ – DEPUTY CEO 
 
 MR. JUGAL MANTRI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ANAND RATHI GROUP 
 
 MR. RAJESH BHUTARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 MR. CHETHAN SHENOY - DIRECTOR AND HEAD - PRODUCT AND RESEARCH  
 
 MR. VISHAL SANGHAVI - HEAD IR  

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Anand Rathi Wealth Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company which are based on the belief, opinions, and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Feroze Azeez. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Good evening and thank you everyone for joining the Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022. Along with me I have Mr. Jugal Mantri - Group Financial 
Officer; our CFO – Mr. Rajesh Bhutara; Mr. Chethan Shenoy - Director and Head - Product 
and Research; Vishal Sanghavi - Head IR and the SGA team our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 
 
We are one of the leading non-bank wealth solution company in India and closely work with 
HNIs and ultra HNIs to meet their financial goals and objectives. We facilitate their 
investments in financial instruments using our well-researched solutions. Our performance 
during the last few years has helped our satisfied clients to achieve their objectives. 
 
AUM of our flagship business Private Wealth is Rs.32,142 Crores as on June 30, 2022. Our 
strong performance for Q1 FY2023 was backed by addition of new clients and strong net 
flows. Despite challenging equity capital market scenario, our net flows for the quarters 
stood at Rs.1,355 Crores which grew by nearly 400% as compared to the same period last 
year. We have 7,400 plus satisfied client families of which 58% are with us for more than 
three years and account for 77% of our AUM. 
 
The share of equity mutual fund AUM to total AUM has increased from 39% to 46%. We 
believe this strong performance will continue in the current financial year with a strong team 
of 271 relationship managers. Apart from this, the company has two new age technology-led 
business verticals that is Digital Wealth and Omni Financial Advisor, OFA. The DWM 
business is a fintech extension of the company's proposition for the mass affluent segment 
with wealth solutions delivered through a combination of human interface empowered with 
technology. OFA business is a strategic extension for capturing the wealth management 
landscape to service retail clients to the mutual fund distributors by using our technology 
platform. We believe that the wealth management sector in India holds significant growth 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
potential and we remain optimistic about the business potential and will continued drive 
towards our vision while consistently focusing on uncomplicated solutions. 
 
With this I will now ask Mr. Jugal Mantri to take us through the financial performance. 
Jugal Sir over to you. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thanks Feroze bhai. Good evening and Happy Guru Purnima to all. I am happy to share that 
the company has posted strong financial performance for the quarter ended June 2022 
backed by the accelerated growth across all important business parameters. Our revenue for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2022; stood at Rs.133.5 Crores as against Rs.98.4 Crores in Q1 
FY2022 registering a growth of 35.7%. Our PBT for the quarter stood at Rs.52.9 Crores 
registering a growth of 33.6% as compared to Rs.39.6 Crores in Q1 FY2022. Our PAT for 
that current quarter June quarter stood at a healthy Rs. 39.7 Crores registering a growth of 
33.6% as compared to Rs.29.7 Crores in corresponding quarter of FY2022. 
 
For Q1 FY2023 earning per share stood at Rs.9.5 while annualized return on equity stood at 
a healthy 42.3%. We are confident that our long-term commitment to provide our clients 
with the most effective wealth management solutions along with a committed team of 
relationship managers will enable us to see strong growth in the coming year. 
 
With this we will now open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Good afternoon, Sir, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for good numbers. 
Could you share what was the MLD issuances for 1Q FY2023. 
Jugal Mantri: 
See in FY2023 June quarter the MLD issuances which were there from Anand Rathi Global 
Finance was more or less same like in the first quarter of FY2022. It was Rs. 690 Crores and 
about the same amount has been issued from Anand Rathi Global Finance Limited of Rs. 
703 Crores in FY2023 quarter one and about Rs. 390 Crores plus have been issued or 
sourced from the third-party of the similar product. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And how would the yields vary between the MLDs issued from Anand Rathi Global Finance 
and third-party. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yields on third-party products are marginally better than what is issued from Anand Rathi 
Global Finance Limited. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And what would be the quantum of MLD that would have matured for 1Q. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Jugal Mantri: 
The maturity value of the MLD was almost about the same. If you put together Rs. 690 - 700 
Crores plus Rs. 390 Crores. So almost about Rs.1,090 Crores of MLDs have been matured 
in Q1 FY2023. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And in terms of the employee expenses on a Q-on-Q basis, it has gone up from Rs. 52 
Crores to around Rs. 60 Crores. So what explains the jump if you could quantify that. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Increase in employee cost you are asking? 
Rohan Mandora: 
Yes, Sir, employee expenses. 
Jugal Mantri: 
So it is like there are multiple factors.  One thing is that there is a majority of the RMs 
expenditure or the provisioning is linked to the revenue and if you look at the revenue and in 
terms of percentage of that there are hardly any change. If you look at it last year the 
employee benefit expenses was about 45% of revenue and it is in the same range even in this 
financial year. At the absolute number you may say that number looks higher but if you 
compare it with the revenue numbers in terms of percentage, it is more or less same. Besides 
that definitely there is an addition of the account managers and the employees.  The team has 
been growing but that will have the marginal impact and largely it is being linked to the 
revenue. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And is your annual hike factored in this or will it be in the subsequent quarters, annual 
increments? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Of course it will come in the Q2. But in our case the impact of the annual increment is very- 
very marginal, reason being that majority of the employee benefits are driven by the 
variables so the impact on the fixed cost is very marginal. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And the fixed cost for 1Q has increased by almost 17% year-on-year so should we consider 
this as normal run rate for the full year in terms of fixed cost increases? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes definitely. Reason being, we have moved from COVID era to the normal era. So 
definitely the savings which we were having because of the virtual environment and now 
since offices are running and the administrative expenses, business promotion expenses all 
have come on track. So in fact this was the normal operating first quarter post COVID era. 
So the rise is largely on account of these. But going forward it will remain at the same line. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Umang Shah: 
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations to the team for a very strong first quarter. 
My first question is on clearly the new client acquisition as well as the net flow accretion 
during the quarter has been fairly impressive, if we were to look at it in the context of a very 
volatile market environment. So if you could just help us, one is clearly what will be our 
strategy going forward as well and let us say if markets were to stabilize and improve from 
here on should we expect a similar trajectory or a better trajectory from what we have 
reported in the first quarter. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Firstly, the net flows have been better and they have been very healthy, like you said. It is 
because what happens is, in good times of course the wealth management outfit does well. 
In bad times or volatile times like what we have all seen for the quarter ending June, what 
happens is the emphasis placed on consolidation. When a person sees good performance 
relative to other outfits then they start consolidating their money and give me a larger wallet 
share. That is one reason, second is clients start giving you more references when they see 
relative better performance. During good times everybody looks identical, risk becomes an 
abstract word. So in bad times it is very easy to distinguish between good advisors and bad 
advisors or good distributors and bad distributors. So this is one very important reason and 
then what happens is once you get a listed there is an extent of transparency goes up and that 
improves confidence. So that acted as a catalyst or has begun to act as a catalyst. So we 
believe that this trajectory will improve and if markets stabilize you will get further, the lift 
in the rate at which net flows and clients addition in the future. 
Umang Shah: 
Perfect this is good. Is this also the reason, I mean, we are also seeing improving kind of 
vintage both in clients as well as the assets, that we manage which means that it is fair to 
assume that the assets and clients become much more stickier for us. 
Feroze Azeez: 
The client attrition is very minimal for us.  And what happens is dealing with this segment of 
HNI, you are not doing absolute pure play retail.  In the private wealth business you 
basically influence the client behavior during bad times. Because if you speak to a person for 
two, three, four years and you seasoned him and prepared him for bad times like we saw in 
the last quarter. When the bad times happens they are wanting to invest more that is why you 
will see net flows and in equity especially they have been beautiful. So coming to the point 
now whether the client net flows are going to remain as robust the answer is yes. And what 
we see is when the clients have all been seasoned and in HNIs you are interacting with a 
smaller universe so you will be able to influence their behavior with vintage. So to answer 
your pointed question on vintage, the clients’ vintage is increasing as time progresses. As 
you see 58% of our clients have been with us for three years it also implies that 42% have 
been added in the last three years alone. So we think as time progresses vintage will happen. 
What I see as an opportunity is the other 42% also giving us large wallet shares as time 
progresses. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Umang Shah: 
Sure that is helpful. My second question is for Jugalji, picking up from the previous 
question. So given that the large part of our employee costs or a large part of Opex actually 
becomes more revenue linked or performance driven is it fair to assume that as the overall 
AUM start expanding our operating leverage starts playing out and EBITDA margins either 
sustain or start improving from where we are currently. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes, I think you are playing my role because the way you have highlighted all the positive 
sides of our business. That is the great thing since all the financial veterans understand what 
we have been doing. You are bang on the way we have performed in terms of AUM as well 
as vintage as well as the new funds mobilization and similarly when you are talking about 
the point the variability linked to the vintage. You are absolutely right and in-fact you can 
see when I recall having discussed with you about the operating leverage before the IPO 
time. At that time, the operating margin which we had those were like about 38%. Which we 
had and now it has already been beyond 41%. So that is the beauty of the whole structure. 
When vintage starts playing definitely your operating cost will not grow in that tandem and 
that is why the margin whether be it the EBIDTA margin or the PAT margin are showing 
year-on-year growth even though it will be marginal because there is a limit to which we can 
reach because of the taxation and other impact, but definitely bit-by-bit we are adding to 
what we were doing in the past. 
Umang Shah: 
And just last question from my end is on yield. So clearly this quarter we have been able to 
kind of optimize our yields probably because of a larger component of MLD issuances in the 
net flows. Now, I understand that probably there could be some quarterly volatility, but 
assuming on a four to six quarter basis what should we assume as base yields for the 
business, I mean, would we see a higher volatility or we believe that yield should kind of 
move a narrow band going forward? 
Jugal Mantri: 
No, actually in-case if you will talk about the yield, the volatility impact the AUM but 
actually the yield. There is not substantial change because the yield will remain constant and 
it is linked to the asset bucket. So like, if I am having the asset in equity mutual fund the 
commission which has been paid by the mutual funds that remain the same. So ultimately 
the point which I am making is that the volatility largely impact AUM but the yield more or 
less remains same and it changes with the change in AUM or the traction in the AUM. So if 
I have the increase or I am adding to the AUM by way of increasing market capitalization or 
growth in equity mutual fund as well as new mobilization the revenue amount will keep on 
growing. And in terms of yield, I do not see much change going forward and it will remain 
almost around same level. 
Umang Shah: 
All right, perfect thank you. Thank you so much for patiently answering my questions and 
good luck for future quarters. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Arpit Shah: 
Hi, Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have a few questions. It is very basic question 
for myself. Can you help me with the market size of MLDs in India and who would be the 
top issuers of this product in India? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So, MLDs market size in India is now reasonably large. But MLDs are broken into two. One 
are pure bonds which look like MLDs that is a very large market and that is the listed 
market. Basically you are having MLDs from a listed debenture more or less and not too 
much market play and second you have the pure play MLDs which actually give you the 
market play. I would say, I would not precisely know the market size currently but I can tell 
you, who are the top issuers. The top issuers of course is ARGFL, Edelweiss now the PAG 
Entity, Centrum, IIFL Wealth and on MNC side - Citi is issuer. There are several issuers 
seven - eight of them but I have named the top one. If you look at the MLD business - pure 
play MLD, I would say a Rs.1,500 Crores of net mobilization every month could be the size 
of the pure play MLD business. 
Arpit Shah: 
I just wanted to understand why our take rates in MLDs are about 2% or 3%. Because if I 
see other wealth products they would be around 1% or so or maybe lower than 1%. So how 
do we make money on MLD product that is what I want to ask? 
Jugal Mantri: 
If you will look at any debt product which is sold by any wealth distributor or any financial 
intermediary, you will find that the commission - say NCD or any debt product typically the 
brokerages which are being paid are in the range of 1.5% to 2.5%. So in fact the commission 
structure which is there on the MLDs that is in line with what is being offered on the similar 
products in the market. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Let me add something here Jugalji. See you can look at commissions in two ways. MLDs 
yield, if you calculate per annum you will not get 2% - 2.5%. See what happens in MLDs, is 
you recognize it initially as trading income. For example ARGFL has had 985 MLDs 
maturing, if you compare it with what would you have actually earned per annum yield on 
market value, which is what you get paid on equity mutual funds it will not be 2.5% - 3%. 
So point is - if you calculate yield like a mutual fund does, it pays you a trail commission on 
an annualized basis on market value. At maturity if somebody backward calculated you 
would make 10% - 15% more. When you actually take your total gross mobilization and the 
money you made and divide it by AUM the yield will look sharper and larger. So to answer 
your pointed question the yield per annum is measured in the way a mutual fund-based trail 
commission, would not be twice that of mutual fund it will be just 15% - 20% more than 
usual. You understood my point right? 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes I got your point. I just want to understand who will be the underlying borrowers of such 
products? What kind of businesses of borrower in such format in terms of MLDs? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Borrowers in the sense? These MLDs are issued by the NBFC. The NBFCs are the 
borrowers. 
Arpit Shah: 
Who would be the underlying borrowers of those NBFCs? 
Jugal Mantri: 
No, it is not necessary. Ultimately the money which is being raised by the NBFC. It is at the 
discretion of the NBFC that how does they want to utilize these money, which is being 
raised. So it is not necessary, it is not a structure where these borrowings are being made to 
facilitate or back-to-back the borrowing arrangements are there. These are plainly the MLDs 
are issued on the strength of the balance sheet of the issuer. 
Arpit Shah: 
And can you split the difference between fixed and variable expenses on employees. 
Jugal Mantri: 
This is quite simple. Like anyone who is getting the fixed compensation or the fixed salary 
which is coming every month that is the fixed component. The variable component that is 
linked to the performance of the employee. So we have got a CTC structure where the 
overall compensation of every RMs is determined based on his AUM and earnings on that 
AUM his CTC is being decided and whatever fixed component is being paid to him that gets 
deducted and remaining amount is being paid as a variable payment. 
Arpit Shah: 
So what will be the fixed amount a quarter? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Fixed amount per quarter? You are talking about at the overall aggregate level? 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes. 
Jugal Mantri: 
That is - say about Rs.12 Crores per month. 
Arpit Shah: 
Around Rs.36 Crores a quarter. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Rs.36 to 37 Crores per quarter correct. 
Arpit Shah: 
So, we do get upfront fees on MLDs, right that is what Feroze meant? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes, every product other than mutual fund most of the products which are being sold by 
financial intermediaries they receive upfront income and that is the case with MLDs also. 
Arpit Shah: 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Janakiraman Rengaraju from Franklin MF. 
Please go ahead. 
Janakiraman R: 
Hi Feroze and team commendable performance, congratulations. See one is again going 
back to that interplay between the profitability and the cost structure. Now you have 
gradually improved the profitability, so if you measure PBT as a percentage of AUM, I think 
this quarter you almost touched about some 65 basis points. Where is the limit to this, to 
what level can improving efficiency in your operations improve this PBT metric by? 
Feroze Azeez: 
According to us, see like AUM is a photograph, revenue and margins are a movie. So AUM 
captured on a specific day that will not be a right representation of what yield would you 
make as a profit after tax or profit before tax. What we believe is that making a yield of 
1.3% to 1.5% on AUM is something which is sustainable for good, point one. Point two 
making more than 40% - 42% of PBT and upwards of 31% - 32% of PAT. These are the 
three numbers, we look at internally. Right now of course it can be dissected as a percentage 
of AUM but since AUM is just one specific day and if the market is 5% down that day for 
example it will distort that number. I do not know whether I am able to articulate, so these 
were the three numbers we internally focus on. 
Janakiraman R: 
So, 1.3% to 1.5% and about 42% of revenue as PBT. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, so sometimes we would like to discover further value-added services in our research 
and product group to spend some money to get a further lift in the revenues. So sometimes 
when we go to 43% - 44%, we like to see what else value-added services can be given to 
clients. So we are not very ambitious to bring PBT to 45% - 47%. Also because then you 
might be missing out on several other opportunities which can give you growth. Now so we 
spend that little money and not try and get to 47% - 48%. So 40% - 44% is what we look at 
as a percentage, i.e. PBT as a percentage of revenue. 
Jugal Mantri: 
I think I will just add what Feroze bhai has said. Mr. Janakiraman. One simple point which 
he has made. If you compare the AUM on point-to-point basis definitely there is a variation 
because if you see from 31st March to 30th June the NIFTY was down by say about 9.5% and 
mid cap, small cap they were down by 10% to 13%. So wherever the clients who have 
invested in different asset classes either being managed by you or anywhere else their annual 
numbers are down. But we have been getting trail on day-to-day basis. So when AUM at any 
particular point, if it is lower that can have a variation if you compare on point-to-point 
basis. But ultimately all three objective as highlighted by Feroze bhai those are the key 
parameters These broad numbers even whether you compare it today or after one year based 
on the operational efficiency, it might be we can better it by another say 2% to 5% or it can 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
come down by 2% to 5% whatever operating leverage which we have that would be the end 
result but directionally we will be moving in the similar way. 
Janakiraman R: 
Feroze, when I look at the growth in AUM - how to look at that number? So you have the 
increase in per ticket, per client the AUM side as well as the total client count both of them 
contribute. So how do you see that mix working? 
Feroze Azeez: 
It is very simple. I will just tell you how we internally look at the growth engines for AUM. 
So the four growth engines for AUM are as follows and all of them seem to be very 
consistent. One is the embedded growth of the portfolios. Since the asset mix of how we 
have deployed our AUM is poised for an expected return of 12% to 14%. We expect at least 
a 10% growth in AUM by the virtue of the growth in portfolios that is first leg which is the 
embedded growth which this business has unlike several other businesses. The second 
engine of growth is the capacity utilization of our RMs. Our RMs today managed 28 - 29 
clients per head. But in our belief before COVID the capacity of an RM to efficiently 
manage and keep his clients and family satisfied is 50. That means as a unit, I can double or 
close to increase our client strength by 80% without using a new RM machinery, so that is 
capacity utilization vertical of AUM growth. The third is existing clients like there are 42% 
of the clients of the 7,400, who have come within three years. So they start believing us 
more as you start establishing credibility to what you have said and they start giving you a 
large wallet share that is the third source of AUM growth. The last source of AUM growth is 
my 300 account managers, who are currently being trained to become RMs and that is the 
fourth leg of growth. So with this four legs of growth the first one which is the most certain 
one which is a 10% - 12% plus the other three, gives us a 25% AUM growth belief over 
years to come. Not just one or two years guidance, I would say that I personally very 
strongly believe 20% - 25% AUM growth is with all these four cylinders of the engine is 
what has happened in the past and I would say that is how we look at AUM growth on a 
yearly basis 20% - 25%. AUM growth in a bad quarter where market like for example the 
last one, we added Rs. 1,355 Crores but our AUM did not go up because market took away 
from. So next quarter if God is kind for example if this Rs.1,300 Crores, we again add 
Rs.1,500 Crores for example and then market gives back the Rs.1,300  Rs.1,400 Crores then 
you have Rs.2,800 Crores of AUM growth. So I am not making a guidance I am just giving 
you in an illustrious way of how we look at it. 
Janakiraman R: 
Understood. And these are the early days for Anand Rathi as a listed entity, but have you 
taken any decision in terms of distribution. So this is an asset light business, so of the free 
cash that it generate how do you plan to deploy that. 
Jugal Mantri: 
See there are two things. One thing is that we do have very clearly spelled out the dividend 
distribution policy that the guidance is about 30% to 40% of the cash accrued will be 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
distributed and rest of the things as you have rightly said that these are the early days for us 
and this is the first time any of the group company has been capitalized. So there are a lot of 
opportunities in the market and as and when those opportunities will come up so better to 
keep certain cash on the balance sheet and scout for other opportunities which may come up 
in future. 
Janakiraman R: 
Thanks Feroze, thanks Mr. Mantri all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity again. This was a follow-up to an earlier question on 
operating efficiency. In terms of the employee Opex, employee expenses to total revenues 
where do we see that in next two years’ time because for the RM, employee expenses would 
probably move in line with the growth in revenues but how should we look at the non-RM 
employee expenses growth trajectory that was one. The second, the slide on guidance we 
have not given this quarter - so does the previous guidance hold or is there a change in the 
guidance with respect to the FY2023? 
Jugal Mantri: 
So very important, I will take your first question first in terms of like variable cost you 
rightly identified in case of fixed cost that is where you get the operating leverage at one 
reason being that the cost of the product team, operation teams and other support and 
services function that remains constant even and it is not directly commensurate with the 
growth in your business. And we are capacitized to even like as of now if the AUM 
supposed from Rs.32,000 it runs up by 50% or 100% the incremental fixed cost increase will 
be marginally up it will not grow with the growth in the revenue as well as in AUM. So that 
is the scenario with the fixed cost and the second point with regards to the guidance we 
thought that if somebody will look at the guidance number, we have already achieved the 
27% in Q1 of FY2023 and normally like the first two quarters are the lean period for the 
BFSI sector so we thought that since we are already on the track with the guidance and 
having slightly over achieved that so we thought there is no need to reiterate what we have 
given in the guidance. It is up to you people to make a sense that how we are going to fare 
with regard to the guidance which have been given. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nityanand Parab. Please go ahead. 
Nityanand Parab: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers Sir. I have one question on OFA platform value. So in 
Q1, in this quarter’s presentation you have shown that we have increased the overall clients 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
to 18 lakhs, but the platform value is shown Rs.79,511 Crores. So if I compare it to the Q3 
FY2022 presentation you have shown it 17 lakhs with Rs.84,596 Crores, so just wanted to 
check how we can read this. Is this a right number or is this a typo or something like that. 
Jugal Mantri: 
No, if you will see the number which has been given for OFA is that we have got 5,368 
MFDs which are Mutual Fund Distributor and the assets on the platform is Rs. 79,500 
Crores at the end of June 30, 2022. This if you compare it with the June 30, 2021, at that 
point of time we had 5,058 MFDs with an AUA of Rs.58,586 Crores. 
Nityanand Parab: 
I was comparing with Q3 FY2022 in the presentation the figure which was shown was 
Rs.84,596 Crores. 
Jugal Mantri: 
I do not have that presentation right now but I am giving you Y-o-Y number that what was 
the number at the end of June 30, 2021, and what is the number at June 30, 2022. 
Feroze Azeez: 
I will just add one point. It could also be mark-to-market and stuff like that. This was at 
15,800 Nifty and at that time it was 17,800 and generally retail is more equity than debt this 
will impact the AUM. 
Nityanand Parab: 
The second question is related to the digital wealth AUM. So we can see that it has de-
grown slightly for this quarter so what is the outlook for this and if you can share what will 
be the percentage of the digital wealth in overall business for next three years, five years? 
What is the overall bifurcation we can have within the overall business? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Basically, like we have always stated during the IPO as well, these two businesses which are 
the digital businesses, we are learning and we are making sure that we adopt to the changing 
environment. So what we look at from a three to five year perspective is a robust growth of 
30% - 35% on a lower base like this. But since we are in the stage where we have come to 
the level, digital business which is not burning cash and that is something which we are 
reasonably clear. I think about 30%-35% growth on a lower base of AUM is something 
which is reasonable as we learn and we adopt and develop a strategy which will make it 
more monetizable.  And for the OFA business of course today, we have used it as a SaaS 
platform. We have some ideas of monetizing it very effectively, but I would not like to 
comment and create an expectation on businesses which we are wanting to build over the 
future. That is why giving a guidance of three to five years on a business where you are 
trying to develop something to be making sure that you capture the adjacent segments is 
something we should look at it on a yearly basis. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Nityanand Parab: 
And the last question was on the guidance, the last participant has also asked. So we are on 
the path to achieve the guidance which we have shared last year for FY2023? So are we 
going to up the guidance overall or what is the overall take on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Like Jugalji said that now you have to extrapolate. In a quarter like how it has been April to 
June if we have done 26% - 27% whatever that second decimal penetration into the guidance 
and generally we do 22% - 23% in the first quarter. It is for you to extrapolate and these 
were not periods where it was as easy to breathe, April to June quarter. So it is for you to 
extrapolate and see. We feel very - very confident about the guidance. 
Nityanand Parab: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is again on the OFA, what quantum of revenue 
is coming from that particular business. 
Jugal Mantri: 
See as of now in case of OFA as it is being said that this is the IT platform and where we are 
charging fixed fee from these MFDs. So monthly income is in the range of about Rs.40 to 
Rs.50 lakh fees which we are collecting from these MFDs in total per month. 
Ajox Frederick: 
And some of our peers are using a similar model and charging the AUM as a sub broker or 
whatever you may call it and they are charging 30 bps on the AUM so what stops us from 
doing that. 
Jugal Mantri: 
The thought process is that - anyway we are the largest player and once you grow it and you 
penetrate the market to the fullest extreme. Thereafter only you should focus on the revenue. 
As Feroze bhai has said that these are the experimental businesses where we are into it and 
initial objective is to gain the market share thereafter explore it from the revenue perspective 
to the fullest. So as of now when you are building up the size, capacity and penetration. The 
focus is on acquiring the market share not on generating the revenue because both these 
businesses are positive contributors to the growth. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Just one question on the MLD, to a new customer how is MLD being positioned as a 
guaranteed product or how is the sales it is being done in a very generic manner. 
Feroze Azeez: 
To any customer for that matter we look at a portfolio with a plan A and a plan B. We create 
portfolios, it all animates from client objectives. If the client objective is - let us assume 
12%, we try and see what is the minimum three-year standard deviation at which this can be 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
delivered. So the team which actually simulates several portfolio combinations as percentage 
of these three-products equity mutual fund, debt mutual fund and MLDs. Depending on the 
risk return profile i.e. 12% then we try and backward calculate what is the minimum 
standard deviation at which that can be achieved and then we draw what is the most efficient 
portfolio which can achieve an expected return of 12% and then we give a client an 
alternative of having a certain percentage in MLD 10% - 20%, 30% - 35%. If the client 
understands and says 30% in MLD then we tell them the standard deviation of a portfolio 
with this much amount of mutual fund, this much amount of debt mutual fund, equity 
mutual fund, and MLD this is the three year standard deviation, this is the beta, this is the 
maximum drawdown you could expect on a three-year holding period and then when the 
client signs up for that portfolio MLDs is a resultant outcome of that decision. MLD is not 
sold standalone. If I went in the marketplace and if somebody said take this Crore put it in 
MLD that is not the way we work. We like to design a portfolio on the risk return objective 
and then work backwards and whatever is the MLD proportion which gives an efficient 
combination that is how an MLD is sold and that is why you see such repeat buying. I am 
sure a few of you would have seen during IPO presentations close to 78% - 80% of repeat 
buyers. The reason why it is repeat buyer it is not being sold as a standalone product, it is a 
proportion on a portfolio when there is a maturity automatically there is a void and the void 
gets filled with a new fresh issuance. Does that answer? 
Ajox Frederick: 
Yes, that is very helpful and I am assuming current MLDs are three-year products right? 
Whatever is being there right now? 
Feroze Azeez: 
This is both three year and five year. We issue MLDs on the basis of the probability of its 
success. If the markets are obscenely overvalued then you would rather have a five-year 
MLDs. So to answer your pointed question it could be three year and five-year proportions. 
Could be two thirds favoring five years and one third favoring three years at the moment. 
Ajox Frederick: 
All right that is very helpful and all the best for your future. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Bhuvnesh Garg from Investec Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Hi! Sir thank you for the opportunity. First question on your digital wealth and OFA. So just 
want to understand the difference between these two. Because I see in your presentation in 
digital wealth you had mentioned that it is a partner led distribution whereas OFA also you 
are having a MFDs as your partner. So just want to understand, what is the difference 
between these digital wealth and OFA that is my first question? 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Feroze Azeez: 
Digital wealth business is a kind of a sub broker model. To cater to different segment for 
MFDs, very retail, SIP driven   - OFA is a SAS platform (Software as a Service). A digital 
wealth management is providing the HNI proposition to a mass affluent using the help of 
technology powering the human. So the capacity of managing clients could be 150 - 200. In 
DWM you are trying to make sure that the HNI proposition is delivered to a mass affluent 
with an internal team or an external team of relationship manager who can reach out to three 
times - four times and make it a more profitable business to go to a Rs. 1 Crore client or a 
Rs. 50 lakh client. That is the difference. So DWM is an interpolation of the private wealth 
business to the mass affluent. OFA is a SAAS platform for a fee. MFD uses our technology 
and white labels it and shows it to the client, is that clear? 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
So in digital wealth, if I understood correctly, your RM is your employee, right? So whereas 
OFA is again it is an MFD? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. See OFA has only technology. DWM has an HNI proposition as similar as it is possible 
to the mass affluent because if we send a conventional relationship manager who can 
manage only 50 - 60 clients. To a client who has only 50 lakhs it is not a viable business. So 
for it to become a viable business technology should be able to power an RM to manage 200 
clients then it becomes a viable business. That is why we call it an experiment because you 
learn as you go along. A private wealth division is 20 years old, 18 years old or whatever 
that number is this, you are learning so you will strategize and learn and have the agility in 
the initial part of the business that is why we have been so clear that you should not 
extrapolate it 5 - 10 years unlike most technology businesses who extrapolate and then say 
this should be the valuation and stuff. So we are trying to learn be a very agile in these 
businesses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know in your 
private wealth business, I see on a sequential basis there has been a 60% growth in the net 
flows. Can you share the breakup between the different products how the flow has been? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Jugalji you will have the précised numbers or I know more the tentative one. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes if you will compare it like on the mutual fund front as against Rs. 15,400 in June 30, 
2021, it has grown to Rs. 18,600 and in case of MLD against Rs. 9,200 Crores. You wanted 
AUM mix. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
No, the net flows Rs.1,355 Crores breakup. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Feroze Azeez: 
I remember that number Jugalji. So Rs. 800 - Rs.900 Crores of equity mutual fund Rs.100 – 
Rs. 200 Crores of debt mutual funds and other securities of another Rs. 200 Crores, this is 
the breakup. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And when we say Rs. 200 Crores of MLD flows so the revenues that we made in the quarter 
if I assume a 7% yield that would imply itself Rs. 1,100 - Rs.1,200 Crores. So how do I tie-
up these two numbers. 
Feroze Azeez: 
So you are mixing them with net flow. The commission you make is on the gross flow like a 
previous participant ask the question, what is the net flow in MLD. This quarter could be 
miniscule but there is maturity and there is reinvestment. What you earn is a percentage of 
gross mobilization, does it answer? 
Devesh Agarwal: 
So what was the gross number? 
Jugal Mantri: 
The gross mobilization for MLD was about Rs.1,100 Crores. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And that includes your secondary sales or secondary sales are different. 
Jugal Mantri: 
No this is primary mobilization. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And how much would be secondary sales Sir. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Secondary might be about 40% of this. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Around 40% and third-party Edelweiss MLDs that you do would be one third of your 
overall number. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes, Rs. 390 Crores out of the Rs, 1,100. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And one final question if I see the portfolio mix of the AUM - product mix. In last one year 
the share of equity has gone up from 39% to 46%, this would have also helped you in your 
blended yields. So do you think that there could be some churn that you would be doing 
from equity to debt and that can have some impact on your yields going ahead? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So to answer your pointed question is NO. We have different clients with different return 
objectives. We generally look at allocating money into equity and 46% is a reasonable 
representation of what we currently recommend to our client on aggregate basis. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Perfect that answers my question. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
July 13, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I would now like to handover 
the conference to the management for closing comments. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thank you. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have 
been able to address most of the queries, but it appears that there was some pending in 
queue. So we will request for all the participants’ who have not been able to raise their 
questions or put up their questions, they please kindly get in touch with our investor 
relations team or Strategic Growth Advisor our investor relationship advisor. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Wealth Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
