L&T Technology Services 
 
           Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA, Tel: +91 22 6752 5656   Fax: +91 22 6752 5893 
 
      CIN : L72900MH2012PLC232169 
 
      L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
 
                          July 20, 2022 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 The BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051. 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
BSE script Code: 540115 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
July 15, 2022 for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 20135) 
 
Encl: As above 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
July 15, 2022, 20:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, 
MR. ABHISHEK – COO, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to L&T Technology Services Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you, Aman. Hello everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of LTTS. I am Pinku, Head of Investor Relations. To those of you who have joined from 
India, thank you for participating at this late hour. Our financial results, investor release and 
press release have been filed with the Stock Exchanges, and are also available on our website, 
www.LTTS.com. I hope you've had a chance to go through them. This call is for 60 minutes. 
We will try to wrap up the management remarks in 20 minutes, and then open up for Q&A. The 
audio recording of this call will be available on our website approximately one hour after this 
call ends. 
Let me now introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have Amit Chadha – CEO; 
Abhishek – COO and Rajeev Gupta – CFO. 
We will begin with Amit providing an overview of the company performance and the 
commentary on the outlook, followed by Rajeev, who will walk you through the financial 
performance. 
Let me now turn the call over to Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you, Pinku. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us on the call today. I 
know this is at a very late hour, 8 p.m. India time and that t`oo on a Friday. We normally host 
these calls earlier, but because of the Board Meeting and then the AGM being held today, we 
got delayed. So, thank you so much for taking the time and joining. I hope all of you are healthy 
and safe. 
With that let me start with the key highlights of our Q1 performance.  
In USD terms, we had a sequential revenue growth of 4.7% in constant currency with Plant 
Engineering and Industrial Products leading the growth.  
Operational efficiencies helped us to deliver an EBIT margin of 18.3% even as we invest for 
future growth and capability building.  

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
We had bookings TCV at similar levels as Q4, which was our highest ever. Our large deal engine 
fired well with one USD 50M+ deal, four USD 15M deals and two other deals with TCV of 
USD 10M. 
Let me now provide segment wise performance and outlook.  
Starting with Transportation - we had a good quarter with sequential growth of nearly 3% and 
about 5% in constant currency. This was broad-based across sub-segments of Auto, Trucks & 
Off Highway and Aero.  
In Auto and Trucks & Off Highway, demand continues to be good in the EACV space, with 
programs on design of high-power motors and inverters, test lab development, digital cockpit 
and analytics. We are extremely happy to be investing incrementally in connected solutions to 
take advantage of the rising spends in the connected part of the EACV space. There are a few 
connected and electric large deals that we are pursuing in Europe at this stage. 
Two quarters ago, we talked about our growing pipeline of opportunities in the Aerospace and 
Rail segments. Q1 marks a second consecutive quarter of a large deal win in Aero and Rail - 
with a USD 50M deal in the Rail space, which is on the back of the USD100M+ deal that we 
got in the eVTOL space last quarter. The new deal is in the Rail signaling space where we will 
work on next generation connectivity-based solutions. 
Recently, we've also been empaneled within a European Aerospace major. To build on that 
relationship and other Aero OEMs in Europe, we opened an engineering design center in 
Toulouse, which will cater to new age digital requirements of Aerospace.  
Overall, for Transportation, we see a healthy demand environment driven by the medium to long 
term trends of EACV and we expect our growth trajectory to sustain. 
In Plant Engineering – We had a strong quarter with 7.5% sequential growth that was broad-
based across FMCG, O&G and Chemicals. We are benefiting from a secular trend across the 
sub-segments towards capacity expansion, plant modernization, automation using smart 
technologies.  
Our clients are investing in expanding capabilities and capacities across product lines, and that 
means new plants and/or ramp up, retrofit to the existing facilities. There are also investments 
being made on the digital side, especially automation, analytics and Industry 4.0.  
In O&G, we are seeing engineering value centre opportunities for customers with clients 
globally - which mean we could start the work from a US site and expand into Europe or vice 
versa, leveraging India as a low-cost location for delivery. 
Summing up, we are positive on the outlook of Plant Engineering and expect the growth 
momentum to continue. 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
At Industrial Products - we had a strong growth of 4.4% in the quarter, which was led by 
Electrical, followed by Building Automation. As more new factories get opened up, it is spurring 
demand for equipment across machinery and electric value chain. We are seeing demand being 
driven by digital engineering - with higher adoption of IIoT and robotics, as customers build 
factories of the future. There is also an increasing focus on Electrification and Sustainability - 
with a conscious shift to renewable energy, which leads to design and development of new types 
of equipment.  
Overall, for Industrial Products, we are seeing demand continue with new product development, 
digital connected products and platform development. 
In Telecom and Hitech, we had a good quarter in terms of deal wins – with 2 deals in the Semi 
space, one where we will be expanding an R&D lab setup and the other one where we are 
developing chips for the Auto industry leveraging both our VLSI design and Auto functional 
safety expertise.  Demand is likely to be there in the specialized chip space as newer capabilities 
like 5G and AI get added. Our investments into 5G labs are paying off well with repeat deals 
from customers.  
In Hitech, we are seeing a good pipeline of deals with some of the largest technology companies 
where we were empaneled recently as vendors or partners. The large deal pipeline in Telecom 
& Hitech looks promising, though we are choosy in the kind of deals we pick up - we prefer new 
technology that will help us scale and be profitable. Our pace of growth is likely to improve as 
some of these large deals close over the next quarter or so. 
Lastly, in Medical - we picked up pace versus last quarter with growth of 2.6% in Q1. Demand 
is being driven largely by spends in QARA and Digital. There is a rising trend of using software 
for enhancing existing devices, for example, using medical image fusion to diagnose and detect 
diseases faster. We are also working with chipset companies to develop chips for image 
processing. To expand the addressable market, we are investing in solutions like Software as a 
Medical Device (SAMD) that will enable us to increase mindshare with clients. We have made 
good inroads recently, acquiring new customers where we expect growth to come in going 
forward.  
There is some tightening of budgets and caution among some of our customers in Medical on 
account of inflationary cost pressures. However, we are trying to offset the softness with a 
broader digital play and targeted large deals. 
Now, a few highlights on Digital engineering and Technology - On the innovation front, our 
engineers continue to innovate and filed 25 patents in Q1. We have been able to maintain this 
pace of 25 patients for a few quarters now. In fact, patents for customers were at 20 as well in 
the past quarter. 
Our offerings are consistently rated high by industry analysts. Happy to share that ISG in their 
recent ranking has rated us as leaders across Design and Development (Products Services, 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Experience), Connected and Intelligent Operations - Discrete Industries, Connected and 
Intelligent Operations - Process Industries in both US and Europe regions 
Let me now discuss the Outlook - The current macro environment is more challenged compared 
to the previous quarter, with headwinds like inflation, supply chain disruptions, rising cost of 
talent and capital. We had sensed some of this when we spoke to you last quarter.  
While we do see signs of caution emerge in some pockets like new age startups, and newer 
business lines of clients, broadly, wherever there is a paying end client, our customers are 
proceeding with their transformational programs with Digital being an area of priority and spend. 
We believe our six bets focus and capability investments are aligned with the multi-year strategic 
spend areas of the global ER&D companies and will help us drive further growth.  
I'm happy to share that the measures we've taken towards greater employee connect and 
engagement have yielded results. LTTS has been recognized as a Great Place to Work® in India 
for its employee friendly best practices and is a testament to our standing as a preferred company 
for passionate engineers.  
Attrition like we indicated previously, has risen but we are seeing signs of it stabilizing and we 
are working inclusively across our employee base. 
Finally, we reaffirm our FY23 guidance or 13.5-15.5% in US dollar terms. The currency 
volatility in Q1 has impacted our reported revenue in Q1 and would have an impact on the full 
year too. On a constant currency basis, our revenue growth guidance translates to 14.5-16.5% 
using Q4 currency rates as a baseline. 
With that said, I will be around for questions. I wish you all good health. I hand over to my 
colleague Rajeev now to provide further commentary. 
Rajeev Gupta:  
Thanks, Amit. Good evening to all of you. I hope you're keeping safe and healthy. I'm pleased 
to share our Q1 FY23 performance - it has been another quarter of good results with revenue 
growth and operational execution. 
Now, let me walk you through Q1 FY23 financials, starting with the P&L: 
Our revenue for the quarter was Rs. 1,874 crores, a growth of 6.7% on sequential basis. Our 
double-digit YoY growth trajectory continues with Q1 revenue up 23.4% on YoY basis.  
EBIT margin is at 18.3% compared to 18.6% in Q4 FY22 - continues to be above our 18% 
aspiration level. During the quarter, we had gains from currency depreciation which were offset 
by higher employee benefit costs. 
Moving to below EBIT: Other income was at Rs. 34 crores, slightly higher on sequential basis 
due to higher Income from Investments.  

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Effective Tax Rate for Q1 was 27.1% compared to our target range of 26.5% to 27%.  
Net Income for the quarter stood at Rs. 274 crores, which is 14.6% of revenue, up 4.7% on 
sequential basis, and 26.8% on YoY basis, driven primarily by Revenue growth and operational 
execution. 
Moving to Balance Sheet - let me highlight the key line items:  
DSO improved to 80 days at the end of Q1 FY23 compared to 87 days in the previous quarter, 
while Unbilled days came at 22 days in Q1 compared to 15 days in Q4. The combined DSO 
including Unbilled remain flat from previous quarter. Our target range for combined DSO is less 
than 95 days. 
Now, let me talk about cash flows - Our Free Cash Flows was Rs. 91 crores, which is 33% of 
Net Income. This will improve as quarters go by.  
Our Cash and Investments rose to Rs.2,241 crores by end of Q1 FY23. 
Moving to revenue metrics: On a sequential basis $ revenue growth was 3.2% in reported terms 
and 4.7% on constant currency basis, mainly led by Plant Engineering, Industrial Products and 
Transportation segments.  
The segmental margin performance improved in 3 out of 5 segments on a sequential basis. 
Now, commenting on operational metrics: The Onsite:Offshore mix shifted towards offshore. 
Offshore percentage now stands at 56.2%. We expect this to be around 57% to 58% range going 
forward. The T&M revenue mix increased to 73.1% in Q1 – this reflects the wins in digital and 
leading-edge space.  
Client profile, which indicates number of Million dollar plus accounts, has shown a sequential 
improvement in USD 20M+, 10M+, 5M+ and 1M+ plus range. The client profile numbers have 
seen an improvement over the past few quarters, and this trend will continue in the coming 
quarters. 
Client contribution to revenue - All three categories, Top 5, Top 10 & Top 20 showed a slight 
decline compared to Q4. This is as some of our Next 20 customers have been growing at a faster 
clip, which is also visible in the improvement in our USD 10M+ plus customers. 
Headcount increased sequentially by 572 employees, while Attrition moved up to 23.2%. We 
continue to invest in talent for future growth and believe the attrition trend will likely soften in 
the coming quarters as we take various employee engagement measures. 
Realized rupee for Q1 was around Rs. 78.2 to the US dollar, a depreciation of over 3% compared 
to Q4. 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Before I conclude, let me give some visibility on EBIT margin trajectory going forward. In Q2, 
we will have headwinds from wage hikes that are effective July’22, which we will try to offset 
through a combination of growth and operational efficiencies. As indicated in the prior quarter, 
our aspiration is to maintain EBIT margin at 18% levels in the medium-term with levers such as 
growth, better quality of revenues, and operational efficiency gains.  
I thank all the investors and analysts for their continued patronage. And with that, I now hand it 
over to the moderator for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
on the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
So first question was on the growth side. It was good to see that you're regularly now winning 
USD 50M to USD100M deals on a standalone basis. You also mentioned that there were deal 
booking in Q1 like Q4 was your highest ever. Just trying to put that in context, can you just share 
your views on the segmental impact, which is baked into your guidance from the macro 
weakness which you are seeing. You mentioned medical devices, but given that the large deals 
are coming in, how do you see the impact of client spending slowdown that will flow into 
different verticals? 
Amit Chadha: 
Mukul, Hi, thank you so much. Mukul, first of all, we do believe that our guidance that we 
provided, if I take the constant currency bit of 14.5-16.5%, that takes into account the wins that 
we've had not just in the current quarter, it takes time to start. But what we've been having in the 
last two, three quarters, right. As a trend, what we've seen is that deals in Transportation, Plant 
Engineering, and Industrial Products are there which we've been winning consistently and 
Hitech, we've seen deals in specific areas, while Medical has been slightly smaller ticket sizes, 
if I may, right. But that is not to say we don't want incremental revenue, we only want 
exponential revenue. I'm happy to take incremental because every client and segment is different. 
Where we are seeing and I did mention in my commentary, Mukul, that there are areas where 
there's no paying customer for a project. Six months ago, everybody was saying even though 
there's no paying customer that it will come, let's go ahead and do the product development or 
deployment, etc., I have seen in the last quarter. That's why when we gave you the guidance at 
the end of Q4, we had baked some of that in because we were starting to see customers telling 
us that customers will buy - like one the CFO turned around and said, my customer will buy, 
they may just trade down to a lower version of the same device. In other case, a client came back 
and said that I am doing a rationalization of what skills do I have in-house to what I will give 
you externally and maybe I may have overhired in a certain area. So therefore, I will look at you 
to help me in ABC space. The good thing I'm seeing is clients coming back and saying, you are 
an extension of my space. So, if you are investing in a 5G lab, you are investing in a sensor lab, 
you are investing in a device test lab, I will not do it. I will leverage your space. So, I do see that 
as a positive more than a negative. I hope I've answered your question. 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Sorry, just to clarify, except for medical devices, there is no clear-cut trend which is developing 
till now in terms of impact. And second part obviously, have you already started seeing clients 
- kind of looking at cost rationalization through giving more work to LTTS? 
Amit Chadha: 
So we are definitely seeing people leverage us for speed-to-market. But there are clear customers 
coming to us with cost-to-market as well. And those enquiries, those deal closures are happening. 
We do see, like I said and then you reconfirmed - Medical and certain pockets of Telecom & 
Hitech, where we do see a little bit of a pause. Like I said, if there was a paying end-customer, 
profitable paying customer, those projects are going forward, those areas are going forward. In 
fact, some of our large deals that we've had, there are some deals that we are shaping up in 
Telecom, which basically are going to be worked on the fact that we will be able to do it in our 
India centers - cheaper, better faster. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, Amit, I just have one broader level question. Given that you've been in this industry for such 
a long period of time, and I'm sure you've seen ups and downs in the industry from the client 
side and everything. So just wanted to basically pick up into the fact that right now we're all 
looking at maybe a possible recession from that, two or three quarters down the line, or whenever 
it is. Typically, when such economic downturn or a recession happens, how do clients tend to 
basically react in terms of their processes, and which specific set of clients tend to basically cut 
more or cut first than the other ones? And a side up question to that, does this captives form the 
large part of the ER&D ecosystem across the world, does an economic downturn like this 
actually make these companies do less work in their captives to save cost and outsource more or 
is there any trend like that, that we can probably just if you could provide? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. There's a recent report that's come out from Zinnov. Report was released in May or early 
June, which basically said that by 2025, ER&D spend is about USD 1.6 Trillion in 2021 and 
they expect this USD 1.6 Trillion by conservative estimates to go to USD 2 Trillion by 2025 and 
optimistic estimates to go to USD 2.3 Trillion. Now, there are two parts, we really look at the 
report and then I'll correlate to what I'm seeing. Legacy engineering or traditional engineering, 
ER&D, they are saying will go from the current USD 982 Billion in 2021 to a USD 1 Trillion 
by 2025. So, not a lot of difference. The growth will come in digital, which will go from what, 
USD 650 Billion to between USD 1 Trillion - 1.3 Trillion. Here are the positives right in spite 
of recessionary talks, etc., a) People are still going on vacations, airports are full, jam packed, 
hotels are not available, staff is less, people are more. b) Staffing challenges and pressures will 
not go away and therefore people are turning to automation. c) People will pay for the experience 
at this point of time, even in a business hotel they want they want to be able to check in fast and 
check out fast and therefore there will be in a digital system that will be put in place. Truck rolls 
are becoming expensive, nobody wants to sit in a truck and attend to maintenance issues. So, 
there is definitive spend that people have to do if they want to stay relevant in predictive 
maintenance and reactive maintenance, etc., by automating more. So, automation spends, digital 
spends are there and will continue to expand. The one thing that is definitely happening is clients 
are turning around and saying, so when is payback, is payback in 12 months, is it 24 months, is 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
it 36 months. So, there are definitive conversations that are happening. Second, I'd shared this 
when we won the USD 100 Million deal as well with you - Larger deals take a little bit longer. 
Nobody's flying into ride a check and leave. So, that behaviour has not changed. The area where 
I have seen people coming back and saying, let's hold off and discuss is where they don't have a 
paying customer. There is a new product launch they don't know who the customer is for sure. 
Their payback period is seven years, their payback period is eight years, they are discussing it. 
But at the same time, Oil & Gas and CPG is spending like there's no tomorrow. So that is a 
positive that we're seeing. So I do not want to paint a picture that it's going to come as bad as 
COVID. That is impossible. That was a black swan moment in my view. But what we are seeing 
is specific pockets, people are asking the question. We are having to reconfirm that this still 
makes sense, still possible for their consumers. And that's what we're doing right now, and that's 
where we see the market heading as we move forward. On our own turn as well, we are 
continuously working on improving utilization, etc., that we're doing and reskilling, etc., 
Vibhor Singhal: 
On the captives one, is there a trend generally in recessionary times that clients tend to outsource 
more and give less work to their own captives or nothing like that? 
Amit Chadha: 
So it is different for different segments. I will tell you one thing I am seeing. I am not seeing 
segmental problems. I am seeing specific company issues. There could be a client that has been 
in a problem because they were depending on a product line & that’s gone away. So, they are in 
a problem. That I'm seeing. But overall segment standpoint, I still see ER&D cautiously 
optimistic if I may. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
N Padmanabhan: 
I have two questions. The first is you had mentioned that you're seeing some challenges or 
caution in newer business lines and clients in start-ups. So, if you think about the business, is it 
a significant proportion of the overall business as a percentage? 
Amit Chadha: 
No, it is not. Please read my comments more as that I was providing a generic commentary that 
see, when there is a start-up, again like I just said, number of payback time, etc., is a challenge. 
If I may say in another way, the era of free money is over. You have a paying customer; I have 
money for you. You don't have a paying customer or you have an idea, please wait in line. That's 
broadly what we're seeing. 
N Padmanabhan: 
In that same context, let's assume broadly global growth does slow down quite a bit and then 
you contrast that with a shock kind of scenario that we have seen during COVID or GFC. If 
growth just slows down, and there's no shock, then how would you think about growth, do you 
think that's more beneficial versus a shock relatively? 
Amit Chadha: 
See, it's all segmental, if you look at it. It varies, right, it depends. Even if growth slows down, 
even if oil prices come down to $80/Barrel, I do believe that Oil & Gas, CPG will continue to 
spend. They have longer cycle times, paybacks periods, etc., they will continue to spend. 
Chemicals will continue to refresh their businesses, b) People are looking at alternative energy 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
very seriously. So anything to do with electric will continue to grow,  which has impact on Auto, 
IP, etc., That's the part of sustainability if you like, c) autonomous is going to grow, whether it 
be autonomous robots, warehouse retrieving systems, you look at baggage handling systems, 
etc., because reality is that there is a labor shortage. So these three things plus telemedicine and 
governance around Medical, these are the areas that will grow. Aircraft traffic is back. That is 
not going anywhere, that will continue to grow. New design cycles will start. But there will be 
areas where there will be a pause, there will be a refresh, there will be a recalibration and we are 
seeing that on the ground. And when we had talked to you last quarter, when we gave you the 
guidance and we reconfirm today, we do see those continuing on. That is there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just the first question relates to the top clients. This is second quarter in a row where growth 
within top-10 clients being lower than the company average. And Amit, just to reconfirm, relate 
to your comment is you are saying, the issue is more client-specific rather than industry-specific 
or segment-specific? So, are we seeing any clients specific issue in any of our top 10 clients? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sandeep, I'd like to confirm to you that in fact rather than looking at revenue from top 5 or top 
10, right, I would request you actually to look at my client profile and compare that. In Q1 last 
year, there was no USD 30M+ account. I've got two and this is LTM by the way. We do not 
share the picture of run rate in the current quarter, but we go LTM. But my run rate in the current 
quarter picture is a better picture than this picture on LTM. My USD 20 M+ clients grew by one 
sequentially and two YoY. I look at my USD 10M+ clients, three added in four quarters and in 
single quarter one, USD 5M+ added. So I would not worry about top five just yet. I've always 
said we're not a quarter-on-quarter business. We are a more longer-term business, medium-term 
business. Kindly please look at it next quarter, you will see some of this refresh. I will not worry 
about it. But I do understand where you're coming from. But I'm reconfirming to you and telling 
you, I do not have any client situation or issues. We did have one project in Q3. A significant 
project with a customer that we dropped in Q4. We told you about it at the end of Q3. And that's 
done and dusted. Beyond that we don't have any challenges.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Just in this quarter, the employee cost as a percentage to revenue has gone up by 300 basis points. 
So what will be offset in tailwinds, which led to just a 30 bps kind of a margin decline as a 
whole? So I missed the margin walk. I got disconnected. Sorry, if I am repeating.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
This is Rajeev. I'll take that question. So yes, we did see the employee cost go up 300 basis 
points in this quarter. And that's at the back of the investing in talent that continues, right, and 
this is a quarter where we see the full impact of the hiring that we've done in the previous quarters 
as well. The freshers that we've been talking around, we believe that some of this will start to 
yield benefit going into Q2. And also, that's an area where we think it's going to be one of the 
levers that will turn out to be more positive. In addition, we invest on certain accounts, right. 
And these have been recent wins, where we are building capability so that we're able to have 
these resources trained ahead of time so that they are able to deliver on to these new wins and 
accounts that we've recently won. 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Abhishek: 
I will just add on to what Rajeev was mentioning. This is Abhishek here. There are one or two 
deals that we have won in the last quarter, which needs reasonable amount of investment before 
they start billing…I can't share the numbers with you. So the upskilling and training that we're 
doing for these resources will start generating revenue from mid-July to early-August. And that 
is the other reason why we had to invest in the talent and C&B as a percentage has been impacted 
to some degree. Also, this quarter, you would have seen we've not taken freshers. So our net 
headcount increase has more to do with laterals that we have hired unlike the last few quarters, 
because this is not the quarter where industry takes freshers anyway. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
My first question is regarding your comments about challenges in Telecom, Hitech. Can you 
just elaborate, which pieces of Telecom are under pressure? And also, on the Hitech piece, is it 
because of the semiconductor disruption or are the product companies witnessing slower growth 
for them, which is driving their spending challenges? The second is just a clarification on the 
guidance per se. So, the last quarter guidance you gave, should we take that as a CC number and 
then assume what you gave which is the current guidance, which is an increase over the previous 
quarter? And the third question is again on the employee number. Now, as per the filings on 
BSE, employee cost is up roughly 12.5%, while as per the presentation it is up roughly 7%. So, 
the disconnect is largely because of the sub-contracting or how should I read that figure? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So, we will obviously answer it in the sequence it was said. So, if I look at Hitech, I'll 
divide that up into six sub-segments; there is Consumer Electronics, there is Semiconductor, 
there are Telecom operators, there is Media & Entertainment, there is Telecom infra and there 
is I want to call it platform companies or ISV companies. Now, as far as semiconductor is 
concerned, going well, gangbusters, no project pauses, design cycle is intact. As far as consumer 
electronics is concerned, there is a little bit of a pause, start, pause, start because China supply 
was not coming, what do they design unless they're able to get the product out, etc., There's been 
a little bit of a question being asked again in that C-area and not cancellations, but just delays in 
decision-making, etc., In Media & Entertainment, no pauses, no stops, we are seeing continuous 
project-after-project program-after-program. If I take Telecom operators and Telecom infra, I 
will lump it together and I will say that areas where 5G has been approved, things are going 
forward, where 5G has not been approved or people are trying to find paying customers, etc., 
there are questions. This is also the area where we bought Orchestra and we seem to be doing 
fine and expanding and building out account that could be in a USD 10M range in this space. 
Platforms is where we are seeing free money stop. And you've seen the news as well as I have 
and we've seen it in our projects, etc., that people are clearly questioning that will advertising 
come and should I invest in this particular sub-product or package. So Consumer Electronics 
and Platforms are sub segments is where there are questions. And if you ask me Telecom 
operators and infra was delayed in 5G, and we continue to see some pause, some stop, etc., 
certain areas, we're seeing 5G decisions. So therefore it's starting to pick up. So that's your 
answer on Hitech. Again, I am not saying doom and gloom, I'm just saying, there's a question 
asked, is there a paying customer, who's paying for this in the room. That's coming up. Also, a 
lot of these companies had overhired their own staff, not our work. So, they're pausing to see 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
whether they want to do it or not. Yesterday, one of the GAMMA companies came out and said 
that they will fire 1,500 people, but  will hire in a different technology area. So technology 
refresh, technology reassessment is happening. That is question number one. Question three on 
employee cost. Rajeev will answer. The second one on guidance. I want to say it unequivocally 
our guidance in reported currency is at 13.5-15.5%. If I was to take currency base at Q4 FY22, 
then please read our guidance as 14.5-16.5%. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Let me take the question on the employee cost and I will guide you to look at the investor release. 
When you compare between the investor release and of course, the financials that have been 
shared on the SEBI site, this is really on account of the ESOP cost that have been issued to the 
senior management. In the investor release we classify ESOP cost under SG&A. So that's the 
primary reason why you're seeing the difference. I hope that clarifies, Abhishek. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
I had a question. I mean, in your opening remarks you mentioned, you're having some 
conversations with the clients particularly to the next year and clients are getting slightly 
cautious. If you could throw some more light as to what exactly are these conversations, that 
would be helpful? And second thing was how are you seeing spends particularly on the 
automotive side of the things specifically on the EV and self-autonomous, have the global spends 
still continuing or should there be a question over there? 
Amit Chadha: 
So let me give you some excerpts of conversation that has been happening with our clients. So 
no names, but I will tell you some of the excerpts so you can get an idea. 1) “COVID-19 is there 
but not prominent anymore. We know it’s there, but we have learned to live with it” - Multiple 
CXOs. 2) “The great resignation era looks to be easing and we are relooking at our talent mix.” 
- this is from the CXO of a Hitech customer. 3) This is from VP engineering of a big three auto 
company – “The chip situation will improve throughout 2022 and hopefully stabilize in 2023. 
4) This is from the CFO of a large Medical company. Our customers continue to buy, but will 
start trading down.” 5) Next one is from an Industrial Products company CEO – “Product 
lifecycle is getting shorter. Going digital is good for us. We have discovered new markets and 
will continue to expand leveraging digital technologies.” 6) Now, this is from an auto tier-1 
CEO, not an OEM, but a tier-1 CEO - “We are optimizing capex. Need to prioritize where we 
invest in, where we can wait. Electric and Experience will be the key differentiators for car buyer 
to the future.” 7) Finally, it is from a Telecom infra customer’s CEO – “Everybody needs faster 
reliable networks, but we need paying customers.” So this is some of the verbatim lingo that we 
are hearing. I told somebody earlier today, I don't track the number of meetings our senior 
management does with our customers or the number of clients visiting us. I can assure you year-
on-year that number of clients visiting us and our CXO level meetings has gone up more than 
150% YoY. Last year people were anyways not traveling. QoQ, we are up by about 35-40% in 
terms of meeting and interactions. So, I want to confirm that there are interactions, I want to 
confirm there are conversations, I want to confirm there is ideation, idea generation, etc., Again, 
net-net, if I summarize the whole thing I’ll say proceed with caution. That's the net message I'm 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
getting. But proceed, surely proceed. Now, let me go to automotive. There are four areas that we 
are seeing spend areas. One is electric. And that is not fully electric - hybrid electric is happening. 
Second is autonomous and parts of autonomous. I do not believe there will be a complete 
highway there are only autonomous cars and we all are reading newspapers. I think it's a little 
far-fetched. Third, connected, there is definitive conversations. In fact, one more thing 
happening is people are talking about V2X. That is will the vehicle generate as it runs and pass 
back electricity back to the grid. And will that help in terms of paying for the cost of the car. The 
last thing we have seen differently which was not there two quarters ago is people are pulling us 
in and talking about cybersecurity and cyberattacks on the car. There is a certain customer I 
have; he's actually pulled us in and expanded. And these are not huge teams that you expand 
with. But there are high caliber people that are working with one of our clients on a certain model 
year and model of sedans of a European customer, who says that I feel that these set of sedans 
will get hacked and somebody will come in and create problems on the GPS system. Please 
come in and see what you can do to tighten it. So, cybersecurity is a fourth area that is getting a 
lot of traction in this space. So that's broadly I hope I've answered. People are talking about 
electric in Off-highway, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders, etc., People are talking about 
electric for boats, partly electric, eVTOL we've talked about last time, that continues to happen. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Just one last extension to it. With the aspiration that we have of USD 1.5 Billion by FY25, does 
it give you the confidence in the order book and turn out to be cautious given the evolving 
situation? 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you so much for asking that. I'm reconfirming USD 1 Billion dollar run rate either in Q2 
or Q3 of FY23. Second, I'm reconfirming our aspiration to be at USD 1.5 Billion run rate by 
FY25 in any one of those quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Can you give a little more detail on our hiring plan and how are we finding it difficult to hire 
lateral talent the way which is required for our company? 
Amit Chadha: 
I wanted one more point to make here… and before that Sandeep or Nitin had made a point, six 
big bet areas that we had taken EACV, 5G, Digital Products, AI, Med-Tech, Digital 
Manufacturing, Sustainability. We are seeing continued traction in that space. In fact, one report 
I talked about that has come out, that actually talks to it with the digital going up. And the way 
we are seeing it go, we believe that these are very relevant. We are actually really fortunate that 
our teams and I would compliment our engineers, our leaders that came together to create these 
bets. They were not top-down, they were bottoms up. In fact, happy to share, a senior customer 
from one of our top 10 clients came to talk to a bunch of us in Chicago about two months ago. 
And four of the six bets that we have aligned with his bets. So, our sales team turned around and 
said that we are so pleased that we have heard our customers, and my response was, we heard 
our customers, we heard you, and we culled it bottoms up. So, I did want to share that it was a 
good moment for me personally, professionally to share it. Now, your question was hiring. See, 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
our hiring continues to happen. Please remember that we took 3,000 freshers last year. We will 
take a similar number of freshers this year. 2,500 offers are already out. But we will do a mix of 
laterals and freshers as we move forward. We are looking at inclusive growth. So that will 
happen. Abhi, would you like to add? 
Abhishek: 
Yes, just to add to that, our fresher strategy of course will continue, but also our upskilling, 
reskilling strategy on which our entire talent upgradation is built on, will also continue because 
that is what we think is a core, I mean, the solution is not to keep hiring people from outside at 
the cost of people inside. So, we will continue to invest in the people in our company in a very 
focused manner. 
Amit Chadha: 
In fact, I don't want to say, but I will. I don't listen to Pinku often. So yesterday, ET has given us 
the gold award for our global training engineering academy. It's a very proud moment. And our 
head of global engineering has been awarded the silver award for the work done, I would 
compliment our leaders, I would compliment Abhishek for believing in it and bringing it as he 
came on as COO. That is one of the first things that he institutionalized. So I do believe that this 
retraining, upskilling, side skilling is there to stay. And I'm really truly grateful to the work that's 
been done in this area. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How big is the offshoring opportunity the way if our business keeps on maturing, our delivery 
capability improving? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I'm going back a few quarters, right, and this was during the COVID times where of course the 
working model dramatically changed. We believe some of that model is getting reset now. And 
with that we believe the offshoring at least from our perspective would be in the range of 57% 
to 58%. We're at about 56%. I believe there's an opportunity to improve by another 200 basis 
points. And that's at the back of the fact that a lot of large deal new wins, the initial part of that 
project gets kick started onshore and then moves into offshore over a periodic basis. And hence, 
I believe that it'd be more in the range of 57% to 58% going forward for offshore. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question that is a follow up question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Rajeev, just wanted a clarification. You mentioned, three of your verticals have seen profitability 
improvement. If we look at just the segmental level profitability, it's at all-time high, but you 
had a meaningful increase in unallocable expenses this quarter, leading to a margin impact. Can 
just help us make some sense of it, because there was a sharp jump versus last quarter and it is 
among the highest in last many years, how should we look at it going forward, and is there 
something which can improve kind of give you some buffer for next quarter wage hike? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you so much, Mukul, for putting up this question. I should have highlighted it earlier. So 
really when you see that unallocable expenses -  that sharp increase, I briefly mentioned, but I'd 
like to clarify, I mean, this is essentially the ESOP cost to the senior management, and that as I 
said, we tend to classify under SG&A. And when you look at the segmental margin, it is under 

© L&T Technology Services 
 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call
 
July 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
unallocable expenses. So, that sharp increase you can attribute to the ESOP cost specially issued 
to the senior management. 
Mukul Garg: 
So, will this recur or this is a one-time? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
This will recur; this is something that you see from Q1 onwards and it will continue going 
forward as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Rajeev, just a follow up in terms of Q2, the wage hikes will be due and you said it would be 
compensated through the growth and the operational efficiency. So, are we expecting we can 
compensate the total headwind of wage hikes through these tailwinds? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Sandeep again, appreciate the question. So, again, it's something that we see every year, the 
wage hikes are in Q2. Now we believe as these wage hikes come into being in Q2, we will have 
levers like growth, quality of revenue, of course, we've seen productivity improvement, 
operational efficiencies and economies of scale. So we will do in terms of the same 
counterbalancing, but the fact is that there may be a possibility that not entirely gets absorbed 
and that's one to see in terms of how we see the quality of revenues panning out in Q2. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the conference back 
to Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We hope we're able to answer most of your 
questions. If you have any follow-ups, please feel free to reach out to me. Well, with that, it’s a 
wrap, I wish you all safe times and have a great day. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
 
 
 
