REF.NO./GHCL/AHMD/2022-2023/363A 
DATE: JULY 21, 2022 
To 
To 
ISO 9001 :2008 I ISO 14001 :2004 
OHSAS 180 01 :2007 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
REF: Security Code No. 526367 
REF: Company Symbol: GANESHHOUC 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Ql FY23 Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
In continuation of our letters dated July 15, 2022, July 18, 2022 and July 20, 2022, please find 
enclosed the transcript of Q 1 FY23 Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 for your information and records. 
Web link to access above Transcript is as under: 
https://ganeshhousing.com/assets/main/pdf/financial-presentation/Transcript-of-Ql-FY23-
Earnings-Call. pdf 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
~f 
o-lS, 
DIP AKKYFM'AR G. p A TEL 
CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00004766 
HMEDABA 
Encl: As above 
GANESH CORPORATE HOUSE 
100 ft. Hebatpur-Thaltej Road, 
Nr. Sola Bridge, Off. S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad-380 054. Gujarat, India. 
CIN:L45200GJ1991PLC015817 
P +91 79 6160 8888 
F +91 79 6160 8899 
E ganesh@ganeshhousing.com 
W www.ganeshhousing.com 

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA - GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ KALAWATIA – VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE - 
GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED  
MR. RAVI – CORPORATE AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS - 
GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
Go India Advisors 
Unbi:::iae.:: and 6::::lonccd 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you Michelle. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Ganesh Housing 
Corporation Limited Earnings Call to discuss the Q1 FY2023 results. We have on the call 
with us today, Mr. Rajendra Shah, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj Kalawatia, Vice 
President, Finance; and Mr. Ravi, Corporate and Financial Advisor. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. 
 
We now request Mr. Rajendra Shah to take us through the company’s business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open the flow for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you Rajat. Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. We thank you all for joining us on 
this call today to discuss our Q1 financial year 2022-2023 results. We are happy to 
announce another quarter of robust performance amidst the ongoing macroeconomic 
challenges. Quarter one of financial year 2022-2023 so a cumulative 90 bps of repo rate 
hike by RBI, we decrease the home purchase affordability however Ahmedabad market 
remains largely affordable with the positive change in sentiment towards home ownership, 
which kept the housing demand intact. 
 
On the operational front, we have registered a sale of Rs.99 million. We have not launched 
any new projects this quarter and the last two launch projects have not yet been completed. 
As a result, we could not book any additional sales on these projects as per accounting 
standards. Hence our sales have been slightly lower than Q 1 of financial year 2021-2022. 
As of June 2022, we have no inventory in ongoing projects also ending June 2022. We have 
unsold completed inventory of 0.09 million square feet, which we value at Rs.450 million. 
 
In Malabar 3 project, we have received RERA approval and permission to commence 
construction in February 2021. During 16 odd months of actual construction post-these 
approvals, we have managed to complete 80% of the construction in this project across six 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 11 
towers. In Malabar Exotica Project, we have received RERA approval and permission to 
commence construction in July-August 2021. During this 11 odd month period, we have 
been progressing ahead of schedule. In both these projects Malabar 3 and Malabar Exotica, 
we have booked 100% units in both these projects. We are using precast technology of 
construction, which is cost effective and helps us to achieve faster and better-quality 
execution. We expect to complete this project ahead of schedule. 
 
I will now briefly touch upon our financial performance during the quarter and year gone 
by. Our revenue came in at Rs.427 million for quarter one of financial year 2022-2023 
versus Rs.793 million in same quarter last year. Our EBITDA grew at 20% year-on-year 
and came in at Rs.251 million for quarter one of financial year 2022-2023 versus Rs.210 
million in quarter one of financial year 2021-2022. 
 
Led by operational efficiencies, our margins have improved significantly at 58.5% for 
quarter one of financial year 2022-2023 versus 26.5% for period ending quarter one of 
financial year 2021-2022. 
 
Our PAT for quarter one of financial year 2022-2023 came in at Rs.131 million versus 
Rs.54 million for period ending quarter one of financial year 2021-2022 registering a 
growth of 143% year-on-year. 
 
Our debt has reduced significantly from Rs.3393 million. Ending financial year 2020-2021 
to Rs.1060 million for the period ending quarter one financial year 2022-2023. As of this 
board meeting bit, the debt has further reduced to a two-digit number in terms of rupees 
Crores which is 71.8 Crores or 718 million through prepayment. This is a significant 
achievement. Ongoing and upcoming projects in key location of Ahmedabad provides us 
with great comfort and visibility of cash flows, which keeps us on track to deleverage 
further, we have been diligently improving and delivering our balance sheet in over the past 
few years. We have reduced our long-term debt by 84% in last three years and a quarter. On 
the finance cost front, our cost of borrowing is stable at 13.8% as on quarter one of financial 
year 2022-2023. 
 
Coming to our future growth prospects and guidance, the sales of houses in Ahmedabad 
witnessed a strong recovery registering a 95% growth in the first half of calendar year 2022. 
The sales volume in the residential real estate market has almost reached level scenes in 
pre-COVID 2019. Ahmedabad has traditionally been a price-sensitive market and 
developers have been mindful not to raise the prices despite of increasing input cost for 
items such as steel and cement compared to price increase across other metro cities. 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 11 
However, during the last quarter, the real estate developers have taken a conscious call to 
increase prices by 5% to 10%. 
 
As mentioned previously, we continue to have a strong and robust project pipeline of four 
residential and two commercial projects. These projects are being launched in a phased 
manner with two projects being launched in over next 6 to 12 months, three projects being 
launched in next over 12 to 24 months and one project being launched in next 24 to 36 
months. We continue to target developing 8 million square feet of infrastructure and special 
projects like SEZ township etc., in next four years with total sales value of Rs.30000 
million. 
 
At this stage, I would like to reiterate the fact that over the last four decades of our existence 
we have never had to lower our expected sales or pre-launch prices hence we are confident 
that this will continue to create growth and prosperity for our end customers. 
 
With this, I request proceedings to be handed over Rajat. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Michelle you can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Sir just wanted to check like we do not have any inventory in Malabar County III right. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, everything is sold. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Any reason why we are going slow on launching the Exotica, first like you mentioned that 
the launch will happen in next 6 to 12 months. Is there any trigger that you are waiting for 
to launch the project or any other statutory reason behind that? 
Rajendra Shah: 
See on the existing project both Malabar County III and Malabar Exotica, they are running 
on a fast scale construction that is a one target area where we are pushing our construction 
completion to preponed. Second is on the planning side of the two projects. There has been 
some planning changes in the ongoing project, which is undergoing some changes as well 
as some of the projects where the government intervention is needed there already our team 
is in touch base with the government clearances where it is taking some sort of time, so 
accordingly we have kept some buffer in terms of launching. 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Can we expect that in this year itself? 
Rajendra Shah: 
Sorry. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Will it happen maybe in the second half of this year fair to assume that? 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, that is our target. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Okay thank you so much. That is all from my side. All the best for the year ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity Ventures 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Naman Bhansali: 
I wanted to ask the first question on the revenue; it has declined this quarter, but what 
would be the revenue guidance for this full year and what are the projects from which sales 
will come given that we almost has a very minimal inventory? 
Rajendra Shah: 
In terms of the revenue piece, see on a year-to-year basis, the revenue is looking on the 
lower side because there were a sizable inventory was there from the completed projects 
during last year, which contributed to the sales and corresponding year cost was also 
allocated at that point of time, but as compared to that year and now in the current year this 
quarter, on the revenue say it might be the season on compared to the lower but on the 
EBITDA side and PAT side, we have improved our numbers as compared to the last year 
because of that reason only. 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
As far as the guidance is concerned, we normally do not try to give any forward-looking 
guidance, but I think the way things are going not just those the projects which were 
launched last year would be completed this year itself, so we do expect sales to be booked 
as soon as they are completed and handed over that will improve the revenue significantly 
apart from the ongoing revenues, which have been happening. We do believe that the year-
on-year targets which were there for the last year versus FY2023 would be significantly 
higher, the way things are going on in Q1 and the way we see the Q2 and Q3 coming forth 
and especially the last quarter when these two projects would have been completed and a lot 
of sales would have been booked on that, so we do believe that it can improve significantly 
in the current year. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay, understood.  My next question is on the units that were sold during the quarter. How 
much of the price appreciated for these units and as compared to what we were selling these 
in previous quarter and I wanted to know that where the cost being optimized that led to 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 11 
significant operating margins expansion and how would this continue for next couple of 
quarters? 
Rajendra Shah: 
I am coming your question one-by-one. One is that you say in terms of the price increase in 
our undergoing project, we have already increased the price to the extent of 10% to 
accommodate the market engine because the market has also adapted this strategy to 
increase the price on this part. Secondly in terms of the margin which you said about, we 
see traditionally our margins have been higher on a year-over-year basis and largely this 
was mainly the reason was a lower cost toward the land acquisition, which has been 
traditionally in our book historically and last two years were typically the odd years where 
there was a hangover of the inventory because of COVID and this IL&FS crisis and 
because of that carry forward thing this impacted our overall margin in the book and that 
issue get addressed from the current year itself. On now quarter quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on-year basis, you will see again the margins being restated like the earlier years also. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amresh Kumar from Geosphere Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amresh Kumar: 
Thank you Sir. Just wanted to understand the debt trajectory of the company going forward 
because your debt is down by 85%, 90% in the last few years and now you are going to 
have a new launch cycle, so what do you think this time the debt that trajectory will be and 
how it will differ or how it will be similar to the last time. 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
A few aspects on this, one is that their debt had been very high a couple of years back and 
there has been a conscious call to bring it down quarter-on-quarter year-on-year and the 
company has achieved that extremely well in the last quarter having come down to a mere 
71, which is only 10% of the peak debt less than 10% of the peak that they had ever. The 
debt yes as the new projects would come in and there are certain plans, which in the SEZ 
and all wherein there could be a debt, which can come in but it does not appear that it will 
ever go to those levels. There is a conscious call to ensure that the equity levels are always 
below one and the way the cash flows are coming in from the existing project as well as the 
new planned one, it does not appear that the debt will go down go up to those 794 levels 
ever again. It may not be remaining at 61% and or 71% forever, but whenever there will be 
any debt which comes in along with will come the profitability of the new project. It will be 
planned in such a manner that will have a very good debt equity ratios and debt EBITDA 
level. 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Amresh Kumar: 
Right now, the real estate cycle looks good but things can go bad, so what will you change 
in case things are not as smooth as they are now. Can you elaborate what happened last 
time, so that we can understand that it will not happen again, just a little bit of clarification 
and an elaboration would help us. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Largely what happened was that the debt accumulation happened because of two major 
projects, which we launched early in 2015 where these two projects taken together was a 2 
million square feet of construction and somehow this project got impacted because of first 
is demonetization then subsequently there was a RERA implementation came and GST also 
came into the picture in the one year in-between a two-year period of time, so this two year 
period time had actually created a negative segment for sentiment for the real estate market, 
but as per our philosophy we always stick to our targeted completion date, so irrespective of 
even if there is a slower movement in the sales side during those periods, we have to borrow 
from the institution to complete our construction within that timeline itself. Because the 
high cost of construction for those two projects, the debt got accumulated, but post first 
COVID wave, we are now very much free from that inventory also and we are substantially 
now exiting from that project. Almost our debt level from that project is now zero. I think 
that was a learning from us and that period was also impacted by the government regulatory 
impact also. There are changes in the external environment, which were beyond our control 
but we achieved our mission of completing those two projects within our given timeline and 
the project did not get delayed. 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
I would like to add to that just to give you the clear answers in terms of how the future 
might look at, the way the land costs have been in the books and the way it is going to be 
monetized in the future, it does not it appear that we will ever have those situations of losses 
or having lower margins and all that. The land is the major ones in any other project site. 
All the new project which are going to be announced now for which the land is already 
acquired and sitting in the books at a cost which is very, very low and therefore the 
profitability should be ensured in the coming days and moreover right now all the work, 
which is going on in terms of the cost the way the cost structures are being built up and the 
way the selling is happening especially as you see there is a Malabar 3 and 4 you already 
have seen that and we do believe that this kind of a sales the way the projections are and the 
reports market reports say the visibility of these housing projects and all that continue to be 
robust as far as Ahmedabad and the Gujarat cycles are concerned. At least till the time we 
finish off these projects which will definitely sell the way Malabar 3 and 4 are sold, it does 
not appear that we will ever have such kind of a situation in the near future for sure. 
Amresh Kumar: 
Got it Sir thank you for this. I just wanted to put my two pens observation here. When 
things started looking good in real estate cycle then the land purchases come back and 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 11 
nobody minds them, but then it creates a problem for them forward. Every time this cycle 
repeats again and again because this land purchases… 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
Currently what we are seeing is the cycle has got a absolutely upward trend and market is 
pretty bullish because we are hardly seeing any inventory of the completed project in the 
market. The demand side is pretty higher as compared to the supply which is happening in 
the market. So far the current trend definitely it is looking good future is definitely 
unpredictable which we cannot say when… 
Amresh Kumar: 
Let me ask you a pointed question how much will you spend in land purchases over the 
next few years? 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
This is an ongoing process. There is nothing like any amount is earmarked for how much 
land is to be acquired. This land acquisition, land selling all are opportunity-based 
decisions. Largely, we accumulate land in an area which remains outside the scope of 
development at particular period. Our holding period and accumulation period ranges from 
the five to ten years. 
Amresh Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Just to add to what mirage has said last three years, three and a half years history, somebody 
says we have hardly done any land acquisition however we are continuously assessing or 
looking at proposals of land acquisition. We are active in that area but we are very selective 
as far as any new land purchases are concerned. 
Amresh Kumar: 
Got it Sir, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritu Panag from Growth Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritu Panag: 
Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to know about the strategy on commercial 
development and are we looking to develop a portfolio of rental properties? 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
We are targeted this 8 billion of the portfolios, which we will be building over next five 
years there is a sizeable portion which will be coming from the commercial side also largely 
this portion will be in our SEZ portfolio, which will command a good rental piece also. The 
bigger advantage with us in terms of SEZ is that this particular project will be in the heart of 
the city. On a competitive side also, there will be nothing who can lead us in terms of 
competition. 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Ritu Panag: 
How was the demand from IT sector, are we seeing any inquiries which are related to them? 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
With the development in the gift city happening, these sizeable numbers of companies are 
coming into gift city which are largely from the financial sectors and then their foreign 
exchange points are there and exchanges are there which are setting up their unit in gift city, 
which is creating a good boost for the other surrounding sectors and IT already the 
company has started coming we are also exploring a lot of new alliances also which can 
keep up our SEZ portfolio, so as things are under discussion still, we will be sharing those 
information at the appropriate time. 
Ritu Panag: 
My last question was about the kind of cliental we are expecting in the SEZ segment. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Largely it will be the IT or ITES players, but what kind of cliental which kind of corporate 
will be coming that will be difficult to say at this point of time. It will be too early to 
comment on both things. 
Ravi: 
I would still like to add, it is unknown frankly that there are many, many hundreds of IT 
companies in Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad and Gujarat have not been known for IT as much 
right, but little is known about so many very, very good companies already existing here 
where they all want an infrastructure, which can really be helpful to them so we also believe 
that while the new companies and the large companies will come over from outside, there 
will be a lot of consolidation happening of all these companies in the IT SEZ that we look 
at. We do see a robust growth. Yes, names are little difficult to say at this point in time but 
we do believe all this will happen because with the kind of infrastructure that is being built 
up there by Ganesh Housing, it has to attract all the players who are otherwise they are in 
small, small pockets at different places all over Ahmedabad. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Just to add to what Ravi just said, the kind of infrastructure and kind of SEZ what we are 
going to build, it will be world-class environment what we will be able to provide. Any IT 
companies, which you or which anybody kind of reckons with, they will not be hesitating in 
opening their offices in premises what we are going to offer to them. It will be a solution 
which will be a world-class solution what we trying to provide. 
Ritu Panag: 
Got it, thank you Sir thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Seema Bajaj from R Consultant. Please go 
ahead. 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Seema Bajaj: 
Thank you so much for taking up my question. I basically wanted to know your view on 
real estate industry as a whole like now the new challenges are coming up like rising 
interest rates and many other challenges are there, so I just want to know your views like 
about for next three to five years on the real estate industry. 
Rajendra Shah: 
The trend is now completely bullish. If you see post this first COVID wave, the demand is 
on the upside because significantly in Ahmedabad market if you talk about the city specific, 
the launches and the sales have doubled from the pre-COVID era to the post-COVID era 
and in terms of the absorption also is the sizeable things are increasing. Now in terms of the 
price rise all these things are happening, like we see the construction cost and something are 
getting increased but they are being absorbed by the market also, yes, recently if you could 
go through one of the top reality research firms, which published their report Ahmedabad 
market has been the most resilient market in terms of absorption of the price and among the 
top eight city in India, Ahmedabad commanded the highest price increase of around 14% on 
year-to-year basis on reality, so that itself talks about the absorption power of the market 
and the way the current trend is there. The supporting infrastructure is giving boost to the 
overall housing demand in Ahmedabad like we say if we talk about the Ahmedabad City, it 
is not only the top SME market of India but it is a major industrial and pharma hub and 
major infrastructure development is happening gift city development is happening, metro is 
coming in a big way across the city and more so two big sports enclaves are also coming up 
in Ahmedabad, for which the Ahmedabad is going to bid for the future. So that is kind of 
the plan which is happening in Ahmedabad all this supporting development will give a big 
boost to the demand side and if you compare prices in Ahmedabad to any other equivalent 
city or metro city, you will find always Gujarat being a cheaper market compared to these 
cities, so way we do not see the demand cycle will get a U-turn even in the past also the 
historical data also say whenever there is any sluggish in any of these metro cities, the 
Gujarat market especially Ahmedabad market has remained stable in terms of the sales and 
price. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Thank you so much for such elaborate answer. As a follow-up, I would just want to know 
about the luxury market in Gujarat and Ahmedabad space. Could you give some light on 
that? 
Rajendra Shah: 
In terms of the luxury market Ahmedabad is definitely is coming good way like we see 
there is a good absorption power in the luxury segment in Gujarat. The one reason is 
definitely, which I talked about earlier this being a major industrial and trade hub and the 
SME market surrounded development whichever is happening that is actually giving a good 
absorption power in the market. Second is that if you see the price wise, luxury prices in 
Gujarat will be somewhere equivalent to mid affordable prices in a metro city like Bombay, 

                                        Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 11 
so that way also the affordability is pretty better and also the holding power of the 
developers in Gujarat is far better because they release the inventory in a phase manner 
rather than releasing the entire inventory in one shot, so that also gives them a better 
margin. 
Ravi: 
Seema, that actually is a good question because it is so much is happening in that segment 
in Ahmedabad and very quietly that too. Every other day we see new luxury flats being 
announced, so now there is a concept of vertical bungalows like people do not want to 
really go into those bundles, but people are really ready to believe ready to pay for 6, 7 
Crores and beyond that also for apartment, which would never have thought about it just let 
us say three years back. Yes, you touched upon a very important aspect it is not just those 
affordable housing and the normal ones, but the luxury market also seems to be picking up 
very well in Ahmedabad. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Thank you so much that was all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to management for closing comments. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Participants, I am Rajendra Shah on behalf of Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited I thank 
you all for showing interest and participating in conference call. See you again in next 
quarter. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of GoIndia advisors that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
