 
Regd. Office: HDFC Bank Limited, HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
 
 
 
July 21, 2022 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Dept. of Corporate Services  
 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
Mumbai 400051 
Scrip Code – 500180  
 
 
Symbol – HDFCBANK 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings call hosted by HDFC Bank Limited 
(“the Bank”) with respect to the financial results of the Bank for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, has 
been made available on the Bank’s website at the link - https://www.hdfcbank.com/personal/about-
us/investor-relations/financial-results.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Santosh Haldankar 
Sr. Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: Transcript of the Bank’s Q1 FY2023 Earnings Call held on July 16, 2022 
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618 
Email: shareholder.grievances@hdfcbank.com 
Website: www.hdfcbank.com 
 
HDFC Bank Limited, 
Zenith House, 
Opp. Race Course Gate no. 5 & 6, 
Keshavrao Khadye Marg, 
Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400034 
 Tel.: 022 - 3976 0000 / 0012 
 
SANTOSH GURUDAS 
HALDANKAR
Digitally signed by SANTOSH 
GURUDAS HALDANKAR 
Date: 2022.07.21 14:10:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“HDFC Bank Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
 
MR. SRINIVASAN VAIDYANATHAN – CFO – HDFC BANK 
 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good evening and welcome to HDFC Bank Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Results presented 
by the management of HDFC Bank. As a reminder all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after a brief commentary by the management. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer, HDFC Bank. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Srinivasan V: 
Thank you Faizan, appreciate. Good evening and warm welcome to all the 
participants. We can get started with provide the context on the 
environment that we operated in the quarter, so that gives the backdrop of 
what was going on. Much of this quarter has been about inflation and price 
surges as you know. Energy and fuel have been at the center, supply 
chains have been disrupted, which created a major demand in supply gap. 
As we progress further in the year, we will keep a careful watch on the 
development. We see opportunities in the marketplace in the current 
environment supported by dynamic fiscal and monetary policy. 
 
Activity indicators released during April to June quarter indicates that 
economic activity continues to hold up well despite global risk. GST 
collections, manufacturing PMI, IIP, credit, rail freight, services PMI, etc., 
etc., show robust opportunities in the economy. The RBI raised the policy 
rate by 90 basis points in the quarter taking the repo rate to 4.9. The 
Monetary Policy Committee also voted to remain focused on withdrawal of 
accommodation in a calibrated fashion to ensure inflation remains within 
the RBI’s upper bank while supporting growth. Accordingly, we have 
responded with appropriate lending rate increases. 
 
Now let us talk about the five themes at a high level now. On the 
distribution expansion that is the first thing, we added 36 branches during 
the quarter and 250 more are in various stages of readiness to be rolled 
out. We have 15,618 business correspondences, an increase of 277 over 
prior quarter. Gold loans are now processed at just over 2000 branches as 
against 1340 branches in the prior quarter. It is well on the way to be a 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 22 
product offering in most of our branches. Payment acceptance points have 
grown to 3.2 million a year-on-year growth of 42%. Wealth management is 
now offered in 357 locations through hub and spoke model, we have 
expanded to 141 new locations in the quarter. This is in accordance with 
our plan to take this to deeper geographies in over 900 locations in the 
current financial year. In commercial and global banking, SME is now 
offered in 640 districts in our drive to expand the SME market share. 
 
Next, let us talk about a few comments on the customer franchise building. 
During the quarter, we added 10900 plus people and 29,000 people over 
the past 12 months. Our people have acquired 2.6 million new liability 
relationships in the quarter, exhibiting a phenomenal growth of 59% over 
the same time last year and 10% over prior quarter. We have also acquired 
1.9 lakh MSE accounts in the quarter. On cards, we have issued 1.2 million 
new cards during the quarter highest ever with a 47% growth over prior 
quarter. Total card base now stands at 17.6 million. 
 
Moving on to next, our focus on the granular deposit. Deposits at 
16,04,000 Crores increased by approximately 46000 Crores in the quarter 
as against an addition of approximately 11000 Crores in last year June 
quarter. Deposits reflected a year-on-year growth of 19.2%. Retail deposits 
increased by approximately 50,000 Crores in the quarter up 19% year-on-
year and 3.9% sequentially. CASA deposits recorded a strong growth of 
20% year-on-year ending the quarter at 7,34,000 Crores with a CASA ratio 
at 45.8%. Term deposit grew by 18.5% year-on-year ending the quarter at 
8,70,000 Crores. 
 
Next moving on to advances. Total advances were 13,95,000 Crores 
growth of sell downs we grew 22.5% year on year. Our retail advances 
growth continued during the quarter as well. Retail advances grew 21.7% 
year-on-year and 4.9% quarter-on-quarter. Excluding auto and also two-
wheeler loans, which face supply chain disruptions during the quarter, the 
year-on-year retail growth excluding these two were 25%. Card spends 
have grown by 24% over prior quarter. Payment business advances, 
payment business loans have grown 27% over prior year and 4.4% over 
prior quarter. The bank has a market share of 22.4% in cards, 48.9% in 
card receivables, 27.7% in card spends and 47% in merchant acquiring 
volumes. 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Commercial and rural banking, which drives our MSME and PSL book 
continued its momentum with a year-on-year growth of 28.9%. In the 
wholesale segment with the rate dislocation, we let go assets aggregating 
to 40,000 to 50,000 Crores. Despite that, the book grew 15.7% year-on-
year and lastly on technology and digital. As promised, the bank 
commenced digital launches to enable smooth customer experience. 
MyCards, which is a micro services architecture that is stateless and 
deployed on cloud making it highly scalable. This has emerged as a 
preferred service tool for our customers, it has simplified login and self-
service features. We now have over 2 million registered card users, a 
growth of 1 million over prior quarter. We had 33 million customer service 
addressed digitally during the quarter on this platform. This micro services 
architecture design principle de-risks and removes clutter on our digital 
platform and enhance customer service. Xpress auto loans is an end-to-
end digital service, which enables instant and hassle-free car loan 
disbursals for existing and new bank customers. 60% of our loan 
decisioning through this service are processed in less than five minutes 
with the disbursals taking less than 30 minutes. Within a month of launch, 
Xpress auto loans volumes have already reached more than 5% of our 
new car loan volume. HDFC Bank One our customer experience hub has 
been launched recently on multiple channels, email, social care, SMS, and 
WhatsApp and enhances our customer relationship management using 
AIML and conversational BOT  enabling round-the-clock self-service 
capabilities with human interaction. We are continuously adding features to 
our SmartHub Vyapar app   and see a significant increase in its adoption 
across our customer base. We now have more than 1.15 million customers 
since its launch on-boarded on this platform. In Q2 that is the current 
running quarter July to September we are poised to launch further digital 
initiatives such as PayZapp 2.0, customer on-boarding journeys across 
more products such as FDPL, Balance Transfer EMI, etc., implementing 
customer experience hub across additional service and sales channels 
such as phone banking and tele sales. For enhanced customer service and 
relationship management, we continue to work on developing applications 
for Q3 implementation for instance Payzapp revamping net banking, 
revamping corporate net banking, and launch of new mobile banking app 
in Q4. In Q1, we received a total of 231 million visits on our website 
averaging 28 plus million unique customers per month, which is a year-on-

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 22 
year growth of about 20%. Business growth continued to gain momentum 
across diverse products and segments driven through relationship 
management and enhanced digital offering. Balance sheet remains 
resilient, average LCR for the quarter was at 108% and was at 120% as of 
June quarter. Capital adequacy ratio is at 18.1% with CET1 at 16.5% 
including profits for the current quarter. 
 
Let us start with net revenues. Core net revenues were at Rs.27181 Crores 
excluding trading and mark-to-market losses, which grew by 19.8% over 
prior year and 2.4% over prior quarter driven by advances growth of 
22.5%, deposit growth of 19.2% and total balance sheet growth of 20.3%. 
Net interest income for the quarter at Rs. 19,481 Crores grew by 14.5% 
over prior year and 3.2% over prior quarter. The core net interest margin 
was at 4.0.  Based on interest earning assets, the net interest margin was 
at 4.2%. 
 
Moving on to details of other income. First fees and commission income 
was at Rs.5360 Crores and grew by 38% over prior year and were lower 
4.8% over prior quarter as a seasonally strong fourth quarter. Retail 
constitutes approximately 92% of fees. The fixed and derivatives income at 
Rs.1259 Crores was higher by 5% compared to prior year. Trading and 
mark-to-market losses were 1312 Crores primarily owing to spike in 
benchmark bond yields witnessed during the quarter. The mark-to-market 
losses come from our AFS, HFC and Government of India securities, 
corporate bonds, and pass-through certificates. Prior quarter was a 
negative 40% and prior year was a gain of 600 Crores. Other 
miscellaneous income of 1080 Crores includes recoveries from written of 
accounts and dividends from subsidiaries excluding trading on mark-to-
market losses total other income at 7700 Crores grew by 35% over prior 
year. 
 
Operating expenses for the quarter were at 10502 Crores, an increase of 
28.7% over prior year due to a low base of prior year COVID wave two 
impacted quarter and increased by 3.4% over prior quarter. We added 725 
branches and 2329 ATMs since last year taking the total network strength 
to 6378 branches, 18620 ATMs and 15294 business correspondence 
managed by common service centers. Core cost to income ratio for the 
quarter excluding trading and mark-to-market losses was at 38.6%. 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Moving on to PPOP, our earnings trajectory improved with continued retail 
growth our core PPOP grew 14.7% year-on-year and 1.7% sequentially. 
Our pre-provision operating profit was at 15368. Coming to asset quality, 
the GNPA ratio was at 1.2% as compared to 1.4% prior year. Out of the 
1.28%, about 18 basis points of standard thus the core GNPA ratio is 1.1. 
However, these are included by us in NPA as one of the other facilities of 
the borrower as a NPA, but we will talk about 1.28 we will have to anchor 
with that. As you have seen in the past several years, agricultural segment 
has a seasonal impact in June and December cycle. GNPA ratio excluding 
NPAs in agriculture segment and a one off was at 1.03%; prior year was at 
1.26% and prior quarter was at 1.01%. Net NPA ratio was at 0.35% prior 
year was at 0.48% and proceeding quarter was at 0.32%. The slippage 
ratio for the current quarter is at 0.5%, which is 7200 Crores excluding the 
seasonal agri and one-off slippage, the slippage in the current quarter was 
approximately 38 basis points call it 0.4%. During the quarter recoveries 
and upgrades were approximately 3000 Crores of 22 basis points. Write-
offs in the quarter were 2400 Crores are approximately 17 basis points. 
There were no sales of stressed or written-off accounts in the quarter. 
 
The check bounce  rates across the products in June continues to remain 
lower than the pre-COVID levels for almost all of the retail products. The 
restructuring under the RBI resolution framework for COVID-19 as of June 
end stands at 76 basis points 10750 Crores. In addition, certain facilities of 
the same borrower which are not restructured is approximately 13 basis 
points are 1850 Crores that totals to 89 basis points. Provisions reported 
were around 3200 Crores as against 4800 Crores for the prior year and 
3300 Crores during the prior quarter. The provision coverage ratio was at 
73%, there were no technical write-offs, our head office and branch books 
are fully integrated. At the end of current quarter, contingent provisions and 
floating provisions remained close to prior quarter at 11,100 Crores, 
general provisions were 6500 Crores. Total provisions comprising specific 
floating, contingent and general provisions were about 170% of gross non-
performing loans. This is in addition to the securities held as collateral in 
several of the cases. Floating contingent in general provisions were about 
1.25% of gross advances as of June quarter end. 
 
Now coming to credit cost ratios, the total annualized credit cost for the 
quarter was at 91 basis points prior year was at 167 basis points, prior 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 22 
quarter was at 96 basis points. Recoveries which are recorded as 
miscellaneous income amounts to 23 basis points of gross advances for 
the quarter as against 14 basis points in prior year and 26 basis points for 
prior quarter. Total credit cost ratio net of recoveries was at 68 basis points 
compared to 1.53% in prior year and 70 basis points in prior quarter. The 
reported PBT at 12180 Crores grew by 18% over prior year. Net profit after 
tax for the quarter at Rs.9196 Crores after factoring in the trading and 
mark-to-market losses of 1312 Crores in the quarter grew by 19% over 
prior year. That is after taking the charge for 1112 Crores grew by 19%. 
 
Now some highlights on HDBFS on an Ind-AS basis. HDBFS opened 29 
branches in the quarter taking it to 1403 branches spread across more 
than 1000 cities, 1008 cities and towns. Branch addition continues to 
supplement the digital investments. Customer base grew to 9.8 million with 
7.7% additions during the quarter and an increase of 35% over prior year. 
The uptick in disbursements in March quarter was sustained in the quarter 
ended June 2022 at 9000 Crores though disbursements in Q1 are 
traditionally lower as compared to March quarter. This disbursements 
reflect a growth of 130% year-on-year. The total loan book as on June end 
stood at 61814 Crores, secured loans comprising 76% of the total loan 
book. Net revenue for the quarter ended June 30, was at Rs.2194 Crores a 
growth of 13% over prior year and 2.4% sequentially. Cost to net income 
for the lending business was at 37%. Provisions and contingencies for the 
quarter were at 398 Crores as against 422 Crores for prior quarter and 870 
Crores for quarter ended last year same time. Stage 3 as of June end 
stood at 4.95% after factoring in 1.18% impact of new RBI guidelines 
issued in November reflecting sustained healthy collections. The PCR 
secured and unsecured book stood at 48% and 92% respectively. Profit 
after tax for the quarter ended June was 441 Crores as against 89 Crores 
for last year same period. Earnings per share was Rs.5.58 and book value 
per share was at 125. The company remains well capitalized with a capital 
adequacy ratio of 20% and well positioned to sustain improvement in 
disbursements across segments. HSL, HDFC Securities Limited has a 
wide network of 216 branches across 147 cities and towns in the country. 
HSL has increased its overall client base to 3.99 million customers as of 
June end, an increase of 41% over prior year. The total reported revenue 
for the quarter was at 432 Crores as against 456 Crores in prior year. Net 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 22 
profit after tax was at 189 Crores against 251 Crores of prior year. 
Earnings per share in the quarter was 119.5 and book value per share was 
at 1061. In summary, over 152000 employees across the bank dedicated 
their tireless service to focus for customer engagement, product delivery 
and service providing highest standards of banking experience, which 
results in the quarter’s number of advances growth of 22%, deposits 
growth of 19%, core operating profit excluding the bond losses of 14.7%, 
delivering a consistent profit after tax growth of 19% after factoring in the 
bond losses of 7312 that I alluded to earlier. 
 
Again from a return on asset point of view 1.8% excluding the impact of the 
trading and mark-to-market it is slightly over 2% with an ROE of 17%. 
Earnings per share reported in the quarter is at Rs.16.6 book value per 
share increased in the quarter to 450.6. 
 
With that can I request Faizan to open up the line for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Hello Sir, my first question is on your CRB loans of course the Q-o-Q 
growth excluding agri has been good at 4% however we have been talking 
about doubling the booking in three years. So that would probably require 
a higher run rate of growth. So how do you see the outlook panning out for 
growth in CRB and also if you could throw some color on you said that you 
probably gave up some corporate loan growth in the commentary. So what 
was that about, that is my first question then I have two more. 
Srinivasan V: 
First let us talk about the CRB loans that you talked about. This year the 
loans had a robust growth of about 28%, 29% year-on-year in the quarter 
and we do have aggressive plans across various segments in CRB both on 
the MSME side as well as well as on the agri side on both sides where we 
have a significant growth. This growth I think we talked about it maybe a 
month ago in another forum that growth is predicated on one geographic 
expansion, we want to be present in more districts in the country to be able 
to capture the supply chain and the distribution chain flows. That is part of 
what we are trying to do to be present everywhere so that we capture all of 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 22 
the chain, distribution chain, supply chain not just a part of it that we work 
with various other wholesale clients we are able to capture in wholesome 
not part. So that is part of what we are doing. The second aspect of that is 
also in terms of agri again its distribution expansion moving from about 1 
lakh villages that we do today as a step we want to go through close to 2 
lakh villages that is again part of how we want to operate and get to. There 
are enough opportunities we see that they are good and that can come 
only by where we put our salespeople, we put our relationship people in 
the local place where the customer is, that is part of the distribution. The 
second thing is the relationship management, which is in-addition to having 
a physical, we also want to have our relationship now because most of the 
CRB is about relationship management and we are expanding more, 
adding more people into that, so that we could get the right kind of a 
relationship to have that both from acquiring customers as well as broad 
basing the products that we could deliver to them, yes we are confident 
that segment is poised for growth and again we are not talking about it in 
an isolation, this is going to ride on the country’s macro growth that means 
we need the tailwind of the country growth also to be going up and with the 
MSME being almost a third of the GDP participation that is where we tend 
to we are focused on doing that and from a market penetration point of 
view again I think we told you how that growth is going to come from last 
time somewhere we talked which is we have only about 20% to 25% 
penetrated in the banking system itself. So the rest of them are outside of 
the banking system, they need to move in here and this is part of our both 
physical as well as the RM expansion strategy is to capture them and bring 
them into the banking system. On the wholesale loans bit something which 
I did not get what was the question on the wholesale. 
Mahrukh Adajania: No you said that 40 to 50 is or maybe I heard it wrong you said 40000 to 
50000 Crores was given up because of competitive rates or something like 
that. 
Srinivasan V: 
Good point, yes, I did mentioned that and I specifically mentioned that I 
know that you will pick it up and ask, which is see there was a rate 
dislocation in the quarter sometime around starting May the rate started to 
move up there was a rate dislocation immediately after our bank and so 
also others started to move up on the rates and we did that and as we 
move up on the rate, there were some customers who were offered lower 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 22 
rates by certain other market participants and we do not want to cut back 
on our rates to keep them. We said that is fine because we do have a 
relationship, we do continue to have relationship with those customers with 
40000, 50000 payment and that we continue to have except that we did 
not endeavor by price to keep increasing those shares. So we said that is 
fine to let go, let somebody else can take it at a lower price than where we 
do and that is what I alluded to. 
Mahrukh Adajania: And Sir was that PSU banks or private bank. 
Srinivasan V: 
It is broadly across everywhere so like not going to the details, but it is 
across the banks. 
Mahrukh Adajania: And can you please quantify the slippage figure as in the absolute amount 
if you can. 
Srinivasan V: 
I think I gave the 7200 or something I did mentioned that is the 50 basis 
points or 0.5%. 
Mahrukh Adajania: And how much of that would be from restructured. 
Srinivasan V: 
I did not give that, but I think I alluded to that the slippage amount has got it 
agri and at wholesale one off which contributed almost to little more than 
10 basis points so net of that it was 0.4 of 38 basis points I alluded to, the 
some of them not the agri piece but the other piece is the part of the 
restructuring.  
Mahrukh Adajania: Sir and my last question is on this merger dispensation. So we did see a 
press release on RBI approving the merger and it said terms and 
conditions. So were there any dispensations and if not when would one 
hear about dispensations applied for and also any clarity on HDFC Life 
stake. 
Srinivasan V: 
Two things last one is about the conditions of the dispensation. The no 
objection from RBI is on our application and that the conditions I think we 
mentioned somewhere these conditions are for example I will give you 
some nature of some of those things how you can think about, when the 
merger happens the banking regulation shall apply across all the portfolios 
and all the business lines. So that is part of both that the kind of giving you 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 22 
flavor of some of those conditions that is one and there are some entities 
that will merge and the licenses of those entities that will merge have to be 
surrendered  and then intimated to RBI. So that kind of those are some 
examples and then when we apply and get approvals from various other 
authorities we need to take those approvals to get back to the regulator 
with those approvals and when we go to shareholders whatever is the 
shareholder resolution and the approvals we get it back to the regulator. 
So you can see that these are, I will give you some flavor of how to think 
about this condition, but you alluded to what about the dispensation or the 
glide part of the portfolio and so that is not what it is, that is something 
separate and that is handled as an item different from the application per 
se and we continue to work with the regulators on that aspect. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Got it Sir. My last question is on EBLR repricing, so basically your reset for 
retail and corporate loans will be what three months, one month. 
Srinivasan V: 
Three months or six months, mostly I think it is three months. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Got it Sir, that was very, very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Shah: 
Hi! Sir, congratulations for a good quarter. My first question is on the MTM 
loss. Can you share some color on AFS mix modified duration and under 
what circumstances one can use the IFR. 
Srinivasan V: 
Thank you for bringing this up. See the AFS book broadly you can think 
about this at three components, broadly three components. One is the 
corporate bonds; the other is the participation certificate primarily in priority 
sector lending participation certificates and the third one is the Government 
of India’s security. These are the three broad components which are there. 
Most of these the other aspect that you asked about is the modified 
duration and how you think about it. See about for two years you can think 
about it is the tenure of the duration and that is the time it takes to pull this 
too far. So from that sense we expected in a couple of years we drift back 
over this time period. The other aspects of the investment fluctuation 
reserve and what it means to these things. The investment fluctuation 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 22 
reserves an appropriation of profit to set some results up and we have 
investment fluctuation reserves which are slightly more than 2% and at the 
discretion of the bank at some point in time we can utilize this, but we have 
not chosen to utilize investment fluctuation reserves and because it is 
slightly more than 2% it has to be I think regulatory 2% so there is no point 
getting in and given that this pulls back to par in a couple of years’ time 
and we are quite not comfortable to pull down the reserves and use it right 
now. 
Hardik Shah: 
Got it thank you Sir. My second question is on the growth side. Growth on 
retail has been impressive, so what are your thoughts on its sustainability 
given the inflation concerns that you alluded to at the start of the call. 
Srinivasan V: 
Again another good point thank you. See the retail growth ever since we 
came back with a credit policy getting back to pre-COVID level. If you see 
over a period of two, three quarters having been quite good, the December 
quarter was close to 4.5, 5, the March quarter was close to 5 similar rate 
and the June quarter is 5% sequential. So year-on-year it is now cross the 
20% mark the year-on-year because of the base, because we kept going 
down and now we are starting to build up sequential momentum is there. 
Within the retail book if you look at the one that I called out for the vehicle 
segment has been hampered by various supply chain issues. Despite that 
it did grow well, we did have quite a good growth, but then if you put that to 
the side and give more time for that to grow the retail excluding that vehicle 
segment grew by almost 25% year-on-year so it is again a solid growth. 
Then the other aspect of how to think about the environment and the 
growth, we do see good amount of demand across most of the products 
from unsecured product to secured product to mortgage product to home 
loans and across everywhere we do see that including the gold loan and 
so on. I think we have published that list of various products and the 
growth rate, so you can see that it is balanced across. Card loans, let us 
talk about credit cards the last time they want to mention. The card loans 
will have a very good spend into the 4% or so sequential spend increase 
again discretionary if you look at the discretionary spends has gone up 
even more and most this growth in the car spend is driven lot of  by 
discretion and it is discretion of course you can take it as also seasonal in 
the summer months or holidays months a lot of travel, entertainment, 
hotels and so on and so forth they are all coming back to life and you are 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 22 
seeing pick up, huge pick up on that. The second aspect of the spend is 
that is the spend translating into loans and which to some extent it is, but to 
a large extent it still needs to come more it is still not fully there from a loan 
growth point of view it will take some more time I think over five years what 
the prior quarter sequential is 4.4% is the sequential growth rate in 
payment terms. For it to pick up and go further, we will have to wait for our 
people to utilize their credit lines fully still the credit line utilization on cards 
is that I call it at 70% to 80% of the pre-COVID level. So a lot of credit lines 
utilization still left to go, and the liquidity in the hands of the customers is 
also there, these customers from a relationship point of view about five 
times our customers have for the 80000 Crores of payment business 
balances that we have five times that we have liabilities from the similar 
customer segments. So we do see that people have good amount of 
money and line utilization to happen. So we expect that with the pickup for 
that is taking place right now we need to give some more time for that to do 
and similarly on the revolve rates you do not, but I am sure another person 
would be thinking about asking so I would allude the same thing. Their 
revolve rate pickup also has not happened yet, first spend their needs to 
happen which is happening now, two, three quarters we are seeing spend 
happening, spend translating into loans slightly picking up sequential 4.4 
picking up then the next thing is that the line utilization happens and then 
comes the revolving to come with that. So we are a few quarters away to 
get there. 
Hardik Shah: 
Got it as a follow-up to that what are your thoughts on the sustainable 
revolve rate going forward in the industry. 
Srinivasan V: 
See as the economy starts to pick up and people spend which you are 
beginning to see discretionary spends you are seeing is happening once 
the discretionary spends happen you will see that the people will get back 
to the previous. See over a period of two years both either in our bank or in 
some other bank people who were call it for lack of some other chronic 
revolvers that means habitually revolving for more than six months, nine 
months out of the 12 months have come down because either they are 
having a bad score in the bureau or they are having a bad score with us 
and we have utilize their limits so we are not entitled on the limits are not 
given because we want to be cautious. So we need to wait for the things to 
come back and then they will start to spend and the revolve, we are quite 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 22 
confident that the customer base that we have and the type of spend that 
they do we will get back to what we have seen in pre-COVID from the 
spend habits and revolve kind of attitude on that. 
Hardik Shah: 
Got it. Last question on deposit rates, you have been taking the rates 
higher. So how should we think about this in the next few quarters as how 
much hike the bank would consider taking and how is the competitive 
intensity increasing on that front. 
Srinivasan V: 
The pricing which we are talking about more the time deposit pricing 
because the other cards of course nothing and the savings account is 
being stable. The time deposit we have slightly only increased over the last 
month to two months and I have taken it up all the way what has happened 
and the way we think about the pricing is there are two elements to it. One, 
customers, we are able to get to the right kind of a customer to have the 
deposits and what is the price sensitivity of the customer to get those 
volumes. So that is always a kind of what we do engaging with our frontline 
who in turn engages with the customer, but we get that intelligence and 
discussion in ALCO to say how we are able to get those volumes at kind of 
a price point that we can get and the second aspect of our determination of 
the price is also competitively pricing like competitively pricing means 
looking at certain other banks to see that we are relevant in the market and 
we do not want to be price leaders by pricing up anything, but at the same 
time we have to be competitive within certain range that is how these are a 
couple of considerations we do and we discuss within the ALCO as a team 
and decide how we want to pitch ourselves to the customer. 
Hardik Shah: 
Got it. Thank you for your time Sir and congratulations again for a good 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Hi! Srini and team, thanks for taking the question. Firstly again just coming 
on with respect to the RBI’s approval, so any indication with respect to 
HDB Financial, so when we look at it in terms of the scheme of 
arrangement it says it has approved so would be hear further with respect 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 22 
to HDB and HDFC Life or it is more or less there within the arrangements 
scheme. 
Srinivasan V: 
Good, thank you the other question I did not address. First the RBI 
approval is no objection to The Scheme of Amalgamation that has been 
filed. The Scheme of Amalgamation does not have a role for HDB there. 
HDB is a subsidiary, existing subsidiary of the bank and continues to be 
there and so the scheme of amalgamation does not have anything to do 
with HDB and so that is, if anything we need to do, the separate 
conversation is the separate process and so on. So it is not combined with 
this scheme, we find the scheme and the scheme does not have anything 
to do with HDB. HDFC Life is currently a subsidiary of HDFC Limited and it 
is envisaged that a merger that it will be a subsidiary of the bank. There 
are two things in this, one as RBI regulation a bank holding life insurance 
has to be 30% or below or 50% or above currently HDFC Life holding is 
about 47.8% or so that is a 2% plus percentage point increase that is 
required and that is part of another kind of a regulatory approval that we 
have sought that we can go to 50% plus and whatever the regulator finally 
tells us we will have to comply with that. So that is part of what we are 
waiting for, it is a continuous dialogue that happens to see how we can get 
to more than 50% either we get or HDFC Limited will get to 50% plus 
before consummation of the merger transaction. So that is on HDFC Life. 
Kunal Shah: 
But there are no timelines in terms of where can we expect, so the process 
is still on the communication is still on. 
Srinivasan V: 
That is correct. 
Kunal Shah: 
And secondly in terms of the overall PSL or maybe as we look at in terms 
of the build up towards the merger, so couple of points, one is in terms of 
the branch expansion we have been highlighting that 1500, 2000 odd 
branches could be added maybe the Q1 was not maybe we had not seen 
that much of a branch addition. So when do we expect is it post like 
consummation of the merger do we see that run rate or we will start 
preparing for it from this fiscal and it will be more back ended and second 
related question is on the PSL build up. So should we say that whatever 
PSL certificates were bought in, in FY2022 and RIDF investments which 
have gone up from 9000 to 45000 Crores that was maybe with respect to 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 22 
the earlier requirement and we will start building up further to meet up with 
the HDFC Limited’s merger how should one see that. 
Srinivasan V: 
Thank you again for that branch build up what you asked about. Yes, this 
quarter the branch build up was lower 36 or so, but we have about 250 
branches in various stages of getting to be implemented. We are not going 
to wait for anything the branch build up is an organic process irrespective 
of any kind of an outcomes branch buildup is the right thing to do for the 
bank from a growth point of view that is where we are embarked on and we 
see opportunity. Branches that I think we talked about it again in the past 
branch has got two aspects to it, one you have a branch which develops 
the brand in the vicinity of where the branch is and draws in customers 
through brand attraction. The second thing is the branch is the 
congregation of our sales force, if we do not have branch you are going to 
have a sales office, you can call it that we would open x thousands of sales 
office. So we rather open x thousands of sales because the kind of a travel 
that sales relationship managers need to do in their outreach to meet a 
customer or a prospective customer we want to keep it to 1 to 2 kilometers 
rather than to 4, 5 or 6 kilometers it gets in better productivity and gets in 
better influence to consummate that transaction right. That is part of what 
we have envisage everything. So the branch buildup will happen it is not 
waiting for anything, it is a question of a process to get that implemented, it 
is in progress to happen. So even in this financial year you will see some 
substantial branch accretion that happens. The second aspect that you 
touched upon is the PSL, and you touched upon the RIDF on PSL. See 
PSL there are several strategies to grow here, organic buildup of loans 
PSL eligible loans is the best method to do because it gives fantastic 
returns, it gives great returns going through our credit filters because we 
tried and tested credit filters it gives you the best returns that you can and 
the returns far more than the average of the bank. So we are quite 
enthused to do PSL organically to the extent it comes through our credit 
list. In the past year and two years when we have had muted retail to some 
extent the PSL component is also lower because we did not get the retail 
as much, but as we are now opening up more retail and going you see that 
the PSL comes back organically still it is only one of the components 
because we do not leave other components on the table we want all of 
them for example organic is one where I think we have said that it is little 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 22 
more than call it in 30% to 35% or a little more than two-thirds to 70%-75% 
we get through organic and then there are other tools that we always use 
and we want to continue to use them one is the PSL certificates we get 
that too. the other one is the RIDF is also something where there is always 
a trade-off that is done what is the organic that you can build within your 
credit filters and if you go outside of your credit filters what sort of credit 
cost are you going to end up and so thereby what returns, what is the cost 
of the PSLC, what is the cost of RIDF and so this is always an equation 
that happens almost in a quarter few times that you balance this to see 
where is the breakeven and which is the right way to go about. So that is 
how decisions are done and when we did not do retail we have done more 
of the other things that will happen and then we do more of retail there will 
be more of organic that comes up. So that is how we think about the PSL. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure so PSLC what we bought 100000 Crore maybe with HDFC it is that 
there is a scope for this to go up substantially from here on because 80000 
has already gone up to 1 lakh last year and maybe with this requirement I 
think there will be more and more maybe purchase of PSLC which could 
happen. 
Srinivasan V: 
See purchase again as I told you these are the three, four elements that 
happens right PSLC, RIDF, organic PSL growth and we do participation 
certificates so that the several components are happening and we have to 
balance the cost towards the returns that each one gives. So there is no 
one particular target if you ask me do you know whether this 1 lakh Crores 
is going to go to x or y there is no predetermined formula that we operate, 
the formula is which gives you the best return what is the break even on 
indifference point between various instruments that is what drives the 
decision and that is as you know is a dynamic decision because the price 
in the market is dynamic, is not a fixed price and so that is how that is 
determined periodically and then the outcomes is what you are seeing. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Adarsh: 
So just on the cost side any sense, it clearly is you are an investment 
mode in branches and employees. So any path towards cost to income 
over the next couple of years. 
Srinivasan V: 
Good, thank you for asking, but one thing normally resist from giving 
forward guidance on many things. But let me talk through so you will get an 
idea of what previously we have talked and our thought process so you will 
factor that. One from a top line point of view the growth is picking up, you 
have seen that over a period of time that the top line growth, the top line 
means I meant the volume growth was anyway there, but the mix is also 
we will see like this quarter and similarly last quarter the mix is also 
changing to get that the top line revenue interest income, our interest 
income growth component also moving up you are seeing that come up, 
that gives you a little more kind of a confidence and an opportunity to make 
the right kind of investments that you want because we want to feed that 
from a growth point of view that is one from a balancing point of view. The 
second thing is in terms of the credit situation. So we have come after a 
pandemic credit kind of a scenario as the credit gets benign which is 
already you are seeing some benign credit environment and when I say 
credit benign means I meant from credit cost that is benign. We have that 
is part of what you have seen is mix of investments, making investments in 
people when the credit costs have been below what we have seen 
historically what we have seen before the COVID we have taken the 
opportunity to make those investments in expenses both people, 
technology as well as on branches. So these are the two considerations 
we have always given how to make those investments for the future by 
using the credit benign conditions and how to make an opportunity of the 
top line growth so that you can balance the expenses. Now coming to the 
last aspect which is the crux of what you are saying what is the cost to 
income on how we should think about. If you go back to the pre-COVID our 
cost to income has been 39.6 the full year before the COVID 39.6. You can 
call it 39 and call it 40. We have always said that as the retail picks up, 
retail is an upfront cost and the top line comes with the lag and comes over 
a two, three year period so you put the cost in and it comes over two, three 
years period, that is the nature of that retail once you want to grow retail 
that is the way it happens and you are seeing that pick up and we have 
said that through the COVID period even when we wanted to spend we did 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 22 
not have the opportunity to spend and we have been saying that we have 
been waiting for that opportunity to spend to get that retail back up and 
now that is chugging along and so the cost to income on an overall basis 
call it 40 or so which is the pre-COVID quarter-to-quarter variations will 
happen and if you ask Sashi, I think he has told in the past in certain other 
meetings that quarter-to-quarter variations can happen because it is a 
question of the timing, but over a period of a year or two years if you see 
you can touch 40 but over a medium-term three to five years this is 
something as a forward guidance normally which we do not do but from a 
cost to income what we see as an opportunity we said it will get to the mid 
30s and which is what we said pre-COVID but COVID has put halt to that 
changing the composition of the product mix as well as our spend mix and 
as we get back to normalization and execute we should get back to that 
kind of a trajectory over time. 
Adarsh: 
On asset quality ex agri’s, safe to say that things are trended absolutely in 
the right direction. 
Srinivasan V: 
Yes. 
Adarsh: 
So what is the risk there given credit cost to income as of now it looks like 
it is most of the segments and what is foreseeable in future 
Srinivasan V: 
You talk about the credit right you talk about the NPA. 
Adarsh: 
No. 
Srinivasan V: 
Ex of agri it has been quite good if you see at an aggregate level and that it 
has got a component of the business as usual which is extremely benign 
because it is originated with a very tight credit conditions and it has also 
got a component of the restructuring some of them that to whom we are 
given the opportunity to redeem themselves to come back to normal life 
and some of them have taken that opportunity on the restructuring and 
used it to come back to normal life some of them who still struggle get into 
NPA, but on a combined basis you are seeing that it continues to get 
benign and better another one, two quarters you should see it is even more 
benign. 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Adarsh: 
This is useful and that is it from my side. Thanks for answering my 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Murarka: Hi! Good evening Srini and team and congratulations for the quarter. I 
have two questions, one on NIM and one on Opex. On NIM the repo hike 
that happened in May, June when does it fully translate into yields would it 
be by the end of August or September and also if you can share the  EBLR 
repo, non-repo and fixed and floating breakup for the loan book that would 
be useful. 
Srinivasan V: 
First on the NIM the repricing starts, it started in May and there is a cycle, 
there is at least a three-month cycle and some of them are a six-month 
cycle in terms of what happens. So that is on the NIM and so it is not just 
that, it has also got to do with the deposit cost. So just the repricing on the 
repo or receivable, it also happens in the cost of funds, but then we do 
expect that the tailwind of the rates going up and if you think about the 
second aspect on the NIM that you asked in terms of the fixed and the 
variable about 45% of the book is fixed and the 55% is floating rate and 
some of them out of the 55%, 48% which is 27%, 28% of the total book is 
repo and a quarter 13%, 14% of the total  bank  book is achievable. So that 
is the kind from a mixed point of view, pricing point of view you can think 
that is how it moves on. 
Abhishek Murarka: So just extending that for the NIM outlook of course you know that there 
would be a certain amount of uptake in term deposit rates as well. So just 
generally would we still expect a retail and CRB proportions to rise in the 
loan mix and the expansion that you see in the yields sort of outpacing the 
TD uptick. So do we expect these two things to continue for the next three 
to four quarters. 
Srinivasan V: 
From a NIM point of view it is also rightfully you are focused on the mix 
because that is what makes it right because individually things can go if the 
mix do not come it takes a little more longer time. The mix as we speak 
now is still at 45-55, although the retail grew at 5% and the corporate was 
zero and the CRB was 2.7% sequentially. The mix is more or less the 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 22 
same, one quarter does not take it, it takes a few quarters for the mix and 
last quarter we put out the chart in terms of how long it took for the mix to 
come retail 55% how long it took for that retail to come to 45% and there is 
the chart year-by-year it shows how long it took. So while on the way up it 
could be faster because the rate of growth on the retail and the demand in 
the micro environment we see on the retail is higher so it could be faster, 
but yes both the inherent demand we see in CRB and in retail is quite good 
and high and one other thing I want to be cautious and tell you to just 
because we think we see good demand if there is a great demand in 
wholesale we are not going to turn down the wholesale loan just because 
that the NIM has to come up, at the end of the day what matters in terms of 
this decision is does it give good returns at the end of the day ROA, ROE 
does it provide the right kind of return if it does it goes through, but from an 
inherent demand point because I did mention this because March the 
same conversation happened and we saw the wholesales come in with a 
greater vigor for a growth in March quarter and when it came I was not 
able to go back and say by the way we talked about retail and CRB having 
a faster growth rate inherent growth rate but the wholesale has come to 
decline wholesale, so we said we should go with the whatever is the 
demand which is there we like the customer, we like the credit right pricing 
gives you the return should go and so that is the kind of a decision making 
that happens but inherently retail and CRB are having a good amount of 
demand. 
Abhishek Murarka: Got it, thank you and the other question is on Opex. So can you share 
some sort of targets on how much you want to hire for the rest of the year 
and also what is your tech spend this quarter as a percentage of overall 
Opex where is that trending. 
Srinivasan V: 
Two things, one in terms of the hiring there is no predetermined that hiring 
depends on the productivity we measure all products, all geographies, 
branches, non-branches, customer segments, in terms of the productivity, 
which means the RM on the sales force give to the customer or to the 
sales unit. So it depends on the productivity that comes and continuously 
we drive the productivity up. So we have a model best-in-class model and 
we have a best tool and we periodically look at who and where it is sub-
optimal and we drive the productivity. So that is part of how we do and the 
people addition we do as necessary to meet those opportunities when the 

 
 
 
July 16, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 22 
productivity is saturated we do need to add to get the more volume. So we 
are not shy of adding because it brings in better volumes and better 
relationships then your other aspect in terms of the technology, yes, I think 
in the past we have said the technology spend to total expenses 8%, 9% or 
so that is stable over a longer period of time that is the kind of range in 
which it operates. For quarter-to-quarter it can move around, but broadly 
that is where it is. 
Abhishek Murarka: So it would be in that 8% to 9% range this quarter as well. 
Srinivasan V: 
Yes, quarter-to-quarter it can be different but broadly that is where it goes. 
Abhishek Murarka: Okay got it Srini thank you that was useful and all the best for the following 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this would be the last question for the 
day given the time I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Vaidyanathan for closing comments. 
Srinivasan V: 
Thank you Faizan and thank you to all the participants who dialed in today. 
If you still have more questions or need any clarifications feel free to get in 
touch with the investor relations team, we will be happy to engage. Thank 
you with that we will sign off for today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HDFC Bank Limited that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
