                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
July 19, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Onward Technologies Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Anuj Sonpal, Chief Executive Officer of Valorem Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you.  
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Onward Technologies Limited. On behalf of company I would 
like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings call for the 
first quarter of financial year 2023. Before we begin, a quick cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings conference 
call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to 
differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well assumptions made by and information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's conference call is purely to 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business 
and financial quarter under review 
  
Now I would like to introduce you to the management participating with 
us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
We have with us firstly Mr. Jigar Mehta, Managing Director, and we also 
have Mr. Devanand Ramandasani, Chief Financial Officer. Without any 
further delay, I request Mr. Jigar Mehta to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you Anuj and good afternoon everybody. It's a pleasure to welcome 
you all on the earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2023. I 
hope you're all keeping well and safe. I want to take this opportunity to 
congratulate my entire team for delivering robust Q1 performance, driving 
the highest quarterly revenue of Rs 93.7 crores with our highest ever year 
on year growth at 35%. We are seeing strong demand for our services in 
line with our medium term objectives of achieving $100 million of annual 
revenue. In parallel, Onward Tech continues to exit legacy business, which 
is the low margin high volume business in India. While focusing our entire 
investments and budget on the top 25 global customers. These customers 
now, generate, close to 73% of our consolidated revenue, and has 
increased by 12% from the same period in the previous financial year. I'm 
also proud to announce today that are over half of these customers come 
from our top 25 contribute more than $1 million revenue per year with 
visibility towards even higher share of wallet in the coming quarters. What 
that means is in terms of $100 million objective is we will have few 
customers which will be as high as generating $10 million revenue per year 
going towards that journey to $100 million. We are undertaking building 
investments in the two primary areas. One is as I shared in the earlier 
earning calls and in our notes, post Covid we have now 7 international 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
offices three in US, one in Canada and one London and two in Europe in 
Frankfurt and Amsterdam which we are strengthening and building up the 
entire sales teams. And the second big investment is Onward Technologies 
academy under the terminology TAP, which is talent acceleration 
program. Under TAP, We are investing to build advanced digital 
capabilities in line with the goal of achieving 50% of our revenues in 2025.   
 
Under the TAP initiative, Now we have 250 engineers, getting trained 
across multiple design centers we have in India which is Mumbai, Pune, 
Chennai, 
Bangalore 
and 
Hyderabad. And this 
training 
will 
be 
approximately 4 6 to 9 months post that where they will start working on 
the various projects in these top 25 clients. These business building 
investments of the 2 initiatives is approximately budgeted at Rs 25 crores 
per annum, which will propel future growth and an improved business mix 
while impacting reported EBITDA margins in the short term. 
 
I'm also happy to share that we've WON a large multiyear deal from one 
of the global automotive companies in the digital space which will reflect 
in our results in the coming quarter.   
  
Lastly, I'm also happy to announce that we have awarded engineering 
partner of the year by Intech Awards 2022 in Delhi. Overall, as a summary, 
I believe our Q1 was a great quarter as a follow up to our last financial year 
and on our journey to beat the record of the growth record of the previous 
financial year. Now I hand over the call to our CFO Mr. Dev to give you the 
financial insights. Over to you, Dev.  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Thank you Jigar and good afternoon everyone. Let me take you 
through the first quarter financial 23 performance of our company on the 
consolidated basis. The operating income of Q1 FY23 is 93.7 crore which is 
as Jigar has mentioned that we grew year on year basis by 35%, which is 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
one of the highest growth ever. Growth in revenue, is mainly driven by 
increasing wallet share from the existing strategic client in the industrial 
and equipment heavy machinery the domain as well as in transportation 
mobility vertical. The EBITDA reported was 2.9 Crore and the net profit 
after tax reported is 1.2 Crore. In the landmark decision, one of the 
landmark decision income tax authorities awarded a refund of INR 51.7 
million to the company which is recorded during the quarter, which is case 
belongs to the financial year 2007-08 and our company has received the 
amount along with the interest. Our reported EBITDA and PAT in Q1 was 
lower due to the heavy investment in the manpower and the capabilities 
as big as mentioned in above. The key initiatives were hiring, training and 
upskilling of the graduate training program, which is called the TAP from 
the available talent pool to cater the future demand. Direct costs belongs 
to the TAP program, which is 2.4 Crore, which is recorded in the quarter 
one the company has added net addition of 197 employees during the 
quarter and which is majorities are belong renewable resources. Taking to 
the total headcount is 2838. We are also setting up the infrastructure for 
the new digital Center of Excellence in Navi Mumbai, which will be 
operation in Q2 of FY23. With this we can now open for the floor for the 
questions and answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session.  The first question is from the line of Parthiv from NVS 
brokerage. Please go ahead.  
Parthiv: 
 My first primary question, is on the employee cost so as you also said, that 
your employee expense has actually shooted in the quarter, and I believe 
you receive some benefits from the US. Actually, at the time of Covid if I'm 
not mistaken, so will this be the new normal for when as far as the 
employee cost is concerned. Especially, when we start comparing other 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
percentage of the topline. That is my first question. The second is, can you 
just give a brief break up on the revenue coming from different 
geographies and across the client segments, so that would be really helpful 
to me Sir.  
Jigar Mehta:  
To answer your first question regarding employee expense, yes, that's 
correct. This will be the new normal in terms of the fully loaded cost. For 
our entire team today, which is the sales team, delivery team and of course 
the new TAP initiatives where we are on boarding a large number of 
freshers. They are also all on full salary in the company. Of your second 
question. So we are present in three industry verticals. So the 1st is 
industrial equipment and heavy machinery, second is transportation and 
mobility and 3rd is Healthcare. So the revenues from industrial equipment 
is 45% of the consolidated revenue. The transportation is 38% and 
Healthcare is now at approximately 6%, so we still have approximately 11% 
revenue, which comes from the other category which will continuously be 
coming down.  
Parthiv: 
OK, and so just wanted to understand now with this 93-94 crores of your 
top line. Will this be growing at the same or accelerated pace for the rest 
part of the year like for FY23?  
Jigar Mehta:  
Yes, we see a very good visibility and traction from all the top 25 clients 
and a very active prospect base. In terms of the opportunity in front of us,  
now it's all about execution and building up the delivery capacity across 
multiple cities and locations where our clients are based.  
Parthiv: 
All right and the benefits for the employee from the US has been done 
right. We are not receiving any benefits from the USA apart for employee 
expenses.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Jigar Mehta:  
Correct. 
Parthiv: 
OK, perfect  
Moderator: 
 Thank you, the next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Bannon 
Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead.  
VP Rajesh: 
 Just on the EBITDA margin, do you think this is sort of the bottom in terms 
of EBITDA margin, or do you foresee it going down further during this 
year?  
Jigar Mehta:  
We look at the Business today different, this financial year compared to 
last year. So what we are seeing last year was where we set the 
foundation, where we are coming back to work and rebuilding 
relationships with all of our clients. Post work from home and Covid times. 
Now what we are seeing is a much bigger opportunity from our clients as 
we have built much more level of trust and credibility with them. Now in 
these clients in engineering, as you already know, the order book position 
is not something which is a multiyear like IT services contract but on the 
digital side we are seeing much larger contracts and we have started 
winning those and to service them we are investing proactively behind 
these customer contracts or customer engagements. So from EBITDA 
perspective, from operating margin perspective, we continue to maintain 
the same as last year and get better because we are transitioning more & 
more from mechanical to digital. But our investments, especially in the 
seven international offices is the largest investment as we built fully 
functional and efficient offices. We see a massive opportunity in front of 
us in terms of to scale up our revenue from existing clients.  
VP Rajesh: 
Ok and then this 250 engineers which are part of your TAP program. What 
would have been the cost of them in this quarter?  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Mr. Rajesh, this quarter there is a direct cost and indirect costs, so 
direct cost is 2.4 Crore which has been charged to the P&L of this part.  
VP Rajesh: 
OK, and these folks will start becoming a deployable from let's say 
December quarter onwards. Is that right Jigar that's the way to understand 
this?  
Jigar Mehta:  
yes, we would see this in terms of billing perspective it will start from this 
quarter for some of the batches that started in November because of nine 
month cycle. So we are already seeing that traction. Several of them are 
starting at various client projects already, but they will constantly get 
refilled with more and more batches as we keep making progress towards 
building much bigger capacity for our clients.  
VP Rajesh: 
OK, so I guess what I was trying to understand is will this increase further 
or this kind of load is something we will carry on our P&L because obviously 
there's no commensurate revenue against this cost.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So currently because we're starting off from Ground Zero, yes, the cost will 
continue because we want to build up the entire base. It will be in batches 
of 250 engineers. Once they get fully productive, we will hire the next 
batch and so on. 
VP Rajesh: 
But because see the way and correct me if I'm wrong. What I see is that by 
December this whole batch will be deployed and they will start generating 
revenue from the December quarter on a fully ramped up basis so the next 
batch which is coming in the cost will be there. But then there will be at 
least one revenue from the previous batch that will be coming in. So in that 
sense your EBITDA margin should expand and that's what I was trying to 
just make sure I'm thinking about it the right way.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Yes, correct.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
VP Rajesh: 
OK and the people that you so if you separate this 25 covers into your task 
program and the sales teams that you have hired in overseas offices, 
obviously those are more expensive folks, which is what we can decipher 
from the number they've just gave us, so how do we think about that is it 
I mean that cost will obviously remain there, but what we should see is 
continued revenue growth of let say 7% or even higher quarter on quarter 
is that what will be the result of that investment that we have made, and 
what is the guidance therefore, for the quarter on quarter revenue?  
Jigar Mehta:  
So absolutely. So let me let me simplify it a bit more so we have 25 large 
clients today that serving with generates 73% of our revenues, and that's 
the number that we are growing . Let's say we would need 25 account 
managers, 25 delivery managers, and 25 from all the support functions 
that go with it, we have that very well covered from an India BU 
perspective. Now, we are hiring and investing in similar teams outside 
India. These companies are some of the largest manufacturing companies 
in transportation, mobility, industrial equipment in the world, and they are 
spread across the world.  Which gives a much bigger visibility in terms of 
growth and opportunity. So we're putting the foundation and the building 
blocks towards the future there.  
VP Rajesh: 
Right, so the question is then this kind of 7% quarter on quarter growth, 
do you think we can sustain it this year? That's what I was trying to access 
again.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So we are seeing a very good visibility. For this at least for the next few 
quarters.  
VP Rajesh: 
OK and then anything on the M&A side because I know to get to your $100 
million target by section 25. There has to be an inorganic piece to that 
growth. So if you can comment on as to what you're seeing on the MMA 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
side, have the valuations come down and are there some things which are 
closer to getting done etc. So please comment on that.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So since our last earning call our focus on the M&A side has slowed down 
a bit since travel globally opened up and our opportunity size has just 
scaled up much, much in a very big way. We are open. We continue to have 
a lot of inbound enquiries, and we're always open in terms of the right 
acquisition for us, which will help us scale much faster in these 25 clients 
or in a similar industry vertical that we are present in today.  
VP Rajesh: 
Understood and they’ve won a housekeeping question on the tax side. So 
after this refund, how much more refund are we expecting on the tax bill?  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
We have about 14 crore yet to be receivable from the department 
and is the various years and various authorities. So in total is 14 crore yet 
to be received.  
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Mr. Pratap Maliwal from Mount Infra 
Financial Private Limited, please go ahead.  
Pratap Maliwal: 
As I was saying that we have a goal to reach about 20 customers with a 
1,000,000 plus run rate and about I think a few quarters with a Q2 of 
FY22. We had 11, and now we've gained back to 13. So now with some of 
the challenging macros coming and do we see a slowdown yet? Can we 
actually send this to 20 and what could be the possible timeline of this 
scale up to 20 customers?  
Jigar Mehta: 
So 11 for us has become 13. And we have a visibility to get to 18-20 by 
end of this financial year. And we continue to see that.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Pratap Maliwal: 
OK, so we're not seeing any signs of a slowdown, or maybe clients delaying 
certain projects or revenues. Maybe getting pushed out into further 
quarter with coming slowdown in the talk of recession and everything.  
Jigar Mehta: 
We have not seen that so far.  
Pratap Maliwal: 
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe in our investor presentation 
we don't have the exact breakup of the client concentration and the 
geographic concentration. While we do have a basic idea, but if our 
exposure and our revenue inflows from North America, Europe and 
India. That's because the exact break up I believe is not available. So could 
you please provide that?  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
So in consolidated basis, revenue contribution by Indian entity is 
51% and 49% is contributed from the outside India where the US is the one 
of the major contributor which contributes 36%. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
OK, now coming to our hiring trends. We have again hired a good number 
of employees with quarters so would be hiring trends. Continue there, any 
guidance on this? Just trying to get an understanding of how the cost 
structure could maybe change going forward.  
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, absolutely. In terms of hiring, we are trying to accelerate the hiring 
and please keep in mind this is net hiring that we are onboarding.  So we 
continue to hire a lot of people as we speak across all 14 locations where 
we have offices today.  
Pratap Maliwal: 
 Thank you. That's helpful and just have one last question from my side 
while you have the number on the 1 million plus clients, are we disclosing 
the number on the 3 million plus or the 5 million plus terms that we may 
have right now 3 million?  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Jigar Mehta: 
 Not yet. We will as soon as we have more strength in that direction.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Kothari from Shinobi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Krish Kothari: 
So a lot of your growth seems to be coming from your transportation 
vertical. I was just wondering if you could talk about what exactly is 
working for you in that vertical. What maybe some specific investments 
that you've made that are paying off and any sort of lessons that you've 
learned from this Covid.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So if you look at the numbers for the last quarter and the visibility that we 
have, it is across the board, across all the three verticals. On the 
transportation vertical is where we signed several OEMs during Covid 
times over last 2 years, we are seeing a huge ramp up across our clients 
right now. And all of these contracts are predominantly on the digital 
services side of the business and some are on the embedded side. The 
challenge for us has been the capacity where if we had a capacity of 500 
more people, engineers readily trained on various cloud, data science, data 
analytics skills. We would have seen much bigger growth as well and that's 
what we have been investing in right now. In terms of our industrial 
clients this is the legacy business. We did lot of mechanical engineering 
business where we are seeing a steady growth too.  
Krish Kothari: 
OK, got it. I think you sort of discuss this, but in Q1. How many of your 
engineer employees actually generated revenue? Do you have any 
specific number on that?  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
So our billable headcounts put together out of 2,838 is a 2,478 and 
balances the G&A and non-billable staff which includes the talent 
acceleration graduates which are undergoing training.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Krish Kothari: 
And also just on this employee aspect, obviously there's a lot of sort of new 
employees coming. When you sign up these employees are you taking any 
steps to sort of ensure longer term retention? For instance, do you have 
non-compete clauses or anything like that?  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So for the three types of contracts that we have in the organization, so 
one which is employment at will, which I believe, cut across all our offices 
and that's the culture that we like to follow for employees irrespective 
whether they are fresher’s or lateral hires where we are investing 
substantial time for training & certifications. Second, We have a two way 
service agreement with employees which is anywhere from 18 months to 
three years. And 3rd is for senior hire contract which is performance 
based.   
Krish Kothari: 
So one question on the legacy business. Do you have a complete specific 
timeline in terms of when you exit that completely? Or is it the sort of 
moving target and you're just trying to do it as fast as you can.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So exactly opposite like I shared earlier in the earnings calls we are not 
trying to exit any contract. What we are doing is the contracts which we 
wanted to exit, have all closed nine months ago.  so now there are other 
contracts in the legacy business in India when they come for a natural end 
is when we are opting out from renewal and we're taking those engineers 
and adding them in our TAP initiative.  
Krish Kothari: 
OK, understood and so once to the extent possible, sort of existed their 
legacy business. How many active clients do you anticipate you will have 
with anything that I mean, of course a ballpark number, but will it be 
dramatically lower than it is right now?  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Jigar Mehta:  
Yes, that's a great point, so if you see our number of active clients about, I 
think 2 or 2 1/2 years ago we were at 200 plus now we've come below 100 
and continuously you will see the number come down in the next few 
quarters. It's not necessary just because of the legacy business. It's also 
because the focus that of working with the largest OEM in the world. There 
doesn't give us the bandwidth to actually go after new there's so much to 
be done with these companies. At least then it will be for the next few 
years.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Sanjay Sao from 
RIPL. Please go ahead.   
Sanjay Sao: 
 Yeah, all of my questions were answered so I'm nothing up with.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. VP Rajesh from 
Bannon Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.  
VP Rajesh: 
 One question is regarding the customers where we are getting 1 million 
plus of revenues come so in how many of such clients have we become 
strategic partner where we have exposure to all the RFP's coming out of 
them?  
Jigar Mehta:  
That number is approximately 25 a bit higher than 25.  
VP Rajesh: 
So you're saying among top 25 you are strategic partner in all of them. It's 
just that in half of them the revenue has ended to a million plus.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 Yes, so I don't use the word strategic partner I'm just saying we are a 
registered supplier to some of the largest companies in the world. Where 
now we have access to all the RFP's in the areas where Onward 
Technologies has in-house capabilities, so some could be for digital some 
could be for cloud, some could be for embedded electronics and some 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
could be for product engineering.. And then once you're servicing this 
client and you do a good job then you get an opportunity to service other 
areas where the customer is looking for a new supplier. So it's all about 
mining, and that's where we are hiring the account managers and sales 
leaders outside India today across our seven international offices.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Pachadia from 
Ashika Institutional Equities, please go ahead.  
Chirag Pachadia: 
 I have a basic questions like what are the levels in place to increase our 
EBITDA margin going forward. And also your focus on the workforce and 
attrition control going forward.  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
This EBITDA movement is because of the keep investing in the 
manpower because we are the service industries we have to invest in the 
people for the future ready demand on that. So as you know that in our 
initial beginning of the call we have initiated that there is a program of the 
250 engineers we which are the non-billable and we are training them up 
killing them for the ready for future demand so that cost is direct cost is 
associated in this quarter 1 under this 2.4 here. Therefore the EBITDA has 
been down, but once the people will get trained and billable, then the 
EBITDA will be upside.  
Chirag Pachadia: 
So we started the inflationary rise in the cost to passing on to the client by 
increasing the contract rate and all or as we still continuing with the older 
rates which we quoted earlier to the clients.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Sorry I didn't understand the question. Can you please repeat?  
Chirag Pachadia: 
So like what I have seen across this sector in last one quarter that due to 
increasing the traveling costs and all companies have started passing on 
the increase rate of cost to the customer in form of charging the higher 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
rate for the cost or which they earlier used to do at older rate a year 
back or so, so do we have started negotiating with the clients, to attract 
with them before at a new higher rate or to maintain our margin 
profile other than employee cost per month.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 We don't have a similar challenge like some of the larger companies that 
you are mentioning about. Onward technologies is very new in the global 
market, especially post Covid we have refreshed entire strategy as we have 
communicated earlier. So for us all our travel cost, especially international 
travel cost is always borne by the customer, so somebody's flying to 
Germany or Europe or Canada. That's usually borne on actuals by the 
client. We don't charge the client anything on top of it.  
Chirag Pachadia: 
OK, and about attrition here. Your comment on attrition like how we 
managing this.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So attrition is again not a very big concern area for me, At Onward Tech 
our attrition for last 12 months was 33%. That's been the attrition for us,  
probably for the last 4-5-6 years. I'm assuming that’s for most companies 
of our size. Our attrition is at LO L1 level.   
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishit Shah from Ambika 
Fincap, please go ahead.  
Nishit Shah: 
I just have two questions. One is on the delusions during the quarter. If you 
can just elaborate it on the same.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Sorry. Can you elaborate the question?  
Nishit Shah: 
I was asking on the deal events during the quarter. If you can, just 
elaborate on the few key deal events during the quarter.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Jigar Mehta:  
Some of the most exciting deals that we have signed is one of the largest 
transportation mobility companies in the world is setting up a few 1000 
center digital center in South of India and as part of their due diligence, 
they've selected Onward Technologies to help them ramp up the entire 
capacity and capability across cloud analytics, data science, etc.  We have 
recently started building a very focused team around this win. At its peak, 
I think sometime mid of next year they will then become one of the fastest 
growing clients for us.  We signed an extension of a contract with another 
large mobility company. There we have to build a large center for them 
that's for the same skills on the digital side. The billing for that project 
starts in August which is next month. We have signed a healthcare client 
in California. It's again a digital transformation deal. It was initially only 
onsite & now we have won our first offshore project with them.  And the 
last is a we have signed a large contract for the industrial equipment 
customer in US which is one of the worlds largest mining equipment 
company where we are supporting them on mechanical engineering across 
North America, Canada and offshore in India. So when I said deal size 
group, these are all contracts which are anywhere from 50 to 250 
engineers and long term, multiyear contracts.  
Nishit Shah: 
I have another question on your Navi Mumbai digital COE. So how many 
seats will that be coming for and can you elaborate on your digital 
capabilities how are you building it against some of your peers because all 
your peers are also getting into digital. So how do you plan to compete 
with them?  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So the Navi Mumbai center is actually to support two of our existing client. 
One is a healthcare major headquartered on the East Coast of the US, 
where we have already won the contract two quarters ago. And the 2nd 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
is for an automotive client, for exactly very similar skill sets, which is on 
DevOps and cloud where we are going build capabilities.  
 
Just want to clarify again. We don't hire people, train them and then we 
look for projects for them right. Onward Technology is too young a 
company to focus on the bench business model. Our business model is one 
supported by a client contract or clear client requirement.  What we are 
very good in and what we enjoy doing is hiring a large number of people 
at the top end of the spectrum. So a lot of SME / solution architects, 
delivery leaders, program managers. Once the client gets the confidence 
that we can attract & retain the best talent, they collaborate with us to put 
the architecture and entire team together.  Once we win the project, we 
set-up the Centers for execution. Whether it's offshore or onsite.  
Nishit Shah: 
So are you trying to say that in terms of capability, you would be at par 
with your peers in digital part.  
Jigar Mehta:  
For a company of 300 crore size, yes, absolutely. A company which is a 
10,000 crore , we are not at par.  
Nishit Shah: 
I understand and lastly, on your margins incrementally X of TAP. Do you 
think this is our base and incremental? It should not grow at a much faster 
pace. X of TAP I'm saying.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 Sorry, can you elaborate the question on the margin?  
Nishit Shah: 
OPEX and removing that TAP cost incrementally. Do you see the cost going 
up the way it has gone up in this quarter? Or do you see this as a base and 
it should not go up as much as it has gone in this quarter or something? In 
percentage terms.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Jigar Mehta:  
In terms of costs, these are just the start for us again. This year we will 
spend close to 25 crores in terms of building up the entire team as upfront 
investment for these 25 clients. That's one of the reasons if you remember 
why we raised equity last year from private equity firm Convergent. So the 
objective is to scale now with travel opening up and all our global offices 
in place. So let me give you an example. Next month on September 1st we 
have our largest office in London right next to Heathrow, So two of our 
executive vice presidents from India, are relocating to London. We are on 
boarding 7 salespeople or account managers there as we speak. These are 
techno commercial leads so these are on digital, embedded and 
mechanical and they will play the role of account management and 
majority of their time would go going to supporting these 25 clients with 
UK and Europe presence. So this would be a massive investment from our 
side upfront starting September 1st and this will be the largest office of 
Onward Tech outside India from a client relationship perspective. Similar 
like this, we set-up a subsidiary in Netherlands last year. We have a very 
senior person joining us in couple of weeks in Amsterdam to lead our 
entire foray into the Netherlands and the Nordic markets. So he again 
comes from the tier one company and around him our goal is to build the 
entire execution and shared services team. Which can service clients in the 
respective Nordic country market. Our Frankfurt office, which was 
supported from Pune traditionally, for the last several years. Now we have 
front end team, their which is again focusing on building much deeper 
relationships. So where we have small mechanical engineering contracts is 
to transform them into digital services contracts. And the same applies in 
a Cleveland and Chicago and Toronto. So I'm just giving you a 
perspective. So I think it's only a starting point the opportunity again, as I 
say, is so high for us. And so it's about just once we build up the base and 
that becomes the norm in terms of the flat cost that you're talking about.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sriram Rajan, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Sriram Rajan: 
 I think most of the questions have been answered just a few of them from 
my side, so maybe this is the CFO. See the EBITDA is about 3 crores for this 
quarter, and if you layer it with the 2.4 of the expenses that come in 
through the TAP program so it comes to about 5.4 of EBITDA which is still 
less than the 6.3 of last quarter when you look at sequentially, is there 
something further to the cost. Despite of a top line increase of seven 
crores.  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
This is one of the significant costs which we highlighted. Apart from 
that there are certain costs which has been increasing for example. A non-
direct costs indirect costs related to the train people. Plus last quarter we 
open up the two large center in the Chennai which we acquired 26,000 
square feet office and in Bangalore office which we expanded from small 
office to the bigger office. The cost of operation in this quarter is the full 
cost has been loaded where it said in previous immediate previous quarter 
was the only one month cost. So therefore the impact of that the balance 
amount is there.  
Sriram Rajan: 
Fine, fine, that's very clear.  Of course we are investing ahead and the 
revenue will follow suit. That's how it works in this industry. But this three 
percent ever to can we take that as the floor and on the other expenses 
and it may even go down? Short term not a long time. Long time should be 
far better.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So I'll try to answer your question a bit differently again, so for us we have 
focused on these 25 clients and how to grow the business when I 
commit. To what we do as an organization is we have very strong financial 
discipline, so we maintain the operating margin and then all the surplus is 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
what we're investing back in the business every quarter. So instead of 
hiring 100 sales people outside India and quarter, we are balancing 
number hiring 5 to 10 a quarter right now and building up the base. so our 
operating margin is not getting compromised. At some point in time, the 
first goal is to get to 100 million terms of revenue. We need to earn the 
trust of our clients that we have the execution skills to build up capability 
and capacity in India and overseas. Where they are headquartered so 
Onward tech today is just putting the foundation for that in terms of 
investments. We are seeing an amazing opportunity to scale, we are seeing 
the requirements and it is more about how do we execute in the best way 
possible.  
Sriram Rajan: 
So just two questions are associated with the same topic, so the TAP 
program, so there's a batch that's come in, so we expect to have another 
tab subsequently, or maybe towards the end of the year as somebody was 
referring to earlier, another 250 coming in some subsequently or it's 
there's about it.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So 250 number just to clarify again, it's just a pilot project and the pilot 
project the way we have done it is we've spread them across five locations 
or five centers in India on various domains, technologies and for against 
various client requirements. So it's we look at it. Pilot project what we see 
with these kind of customers that we are serving I mean the opportunity 
is as good as Infinity. Because we're talking about a global perspective and 
a multibillion dollar company, which today is only serviced by MNC’s or by 
tier one companies. So the opportunity is very huge. Our personal vision in 
Onward technologies at some point in time we have a 2000 people 
Academy with many talented people who are trained on the latest 
technologies so we can support the client requirements. So today, for 
example, when the client comes to us for. XYZ skills, uh or for a project on 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
big RFP. Most RFPs, we are not able to support. So if you learn about 
conversation last quarter, we had an RFP where a customer or looking at 
adding 5000 embedded engineers. Right, so we had no choice but 
withdraw from bidding.  Because if we want the deal which we are quite 
optimistic about, we would not have 5000 engineers inhouse to deploy in 
one year. So that's about a scale which we're talking about in terms of the 
opportunity out there in the market.  Our Management team has to decide 
where we should focus our energies on where we should invest 
where most importantly, we can actually deliver as well. Because one bad 
example of failed delivery and the whole engine stops working.  
Sriram Rajan: 
So the 250 results. Quickly get into the top 15 clients anyway, so as we 
start placing the training they get ingested. This kind of Noto pipeline just 
keep going into one of those projects. I think that's the problem we're 
trying to solve for creating the capacity for those of 25 customers.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Correct, in addition to the lateral hires that we already doing, yes.  
Sriram Rajan: 
That you clarified all these. Solution architects and all those. Yeah, so this 
is so this year for my last question I'll I think I'll keep quiet after this. I 
haven't seen the financials. I just read through the investor presentation 
before coming into the call. I'm actually traveling somewhere on business, 
even after this 5.17 crores of income tax refund that we've got  if the 
PAT still, that 1.2 crores, if it this 5.1 crores did not come would have be 
negative or something like that.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Yeah, this interest income of which is part of the other income which has 
been done. In the part of the 2.1.  
Sriram Rajan: 
I think last question so there's so much talk about recession everywhere. I 
didn't see any of the earlier questions coming on that it looks like we are 

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
bullish. We're seeing far more demand, perhaps because the big guys will 
see that as a recession we kind of nimble entering into this space now, but 
is there any impact, especially the auto industry and all those heavy 
equipment’s are facing severe recession. From their end customer side. So 
that's a question I have do you see a challenge there?  
Jigar Mehta:  
We are not seeing that as of today as we speak. You're actually seeing 
demand for our services has gone up in the last 90 days as compared to in 
entire previous financial year.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Bannon 
Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead.  
VP Rajesh: 
 Two quick questions. You mentioned a couple of times that you have an 
internal operating margin figure and the rest is getting redeployed. So 
could you share that what that Margin is?  
Jigar Mehta: 
 Sorry, elaborate the question. You were breaking in between.  
VP Rajesh: 
OK, what I was asking is that a couple of times he said there is an internal 
operating margin member that you are tracking. And then anything exists 
in excess of that you are reinvesting in the business. So what I was the 
question is and what is that internal operating margin number is it more 
double digits or if you can just share that number with us.  
Devanand Ramandasani: 
We are tracking the different level of margin decreases. For 
example, the gross margin level, it depends upon the ideal client size and 
the territory engagement model on site, offshore or the hybrid model on 
that each are the Different part average margin which we are tracking in 
this is ranging between 30% to 35% on the gross margin level. However, 
S&M costs and the G&A cost needs to be loaded over on that to declare 
EBITDA and PBT as well.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
VP Rajesh: 
OK, that's helpful and the second question is that our T&M revenue was 
significantly higher in this quarter. So is that one off or do you see more 
projects of that nature? And what is the associated margin with that is it 
higher or lower than the fixed price?  
Jigar Mehta:  
Sorry you were breaking up. Did you say T&M?  
VP Rajesh: 
Yes, T&M revenues were higher. They were actually 82% of your total 
revenue this quarter, which was generally around 74%-75% in the previous 
years.  
Jigar Mehta:  
So as I communicated earlier, T&M is our preferred business model and 
we see that number increasing the on the annual basis.  
VP Rajesh: 
OK, and how is the margin in compared to fixed price. So that's for that 
type of business.  
Jigar Mehta: 
 So let me let me simplify again so we have our T&M business, which is 
about 82% and we have a fixed price projects which is about 18% majority 
of our revenue from our top 25 clients comes from T&M. so and as we get 
more and more maturity in these relationships over $1 million with 
somebody, with a very large industrial equipment companies are very 
insignificant outsourcing budget from a customer's perspective. As you're 
aware so for us, it's all about moving up the value chain, perhaps putting 
few years, then building the credibility and the trust, and that should be 
get Opportunity to start building for large fixed price projects. And those 
projects have high margin.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you, the next question is from the line of Nishit Shah from Ambika 
Fincap. Please go ahead.  

                                                 Onward Technologies Ltd 
July 19, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Nishit Shah:  
 I just want a clarification. What is the interest amount did we get on the 
income tax refund?  
Jigar Mehta: 
Are you talking about the interest income in other income which is clubbed 
together?  
Nishit Shah:  
Yeah, I'll just be. On the tax refund I'm talking about.  
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, if you're referring to the other income, the interest income part of the 
other income has been belongs to the interest on IT refund and so small 
amount on the bank deposit.  
Nishit Shah:  
But can you quantify it?  
Jigar Mehta: 
Yeah, fine 1.7 Crore is belongs to IT interest and well.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now have the conference 
over to Mr. Jigar Mehta, Managing Director of Onward Technologies 
Limited for closing comments.  
Jigar Mehta:  
Thank you all for participating in this earnings call. Q1 was an exciting 
quarter for us and we are quite positive about rest of the year, I hope we 
have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, please 
reach out to our Investor Relations manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank 
you. Stay safe and look forward to being in touch. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 On behalf of Onward Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
