 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 5039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2422 4484, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
July 22, 2022 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings call Transcript for quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 13, 2022 and July 16, 2022. The Company had hosted an 
earnings conference call with investors and analyst on Saturday, July 16, 2022 to discuss the 
financial performance of the Company for Q1-FY2023. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for Q1-FY2023. The same is 
also made available on the Company’s website at www.iciciprulife.com. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary  
ACS 18108 
 
Encl.: As above  
 

 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Quarter ended June 30, 2022 (Q1-FY2023) 
July 16, 2022 
 

 
2 
 
N. S. Kannan, Managing Director & CEO: 
 
Good evening and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. I have several of my senior colleagues on the call 
with me, Satyan Jambunathan, Chief Financial Officer; Judhajit Das, who heads Human 
Resources, Customer Service and Operations; Amit Palta, who heads Distribution, Brand 
& Marketing and Products; Deepak Kinger, who is responsible for Audit, Legal, Risk and 
Compliance; Manish Kumar, who manages Investments; Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary; 
Dhiren Salian, Deputy CFO; and Dhiraj Chugha from the Investor Relations team. 
At the start, I would like to talk about the three developments during the quarter before I 
move on to our performance: 
First development: As you know, we had our 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) through 
a video conference on June 27, 2022. All the items specified in the notice of the AGM were 
approved by the shareholders of the Company. The items as you know included, among 
others, the reappointment of three directors, Mr. Sandeep Batra nominated by ICICI Bank, 
Mr. R. K. Nair and Mr. Dileep Choksi, Independent Directors, and then approval of financial 
statements, final dividend for FY2022, and the material related party transactions for 
FY2024. 
Further, we have voluntarily adopted the Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
disclosures (BRSR) for FY2022. It's a conscious decision to adopt the BRSR framework 
ahead of the statutory timelines and thereby reiterate our commitment to transparency in 
disclosures and also to promote a culture that embraces sustainability practices along with 
our business processes. 
Given our ESG focus, we were the only Indian insurance company to be featured in the 
list of top 100 companies in the ‘Most Sustainable Companies’ by BW Businessworld and 
Sustain Labs Paris. FTSE Russell has improved our ESG rating score from 3.3 to 3.7 and 
we have been a part of FTSE4Good Index since last year.  
Second development: During the quarter on the regulatory front, I had mentioned in the 
last quarter itself, that the IRDA Chairman took charge in March 2022. Since then, the 
regulator has engaged more frequently with the industry and we have witnessed some 
regulatory changes being set in motion - such as a shifting to Use and File process for 
certain categories of new products, rationalization of regulatory returns, and relaxation of 
solvency requirements for the PMJJBY scheme. As indicated in the first industry meeting, 
the Chairman has conducted the bi-monthly meeting with CEOs of all life insurers, and has 
provided a roadmap for further regulatory development. Eight thematic committees were 
formed to examine various phases of the regulatory framework, and all eight committees 
have submitted their report to the regulator. We believe we can expect further changes to 
the regulatory framework in the months to come based on the recommendations of these 
committees.  
The Chairman has also expressed his intent to enable ease of doing business and has 
proposed initiatives to be run in mission mode - such as shifting to a risk-based capital 
regime, Ind-AS accounting standard and risk-based supervision. We expect our solvency 
to substantially improve under a risk-based capital regime.  

 
3 
 
The Regulator is also evaluating leveraging data and technology more and expects the 
industry to focus on enhancing awareness, serving the underserved, orderly market 
conduct and data security among other things. The Regulator is keen to set objectives 
collectively for the industry to improve insurance penetration and is willing to support the 
industry towards achieving these objectives. So, if I have to summarize, the Regulatory 
focus is going to be on growth and development along with ease of doing business.  
Third development: During the quarter, financial markets have continued to exhibit 
increased volatility, given the continuing geopolitical conflict and the subsequent trade 
sanctions. Continued supply chain challenges have led to spike in commodity prices with 
crude oil trading at elevated levels. While inflationary pressure remains high, most central 
banks have increased policy rates. We are also witnessing global economic growth 
concerns. Domestically, though inflation remains high, policy interventions by the 
government as well as interventions through monetary policy changes by the RBI are likely 
to limit the inflationary spiral going forward.  
Large net outflows by Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have caused significant volatility 
in the capital market, directly impacting the unit linked business. While consumer 
preference for non-participating guaranteed saving products still continues, increase in 
yields in domestic market could place pressure on this business segment given that it 
could become more challenging to compete with other categories of savings products in 
the market. 
I will now move on to our performance for the quarter in this overall background.  
Our 4P strategic elements i.e. Premium growth, Protection business growth, Persistency 
improvement, and Productivity enhancement continue to guide us towards our objective 
of growing the absolute Value of New Business, while ensuring that our customer is at the 
core of everything we do. Along the way, we have also been integrating ESG aspects into 
the management of our business. 
I will summarize the performance on the 4Ps through slides 5 to 9, and then conclude with 
a commentary on the VNB. Satyan will then be taking you through our performance in 
detail. 
Let me start with the first P of our strategic elements, which is Premium growth.  
Our Annualized Premium Equivalent (APE) grew by 25% in Q1-FY2023 to ` 15.20 billion, a 
robust growth despite the market volatility and the overall background of the environment. 
We continue to maintain a very well diversified product mix with the contribution from the 
linked savings products at 40%, non-linked savings at 28%, protection at 22%, annuity at 
6% and the balance 4% coming from group savings products.  
Through our focus on acquisition of new partners and investment in creation of new 
sourcing channels, we continue to diversify our distribution mix as well. In our Q1-FY2023 
APE, on slide 6, Bancassurance channel share was 35% within which share of banks other 
than ICICI bank, grew to 15%. Agency channel share was 22%, direct business share was 
11% and share of other partnerships was 11% and the balance was contributed by the 
group line of business.  

 
4 
 
We believe that our diversification agenda both on the product side as well as the 
distribution mix is well on track, enabling us to manage the impact of the external 
environment and respond to changing consumer preferences in a much more agile 
manner than in the past. 
Moving on to the second P of Protection business growth on slide 7.  
Our total protection APE grew by 22% to ` 3.3 billion in Q1-FY2023, increasing the 
protection mix from 17% for FY2022 to 21.7% for this quarter.  
I would like to highlight that based on total New Business Sum Assured, our market share 
has increased from 13.4% for FY2022 to 15.8% in Q1-FY2023. With this, we have not only 
increased our market share lead within the private sector, but we have achieved overall 
market leadership in terms of New Business Sum Assured.  
We continue to take a risk calibrated approach and our underwriting practices are 
commensurate with the prices offered, including emphasizing sourcing of preferred 
customer profiles. 
On the third P of Persistency improvement which is presented in slide 8.  
We continue to see further improvements across all cohorts. Our 13th month persistency 
ratio has increased by 90 basis points to 85.5%. Similarly, our 49th month persistency ratio 
has increased by 160 basis points to 65.0% at the end of June 2022. 
On the fourth P of Productivity enhancement presented in slide 9.  
Our total expenses grew at 18.6% year-on-year for Q1-FY2023. Our cost to total weighted 
received premium was higher at 23.8% for Q1-FY2023. While the absolute expenses are 
higher as compared to the same period last year because of our continuing investment in 
business growth, you can see that the new business growth is higher than the growth in 
expenses. 
Alongside our 4P strategy framework, we continue to maintain a resilient Balance Sheet 
as presented in slide 10.  
We have evaluated insurance risks and mortality experience and they are within 
expectation and we will continue to monitor them closely. Our solvency ratio was 203.6% 
as of June 30, 2022 compared to the required ratio of 150%. So, we are well capitalized, 
much ahead of the regulatory requirements. 
On the credit risk, only 0.3% of our fixed income portfolio is invested in bonds rated below 
AA and we continue to maintain a track record of not having a single NPA since our 
inception. Of our total liabilities, non-par guaranteed return products comprise about 2.2%. 
We continue to closely monitor our liquidity and ALM positions, and we have no issues to 
report. 
Now moving on to the Value of New Business (VNB), as a result of the above drivers 
described, VNB for Q1-FY2023 was ` 4.71 billion, a significant growth of 31.6% over the 
corresponding quarter last year. Given our APE of ` 15.2 billion, the resultant VNB margin 

 
5 
 
was 31% for Q1-FY2023 as compared to 28% for FY2022. While this increase in VNB 
margin is primarily on account of shift in underlying product mix, we continue to focus on 
absolute VNB growth, which is the stated objective. 
Before I hand over to Satyan to talk through some of the details of the financial and 
performance numbers, I would like to mention that we continue to maintain our objective 
of doubling our FY2019 VNB by the end of this financial year, which requires a growth rate 
of about 23% over the last financial year. With a VNB growth of 31.6%, for Q1-FY2023, we 
believe we have had a very good start to the year and we are on track to achieve this 
aspiration.  
Our primary objective is to outperform the industry on VNB growth over the medium term, 
even if our APE growth relative to the market may be influenced by the distribution 
strategies of some of our partners. Towards this, we believe all the necessary levers 
continue to be available with us. 
Thank you and I now hand over the call to Satyan before taking the questions from you. 
Thank you. 
Satyan Jambunathan, CFO: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Our primary focus continues to be to grow the 
absolute Value of New Business through the 4P strategy of Premium growth, Protection 
business growth, Persistency improvement and Productivity enhancement. 
The first element of Premium growth: We continue to leverage on our innovative and 
comprehensive suite of products, distribution strength, robust technology and strong risk 
management architecture. Coming to product performance on slide 15, we have 
registered a strong growth year-on-year across all product segments except group funds 
business which tends to be lumpy in nature. For the quarter, our annuity business grew 
by 69%, non-linked saving grew by 41%, and protection grew by 22% year-on-year. Linked 
savings business growth has been moderate due to volatile market conditions in Q1-
FY2023. The regular premium variant of our annuity product contributed to almost 40% of 
annuity APE while the return of premium variant of our protection product contributed to 
18% of the retail protection APE. Both of these were relatively newer product launches in 
our stable.  
With this, our overall APE saw a growth of 25% year-on-year to ` 15.20 billion for Q1- 
FY2023.  
With an APE of ` 0.98 billion in Q1-FY2023, we were one of the largest pension and annuity 
providers in the market. The mix of annuity in terms of new business received premium 
was about 18%. Our wholly owned subsidiary ICICI Prudential Pension Fund Management 
Company Limited, distributes products under the National Pension System and is 
registered as a Pension Fund Manager (PFM). This business is synergistic to our annuity 
offerings, and is expected to support the growth of the annuity business in the future. The 
AUM managed by the PFM has increased by 40.4% over June 2021 to ` 117.4 billion at 
June 2022. The PFM has a market share of 14.8% in the private sector AUM at June 30, 
2022.  

 
6 
 
Moving on to distribution, we have continued to enhance our distribution network across 
channels. In the agency channel, we have added more than 6,800 new agents. Within the 
Bancassurance channel, we now have a total of 30 bank partnerships. On partnership 
distribution, we have added 13 partnerships during the quarter, and now have more than 
800 partnerships across traditional and non-traditional distributors, such as web 
aggregators, payment banks, small finance banks, and insurance marketing firms. For the 
direct channel, the strategy has been that of upsell to our existing customers, aided by 
analytics, and leveraging synergies between physical upsell and online digital sales 
processes.  
Coming to the performance of these distribution channels on slide 18, we saw a strong 
growth across most distribution channels. Our Bancassurance channel APE grew by 12% 
year-on-year to ` 5.28 billion in Q1-FY2023. Within this, bank partnership other than ICICI 
Bank grew by 71% year-on-year. Our agency channel APE grew by 25% year-on-year to ` 
3.41 billion. Our direct channel, which is primarily a unit-linked dominated segment, 
remained flat primarily owing to the volatility in the market. Our partnership and group 
channels grew by 66% and 50% respectively in Q1-FY2023 over the same period last year. 
The second element of Protection growth on slide 20, with an APE of ` 3.30 billion, the 
protection segment saw a growth of 22% over Q1-FY2022. Our total New Business Sum 
Assured stood at ` 2.21 trillion for Q1-FY2023, a growth of 25% year-on-year. As Kannan 
mentioned, we had the highest overall market share of 15.8% for the quarter, a significant 
improvement over 14.7% in Q1-FY2022. While supply side challenges persisted in the 
retail protection segment, we continue to take advantage of the opportunity available in 
the group segment, specifically on group credit life products. 
The third element of Persistency improvement on slide 22. We continue to have a strong 
focus on improving the quality of business and customer retention, which is reflected 
across all cohorts. Our 13th month and 49th month persistency ratios improved to 85.5% 
and 65.0% respectively at June end.  
The fourth element of Productivity enhancement on slide 24. Our overall cost to total 
weighted received premium ratio stood higher at 23.8% for Q1-FY2023 as against the 
19.9% for the same period last year. Similarly, our cost to TWRP ratio for the savings 
business stood higher at 16.9% primarily on account of decline in the renewal premium. 
While the absolute expenses are higher as compared to Q1-FY2022, the new business 
growth is higher than the growth in expenses, and we would therefore not expect margins 
to be adversely impacted because of expenses.  
Additionally, we have also included details on our data excellence center on slide 39. It 
enables us to gain a deeper understanding of customers by analyzing the information of 
customers, their behavior and interactions, and thereby enables us to provide a more 
personalized and positive experience to every customer at every phase of their journey. 
We will continue to invest more in data science and data analytics, which continue to be 
central to our strategy, aiding us to provide better value to our customers. 
The outcome of our focus on these 4P’s on slide 25 has resulted in the VNB of ` 4.71 billion 
for Q1-FY2023, a growth of 31.6% over Q1-FY2022. Given our APE of ` 15.2 billion, the 
resultant margin was 31.0% for Q1-FY2023 as compared to 29.4% in Q1-FY2022. While 

 
7 
 
this increase in VNB is primarily on account of shift in underlying product mix, we continue 
to focus on absolute VNB growth, which is a stated objective. As the product mix evolves 
over the rest of the year, the VNB margin is expected to move in line with the underlying 
product mix. 
Coming to the financial metrics, our Profit After Tax for Q1-FY2023 was ` 1.56 billion 
compared to a loss of ` 1.86 billion in Q1-FY2022, primarily on account of significantly 
lower claims and provisions due to COVID-19. For the quarter, of the IBNR provision held 
to ` 0.24 billion last year, we received COVID-19 claims amounting to ` 0.16 billion. So far, 
we have got less than 10 claims pertaining to deaths due to COVID-19 in Q1-FY2023, but 
we will continue to monitor the emerging mortality experience closely. We also continue 
to hold IBNR provisions of ` 0.24 billion at June 30, 2022. 
Our Solvency ratio continue to be strong at 203.6% at June 2022 and our AUM stood at ` 
2.3 trillion. 
Before I conclude, I would like to give a brief update on our ESG initiatives for Q1-FY2023. 
Given the nature of our business, we have focused on the ESG themes of human capital, 
responsible investing, governance and business ethics, data privacy and security, access 
to finance, environment, and Corporate Social Responsibility.  
We have released our FY2022 ESG report during the quarter. As Kannan mentioned earlier, 
FTSE Russell has improved our ESG rating score from 3.3 to 3.7. And we have also been 
part of the FTSE4Good Index since last year. We have also instituted a Diversity Council 
chaired by our Chief Distribution Officer with an objective to steer the agenda of equal 
opportunity, diversity and inclusion in alignment with business needs and priorities along 
with reviewing diversity metrics and evaluating progress on diversity and inclusion goals. 
With this, I conclude our ESG approach and initiatives. We believe ESG integration is an 
ongoing and evolving process and we are committed to progress on it. 
To summarize, we will monitor ourselves on the 4P framework of Premium growth, 
Protection business growth, Persistency improvement, and Productivity enhancement to 
improve expense ratios. Our performance on these dimensions is what we expect to feed 
into our VNB growth over time. Thank you and we are now happy to take any questions 
that you may have. 
 
Questions and Answers 
 
Sanketh Godha: If I do a back calculation of the numbers, I see that individual protection 
has clearly declined by almost 40% in the current year. So, just wanted to understand that 
whether any revival we can expect in that particular business going ahead? And second 
point with respect to the protection, you said the group protection growth of 70 odd 
percentage is what we reported. How sustainable it is? And I just wanted to understand 
anything with respect to reinsurance with respect to the particular segment which could 
have a bearing probably going head. I just wanted to understand the sustainability of the 

 
8 
 
particular business, whether it is credit life lead growth or GTL lead growth and how do 
you see it playing out going ahead? Sir, that’s my first question. Maybe another regarding 
margin, I have one more. 
N. S. Kannan: Let me start off. Then I would request Amit and Satyan to supplement. So, 
as you know, on the first question on the retail protection, we have had challenges, not 
just for us, across the industry in terms of supply side challenges during the pandemic to 
run the retail protection business. On our part, being a long tail business, we decided to 
stay clear of undesired profiles, and the mortality risk arising out of the pandemic 
environment. We focused on continuously improving our processes and customer 
experience. On the numbers you talked about, what I can tell you is that we have come to 
a stage where sequentially the numbers have stabilized now. So, we are not seeing any 
significant sequential decline of the business. And if you look at the last year, the initial 
part of the year started off well, and later on, the retail business went down. So, I think 
somewhere around the third quarter of the current financial year, you can expect the 
crossover to happen and put out a year-on-year growth on retail protection business. That 
is what we feel. So, what we would do from our side to ensure that this happens, is that 
we will continuously recalibrate our protection strategy and we will work on decongesting 
the process for our priority customers as well as partners. That's one approach we have. 
And we are also working on pitching the appropriate sum assured as per the eligibility and 
we will work on process improvement. Those are the two areas where we are working on 
and we believe that that will yield the desired results as we move along. The frequent 
process changes we used to have partly driven by our own tight underwriting guidelines 
and reinsurers changing the underwriting guidelines that is sort of behind us and the 
processes are now stable. So, that is what I can indicate to you. So, to summarize, from a 
numbers perspective, actually to start with, towards Q3, numbers going up to put a year-
on-year growth in retail protection is how we are looking at. Now your second question, 
probably in a way for us it's a related question, it’s about group protection business. Group 
protection, be it the credit life or group term, has really come in handy in the context of 
weakness in the retail protection for us to put out a good growth in the overall protection 
business at around 22%. Now, the way we look at group term business, is that it is a 
strategy and a core business line for us for a number of years. It's not that we have started 
doing the business opportunistically only during this period. So, we have over several 
years invested in the business; in the people, in the leadership and strong distribution 
network and the dedicated sales team. This is what is yielding results today. And we have 
been focusing on large corporates having COVID-19 protocols for employees. You talked 
about the risk arising out of that business, we believe that we have a risk calibrated pricing 
methodology reflecting the underlying risk, which we believe we have undertaken 
appropriately. On your retention question for group protection, we retain only up to ` 20 
lakh, that is ` 2 million, whereas the rest is reinsured. We have not changed our approach 
to group business because it can be a lumpy business, so you want to be careful about 
that. We also worked with reinsurers very closely to get the optimal price for every 
transaction. It's more of a transaction-based approach rather than a carpet bombing 
approach. Accordingly, the price would vary from scheme to scheme reflecting the 
underlying risk. Another way we look at it is, it's not that we win 100% of the deals. We 
win some deals. There are several deals we let go that are not VNB accretive for us. So, 
that also sort of gives checks and balance in terms of whether we are calibrating the 
business properly. And the last point I want to say from a risk mitigation perspective is that 
the risk actually pertains for only one year, and we monitor the claims experience very 

 
9 
 
closely. So, it's not such a long tail experience, and we are not seeing any alarming trends 
at all at this point on the claims experience. So, to finally answer your question on numbers 
again in this line, yes, the base is strong. I know that last year, we did a good growth. But 
actually I would say that the Q1 experience slightly surprised us on the positive side, 
because the growth has been quite good in this. Yes, as we go along, we may have to look 
at the next set of corporates without compromising on risk. But we are quite confident at 
this stage of growing the group term business even with the stiff base that we are likely to 
have. So, that is how I will answer the two questions you had. I will hand it over to Amit, 
Satyan to see if they want to add anything.  
Amit Palta: Kannan, you have fairly covered the question both on group as well as retail. 
Just to supplement on group business, it has been very appropriately put that the 
investment has happened over a long period of time. And for the growth that we have 
seen, is largely on account of us through our distribution team being present where the 
demand is. And that is quite evident from the way even large corporates have looked at 
including more and more employees and offer higher and higher sum assured. So, by 
being present at the right time, at the right place where the demand was, we have been 
able to capitalize on growth further, which is quite evident on almost 40% plus growth on 
the number of lives that now we have covered in group vis-a-vis Q1-FY2022. So, that just 
substantiates the point the Kannan made, it is about being present there where the 
demand was and being concentrated in corporates, where there is a strong protocol of 
COVID-19 and hence, we are fairly protected in terms of quality of business that we are 
writing on group. On retail protection, if I were to supplement, Kannan spoke about the 
fact that we are going through a transition. We will continue to stay focused on 
decongesting process for our priority customers, priority partners. But at the same time, 
we need to understand that any business which is outside a priority customer or a priority 
partner is undergoing a big regime shift from the way protection was sold till the changes 
were incorporated from FY2020. So, imagine, distribution regime for 4 or 5 years when 
protection was largely seen as a product meant more for affluent customers to now 
moving to a regime which is more about calibrated approach on risk is a huge shift from 
the way it was sold earlier to the way it is expected to be sold now. For our very diverse 
distribution that you have, typically this transition takes longer than one would expect. So, 
we believe that it's a transition phase. It's like distribution aligning it to new way of pitching 
protection. And we are quite confident as the country is moving beyond affluent segments 
and becoming more meaningful for mass and mass affluent as well, the recalibrated 
approach will play out and distribution will also align to the new way of selling protection.  
Sanketh Godha: But just if anything with respect to reinsurance, with respect to the group 
business, it remains the same as it is, the way it happened with the individual business, it 
is not the case with the group business, right? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The group business anyway tends to be light touch underwriting. It 
tends to be more of a class underwriting as opposed to individual underwriting. We have 
spoken about this before in the context of the pandemic, there was some pandemic-related 
price increase which happened to the short-term group business that is now starting to 
come off. So, to that extent, I don't think reinsurance is having any constraining influence 
or challenge as far as group business growth is concerned. 

 
10 
 
Sanketh Godha: Another question was that though you highlighted that the underlying 
product mix led to the margin expansion, just wanted to know given our cost ratio 
compared to what it was last year which was 19.9%, now it is 23.8%, which is little higher. 
Despite that, the margins have expanded. So, should I consider that growth opportunities 
might have played a role, the margins now being built on the budgeted cost, which we 
expect to normalize and therefore the margins were better? Given even your RFR has gone 
up, that also played a role in margin expansion. 
Satyan Jambunathan: First of all, the cost ratio as the cost to total premium is a bit of a 
challenging metric, because it also includes renewal premium. And you know, we have 
had a decline in renewal premium and that makes the ratio look worse. And like I spoke in 
my remarks, the absolute increase in costs has been less than new business, which means 
that compared to the same period last year, given that absolute cost growth is lesser than 
top-line growth, actually versus same period, cost ratios which are relevant for margins 
have improved. But in the way we are doing the margin at the quarter end, you know how 
we do it. We take the actual for one period and then project it for the rest, which we true 
up through the year. So, we are not taking a more aggressive cost assumption than last 
year at all. But this is something that we anyway true up as we go through the year. So, 
like I spoke in my comments as well, I really at this stage do not expect this to be adverse 
on margins. 
 
Avinash Singh: Couple of questions. One on that the reduction in steepness in the yield 
curve. Has that had any sort of impact on your non-par products saving margins? And the 
other question is I mean again that is going on the retail protection mostly. That now you 
have added ROP product to address sort of a certain set of customers. And ROP will 
typically have a reasonable premium size. In terms of number of policies and not just for 
you, for the entire industry, there's a kind of a decline on the retail protection side even on 
the lower base of last year. Is that some kind of throwing some challenge for the industry 
that I mean we have sort of covered a reasonable addressable market as far as the retail 
protection business?  
Satyan Jambunathan: On the first question on the yield curve, steepness impacting 
margins, that is not the case. The yield curve steepness actually affects prospective pricing 
that we offer to customers. We review the price each month and reflect the appropriate 
underlying expected returns, whatever the steepness of the yield curve and whatever the 
terms of the FRA that we get. So, to that extent, it doesn't. What affects margin therefore 
is the spread that I maintain, and not really the way the steepness of the yield curve is 
moving. To your second question with respect to number of policies overall and also 
protection and protection penetration, Amit can talk about it in more detail.  
Amit Palta: Specific on ROP business, as you know that this is one product which was 
expected to create a category and I would like to walk back during the phase when 
protection penetration was at its early stages and the early success that protection saw 
was in the affluent segment. And it was only over the closer period, which is FY2018 and 
FY2019 is where we started seeing penetration reaching geographies beyond top cities 
and reaching segments which were beyond affluent; I am talking about mass and mass 
affluent. So, iPROP as a product category, serves mass and mass affluent customers more 

 
11 
 
in comparison to what you would typically see as a demand from affluent customer 
segments. So, it's a journey. It is going to create category over a period of time. And as 
you see penetration growing beyond the affluent and reaching geographies beyond where 
we have been present in the past, you will see this product category also grow over a 
period of time. At the early stages, we have seen in industry, the contribution of ROP 
business has been limited to 15% to 18% company to company, and this is something 
with penetration is expected to show an upside over a period of time, but it will not happen 
in a hurry. It will take its time because I believe it's a transition period. 
Satyan Jambunathan: With respect to your question on having hit a wall on protection 
penetration in terms of coverage, I think there's a fairly obvious answer. Even now, our 
expectation or assessment is that just about 12% to 13% of addressable market has any 
kind of term life. 
Avinash Singh: No. So, it's a data sort of diverging. I totally agree, I mean all the things 
you see there is always so much of protection gap even I mean whichever metrics we use. 
It's fine. The affluent market, but the way I mean that's my question that we have seen 
ticket size increase here because of the pricing. ROP product that also tends to have certain 
higher ticket size and yet we are struggling to sort of grow retail protection on a larger 
base. Not just for you. I mean that's a phenomena for kind of the industry. So, that is where 
is that really,  industry has over activated the addressable market or something of that sort 
because this is now we are talking on a base that is relatively favorable and we are seeing 
the price increase. Yet even the value premium value is not growing. So, is that okay there 
is some sort of misunderstanding or are we overestimating this addressable target market 
as far as retail is concerned? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The only thing I would say is, we have been discussing this for a 
while now. The way term business was underwritten two years back pre-pandemic, to the 
way it is underwritten now is a completely different world. The way term business was 
pitched by distributors to the way it is pitch now is different. So, when process changes 
dramatically, there is always an adjustment period, and therefore both Kannan and Amit 
were referring to in their comments. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Just two small questions from my side. Firstly, congratulations on 
improving persistency across products, and you normally report it on a yearly basis, but if 
I can get some sense on the persistency that you're seeing on your guaranteed return 
product. And if you're seeing some level of higher surrenders for certain customer cohorts 
who are probably kind of renewing their money on maybe some new policies at higher 
rate?  
Satyan Jambunathan: Our journey in the non- par is a very recent one. Practically twelve 
months back, we had a trivial, non-par business. But from what we have, clearly we are 
seeing no such behavior. I think the one thing that we need to keep in mind is for a 
customer to exit an existing policy and re-enter into a new policy at a higher rate means 
he loses his first premium practically. And if you stay longer, you can lose more. Now, 
when I add it all together, I suspect it may need a far more dramatic increase in yields for 
that to even start to make sense to any individual. So, I don't really expect that kind of a 

 
12 
 
behavior to happen on the regular pay guaranteed return products. That may well be a risk 
for a single pay where surrender values can be quite high. But for regular pay, I really do 
not expect that to be a risk anywhere in the foreseeable future. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: With the same guaranteed return products, you mentioned that with a 
rising rate environment, there is a chance that the product might lose a part of its 
competitiveness to other savings products. But if I see month-on-month journey of this 
product over the last 4 months and without just looking at the quarterly growth, have you 
seen any tapering out of demand on a month-on-month even going into the second 
quarter? 
N. S. Kannan: Not yet. I was just highlighting it whenever the interest rate reversal cycle 
happens, when the banks start increasing their deposit rates, which has not yet happened 
fully, and that is the time I was saying that it might possibly impact the demand. So, not 
yet we are seeing to answer your question. And over a period of time also, we could look 
at participating products gaining more popularity at that time. But now that we have a 
much diversified product mix, we are quite indifferent to it. But I just wanted to highlight 
the risk that once the bank deposits go up across the banks, at that time possibly the going 
a little bit of more demand for bank deposits away from guaranteed products can happen 
is what I was highlighting, but we are not seeing it as of now. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: First is on the protection side, how is the trend from the top of the funnel 
because the numbers in volume terms are very sharp decline and when COVID-19 started 
we were of the opinion that we will see 3-4 years of strong growth in protection health 
insurance. But across the segments, the growth has been quite disappointing. So, are we 
seeing any trends that the demand of the product itself has come down in the last twelve 
months and how the trend is on the top of the funnel? Second is last four years, we have 
done really well, we will probably be able to double our VNB. But how are we thinking 
about FY2023 to FY2027, next 4 years, in terms of growth? 
N. S. Kannan: I will request Amit and Satyan to talk about the demand at the top of the 
funnel. From my perspective, several escalations come to me saying that we want to buy 
protection, you are not issuing. That is anecdotal evidence, I think they can explain better, 
I will request Satyan and Amit. On the second issue of going beyond this financial year, 
how do we see the VNB development? What we have said is that while we get more 
diversified in terms of the products and channel, that part has been done, but going 
forward, we are quite cognizant of the priorities of some of the channel partners changing. 
So, what we have guided is that our VNB development despite what happens to the top 
line would be broadly in line with the industry's VNB development. So, yes, we have not 
given a sense of doubling in four years in a sharp manner. But we have said that our VNB 
share will not lag or we will grow in line with the VNB development of the industry in spite 
of anything happening on the topline. The levers available, the new banks are available in 
terms of further increasing the productivity. We continue to add lots of partners to our 
existing ecosystem. That part will continue. Product mix, if it moves away from ULIP 
towards some of other products, it is margin accretive. If retail protection revives, which 
we are hoping, that is again margin accretive. So, those levers and margin are available. 
And persistency, as you have seen the numbers, it's doing much better than our 

 
13 
 
assumptions. So, that could also give us some kicker in terms of margins. So, we will push 
both top line and margin, but net-net, we will ensure that we grow in line with the industry 
as far as the VNB is concerned. So, let me just pass it back to Amit and Satyan to talk about 
the demand for protection whether it is continuing or how do you see it emerging.  
Amit Palta: Let me answer this question into two parts, because there is no single answer 
to your question on the top end of the funnel on protection. So, if I were to look at a 
customer as an individual customer who would experience protection as a proposition 
and when I look at platform like group, I see number of customers who could have come 
through any platform and they chose to get covered on the group platform. That increase 
in funnel is clearly visible. Otherwise as you know, premiums in group business actually 
has come down over last year, because last year there was a COVID-19 provisioning on 
the pricing, the way it was done. This year despite pricing coming down, number of lives 
actually has gone up tremendously. So, almost 40% increase in the number of lives and 
40% increase in the sum assured is what we are witnessing where the customers are 
coming on a platform, which is not retail. But if you ask me same customer could have 
actually come through a retail platform as well. So, what we see is a difference in the funnel 
creation that is happening on the retail side. And the indications are that in terms of looking 
at searches on Google and the way we have seen visits on websites, yes, you are right, on 
the retail side, we have seen a drop on the number of visits that you have on the websites, 
whether it is ours or whether what has been reported by some of the other players who 
are active on web. And even though the conversions from the visits still remain almost 
similar, however, the number of visits have come down. Like I mentioned earlier as well, 
it could have been largely also because of the process being very different, process being 
very different from what it used to be earlier even when the customer himself was 
approaching for protection. It should settle once both customers as well as distribution 
align to a newer way of purchasing protection. I guess this is a place, this is a stage where 
everyone including customers will have to settle into taking protection in a different way. 
So, it's a mixed way. There's no one answer. On one side, we are seeing top of the funnel 
increasing. On the other side, we are seeing number of visits on websites as well as on 
other platforms coming down. 
Satyan Jambunathan: Just one other thing I would add to that is that during the peak of 
the pandemic, we actually saw an unnatural spike in visits and we have discussed this in 
the past that we said that the pandemic may structurally improve awareness, but the 
unnatural spike arising out of fear will go down. That's not going to stay. So, again to that 
extent what Amit described is quite consistent with what we have always been expecting 
with respect to the pandemic driven pattern of the top of the funnel. 
Nidhesh Jain: Could it be the case that the group business may be cannibalizing the retail 
business because those customers are getting a very good cover at a lower rate as a group 
business itself? 
N. S. Kannan: That will be only through employment. 
Amit Palta: I wish, I could analyze it that as deep. But I would like to believe that one is 
through employment and other is through open market. So, probably difficult to really 
gauge at this point in time. 

 
14 
 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just the first one on agency. We have seen growth improve. It's now 
close to APE average for the corporate. I am just trying to dissect it based on agent growth 
versus say productivity improvement and mix. So, agent growth is only 5%. So, is there 
an active agent growth that’s faster or can you help us also split it out into product mix 
and productivity? 
Amit Palta: On agency, let me segment our effort on agency channel into way we manage 
this through what we call it as managing our value agents, value agency we call it 
internally. So, value agency is typically targeted towards reaching out to affluent 
customers and they have a vintage with us which is proven over a long period of time. 
And this segment of our value agency typically contributes close to around 45% to 50%. 
Then 30% to 35% of our business typically, which is actually as high as 40% to 45% in the 
initial part of the year, which is done through our retail advisor activation and then the 
remaining part is what we do it through a new advisor addition. So, new advisor addition 
is actually in the initial part of the year is much smaller proportion of the overall output that 
we deliver from our agency channel. As you go deep into the year, you will realize that 
new agency or new agent licenses that you write in first few quarters eventually go on to 
increase contribution to close to around 15% to 20%. We expect that by the time on a full 
year basis we exit Q4, you will see new agency contribution growing to 20% to 25%. So, 
coming to our agency growth of 24% to 25%, it has been largely driven through new 
product introductions. We have introduced annuity regular premium product as a new 
variant, which has been really seen as a good product diversification tool for the customers 
and that is what has been lapped up by our value agents and has seen very good success. 
Today, mix on annuity has grown into double digits for agency channel and that is one 
product which is relatively higher on ticket size as well, which has contributed to our 
growth. Non-participating guaranteed products again has become a very good asset 
allocation tool for our value agents and has given our agents a choice to have something 
outside unit-linked as a primary proposition for affluent customers. So, that is something, 
which again has contributed towards overall growth. And coming to the growth that you 
have seen in agency, this by the way is relatively muted because of what we have 
experienced on volatility in the market in the month of June. So, as you know, the ULIP 
mix specifically on our value agency is as high as close to 40% to 45%, which means that 
they were impacted adversely in the month of June. So, our investment in creating 
capacity in agency is something that we initiated in the latter part of last year. And we do 
believe that adding new agency will help us license more advisors, activate more advisors 
and probably grow in productivity as we go deep into the year. As you know, this is a long 
gestation channel. It takes time for a new employee to hire, activate, build capability and 
deliver productivity. So, that is something that will pan out over the remaining part of the 
year. 
Shyam Srinivasan: If you can help us understand what is competitive dynamics here. And 
using in individual regular premium sum assured as the market share and trying to 
compare,  I don't know whether it’s the right thing, you talk about the 15.8% which is total 
sum assured market share. But if I were to look at individual regular premium and there 
are companies which are at the higher end of the market share, which are growing fastest. 
And the bunch of the 3 or 4 which are similar market share are struggling with the 

 
15 
 
exception of say SBI Life, I am just calling out a name. So, help us understand what is the 
competitive dynamics around why some companies are doing better, worse? 
Satyan Jambunathan: On the sum assured, the one thing to keep in mind is those that are 
doing well in savings are also naturally doing well on sum assured because sum assured 
is 10x the premium. So, the growth that you are seeing for many of the companies that 
are doing well on savings is reflected in protection and its sum assured. And the sum 
assured for individual is not only a reflection of retail protection. It's very hard to 
disaggregate it and say what is happening, but from what we have as an understanding of 
the dynamics, it is not as if anybody is doing substantially better than anybody else in retail 
protection. There are probably months that one company does better in one month, 
another company does better in another month and the third in the third month. But at 
least so far if I were to take the last 12 to 15 months, I cannot come across a single instance 
of a company that has done substantially better than anybody else in the last 15 months. 
 
Deepika Mundra: Just two questions from my side. So, on the regulatory front, do you 
think that there is a scope for the regulators contemplating using commissions as a tool to 
basically improve penetration in the industry? 
N. S. Kannan: I have not heard of anything being looked at on the commission. I think they 
will be completely focused on giving the growth targets that you have seen happen. They 
are talking about ease of doing business and potentially they are talking about doing some 
RBC kind of a step. So, those were the facilitative measures I believe they will focus on 
rather than looking at commission as a thing. Maybe my colleague, Deepak, can answer 
this question in case he has got anything of commission being used as a tool. The only 
thing from our side we are representing is to relax the commission regime and the expense 
regime for the pension line of business. We believe that the pension line of business is 
heavily underpenetrated. Pension assets as a percentage of GDP is very low in the country. 
So, in those areas I do believe that there is a scope for a thing. But I have not heard 
anything from the regulator side of using commission as a tool for expanding the 
penetration. Deepak, do you want to add anything to this? 
Deepak Kinger: No, Kannan. I think you have put it right. 
Deepika Mundra: Demand for savings products. If you think that we are likely to see a 
prolonged period of high inflation, do you see any risk to any particular categories of 
products in terms of premium growth? 
N. S. Kannan: If the prolonged period of inflation results in rates going up and some of our 
competing instruments like bank deposit rates go up, then possibly the demand for 
guaranteed products can get a little bit impacted, but normally what I have seen is that this 
kind of inflationary environment is very good for the earnings growth of companies. So, 
the equity markets can do well. And potentially because of that, the demand could shift 
towards the unit linked products or participating products where participating products, 
for example, we do have a little bit of equity being allocated. So, the good news, from our 
perspective is that we are today in a situation where our product mix is well diversified 
and we don't have any specific preference to one line of business over the other. So, we 

 
16 
 
should be quite okay. What we should be looking at is whether overall demand for 
insurance goes down in an environment which we do not think will happen. 
Deepika Mundra: And just one last thing, in case of risk-based solvency and you see a 
significant increase in your capital ratios. Could you walk us through your thought process 
on how would you deploy all this excess capital? 
N. S. Kannan: If I look at the economic capital-based solvency, we would be closer to 400% 
depending on what the Regulator stipulates. So, given that, what will happen is that the 
capital will be used internally for other lines of business. What I mean by that is that I do 
not see Regulator coming and approving dividending out the excess capital. No regulators 
I think will allow that to happen. So, what they will do is that probably we can grow the 
business without resorting to external capital. So, that is what is going to happen is what 
we believe. And they may put certain caps on how much of diversification benefits to be 
taken, because there are a lot of calculations involved in arriving at the solvency 
requirements based on risk based capital. So, all-in-all, it will be good, but it will give us a 
good capital for running businesses like protection even more optimal manner than what 
we are doing currently. Any other thoughts Satyan or anybody has on this? 
Satyan Jambunathan: I think that's fine Kannan. So, what it really does is it increases our 
capacity and we don't have to worry about capital management in the short-term or don't 
have to think about raising capital in the short-term. So, equity dilution becomes a bit more 
distant if you move to this kind of a structure. 
 
Sanketh Godha: My one question is with respect to the distribution with ICICI Bank given 
it has declined almost 11% in the current quarter. How do we see this channel going 
ahead? Maybe that's one thing. And second, the non-ICICI banks have done phenomenally 
well in the quarter. Just wanted to understand what kind of market shares you have 
reached the new relationship or are there other levers available for us to grow in those 
relationships? 
N. S. Kannan: Let me start the question, then I will ask Amit to supplement the answer for 
both your questions. The first question is around ICICI Bank. Yes, you have spotted it to 
say that it's already down to 20%. From our perspective, we see ICICI Bank focuses on 
retail protection and annuity predominantly and ULIP is available to be sold in that 
platform. Given this product mix, what's happened to ULIP is that it has got impacted due 
to market volatility. So, obviously the channel growth has got impacted. If you look at retail 
protection, we know the challenges we have on the ground. So, that is the reason why 
that has got impacted. Unlike other channels, ICICI Bank doesn't sell the traditional 
products or non-linked products in the savings line of business. So, the impact has been 
quite huge in terms of the sales from ICICI Bank channel given the current environment. 
What I believe is that ICICI Bank performance will continue to mirror the pace of the eco-
system revival in retail protection and the market volatility. But if you look at our channel 
perspective in terms of distribution mix, now the other banks have become 15%. It used 
to be 4%, three years back. Now we are at 15%. Agency is 22%, direct is 11%, partnership 
is 11%, group is 21%. So, given that and the fact that we have put in place is growth levers 
with other channels, we believe that we are quite insulated in terms of the topline 

 
17 
 
development. So, this is what I can say at this moment. So, we will not bother about this 
too much because some of these elements I said about protection as well as ULIP are 
environment linked. So, no point in bothering about it too much. We would focus on all 
the channels including ICICI Bank and we will continue to focus on building alternate 
product streams across channels and take the ICICI Bank business share as a natural 
outcome of this effort. Coming to non-ICICI Bank, I think that it's grown very well. 70% 
growth we have seen year-on-year. So, that is very positive thing for us. Now I will request 
Amit to talk about non-ICICI Bank in terms of the shares. You talked about for us vis-a-vis 
the other insurers in those shops.  
Amit Palta: Across non-ICICI Bancassurance as well as what we have in partnership 
distribution channels, which are multi-insurer, I guess our ability to stay competitive and 
gain market share has improved phenomenally over a period of last 2 to 3 years ever since 
we have started adding products to our overall portfolio. So, while participating products 
or non-linked products were there in the basket, but eventually the targeted focus in adding 
value, looking at customer insights, looking at distribution feedback and building newer 
propositions has been our area of work over a period of last 24 months. And that is 
something which is holding us in good stead. And hence I do believe that the work of past 
is what is reflecting today in terms of outcome on growth on non-ICICI channels. And we 
want to believe that through our system integration, through our seamless ability to work 
closely with our partners, to be able to understand and build relationships at the ground 
level, we will leverage our diversified product mix in the portfolio to stay competitive in 
the shops and create differentiation and maintain growth over a period of next few 
quarters. 
Sanketh Godha: But just wanted to know in that this growth will be more now in line with 
the bank growth or you have still market share levers available in this non-ICICI bank 
channels to drive the growth better than the overall channel growth for all players put 
together? 
Amit Palta: Lot of our partnerships, has been built with a commitment between us as well 
as the partner right at the time when we got into partnership was that we will work towards 
growing the pie. Eventually, us taking away share of somebody else maybe of lot of 
interest to me, but it will end up being very futile exercise will be at the cost of revenue for 
our partner. So, we have stayed true to the philosophy and the commitment right at the 
time when we forged this partnership and that has been the effort. We have looked at 
customer spaces and customer segments. We have looked at geographies where current 
productivities of our partners have been lower and we have put much targeted focus there 
to get incremental business, not just for us, but also as an incremental revenue for our 
partner. So, to that extent, yes, you are right. We would like to believe that we want to 
align to the overall growth for the partner that is the first and the foremost philosophy that 
we agreed with our partners. So, I want to grow along with my partner growing. Taking 
away share is going to happen. Sometimes we will take away share, sometimes somebody 
else will take away share, because this is a competitive space and we have a lot of respect 
for competition. They also come out with products which are innovative. So, there will be 
various times during the year where your product may be more competitive vis-a-vis 
others. So, it will keep moving up and down, but for the sake of partner, I think it is more 
important that overall their revenue growth and all of us grow together in this. 

 
18 
 
Sanketh Godha: And then finally on annuity business. This again as a segment has done 
well. As you highlighted that last quarter, 40% of the business came from the regular 
premium paying plan. Sir, just wanted to understand given it is regular in nature, the 
average ticket size naturally increases in APE term. So, it's more of an optical increase or 
it is NOP net increase, number of policies sold increase, the whole idea I wanted to 
understand on annuity business? 
Satyan Jambunathan: I don't quite understand what you mean by optical increase. 
Fundamentally, it is adding to APE and VNB. 
Sanketh Godha: My simple point Satyan was that, the regular pay at APE per policy might 
be much higher compared to a single premium contract in APE term. So, it was NOP-led 
or a ticket size-led. Sir, that's the whole idea I just wanted to understand, because this was 
not there till fourth quarter for us. 
Satyan Jambunathan: It is NOP led. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: Number one, can you split the growth in group protection between GTI 
and credit protect. So, how much has each segment grown on a year-over-year basis? 
And second question on the annuity business. What percentage of the annuity sales is the 
pension corpus converting into an annuity? And what is sort of the normal business sale 
of annuity? And the related question would be, how do you ensure that the pension corpus 
converts into annuity with ICICI Prudential Life and not through with any other company? 
I just wanted to get a sense of how do you ensure that and what are the current retention 
rates so to say? 
Satyan Jambunathan: We tend to give the split in a detailed fashion for protection once in 
a year. But I can tell you this at a broad level within group, this quarter, credit life did much 
better than the group term. Coming to your second question on annuities converting from 
pension products. The NPS conversion will still take some years to happen. Right now, it 
is about building a presence there starting to catch the pipeline early and then build the 
proposition around it, but the significant explosion in opportunity is more like 5 to 10 years 
away. This is more of investing for the future.  
Amit Palta: On annuity side, the way we track business internally is, one is an opportunity 
that Satyan spoke about that NPS is actually expected to explode later, probably a decade 
later. But also currently there are NPS maturing customers which we track separately for 
central government employees. That is one stream of annuity business that we track 
closely. Second is, as you know, that even whether you purchase a pension product with 
the insurers or you pick up a regular savings product with insurer or you pick up any non-
insurance savings product, virtually all these products eventually serve the accumulation 
purpose of the customer. Once the accumulation happens is when the decision is taken 
by the customer to go for annuity, which means when a customer starts approaching an 
age where the annuity need to legitimately start, which is probably 58 to 60 years is where 
the product becomes relevant. And hence, we are very keen on looking at how our 
distribution is aligned to reach out to customers who are nearing that life stage and then 
make a proposition assuming that the surplus and accumulation has been done, if not 

 
19 
 
through pension product, but through a savings product or through any other savings 
products that may be available outside insurance industry as well. And third is like what 
you mentioned, we look at all our internal maturity customers as well. And we see all the 
maturing customers whose age is closer to 55 to 58. We would like to offer annuity also 
as an option because that becomes a natural first choice for the customer to go in for once 
the maturity proceeds are in-hand. So, at this point in time, of course NPS maturity 
customers are much lower. Open market is more where a customer is being approached 
by distributors who is focusing on the retired segment. And then of course, maturity base 
is something that we have visibility on what we have on our base.  
 
Monal Sanghvi: There's a slight understanding that I need. Actually just trying to 
understand how these numbers work. So, there is a negative income from investment and 
we still reported a profit for the period. So, how does this calculation function? Could you 
please help me with that? 
Satyan Jambunathan: If you see my disclosures, in the performance note that is attached 
to the results pack, there is a segment where we are breaking up the investment income 
between unit-linked and non-linked. You will notice that the decline in the investment 
income has come in the unit-linked space. And the unit-linked product construct is such 
that whatever is the investment income goes into liability. So, that is P&L neutral. If you 
see the other than unit-linked business, investment income on other than unit-linked 
business over the same period last year is more modest change and that also a lot of that 
in the savings products is reflected as a contra in the liability side. So, the profit that you 
see is actually the net outcome in the unit-linked business of charges less expenses. For 
the protection product, it is premium less claims less expenses. Investment income doesn't 
become a very big determinant of profit, unless it is a guarantee that our product where 
the investment income is far above what we have promised to the customer. 
Monal Sanghvi: But I am still confused. The number makes sense. But I am still confused 
how we still manage to report profit. The place where I am most confused is the transfer 
to shareholders, the amount that we transfer, how do we commit that amount despite 
having a negative impact? Because I understand you have a higher exposure to equities 
than most other insurers, right? 
Satyan Jambunathan: It's not just about equity. It is also fixed income with interest rates 
going up, even that has the mark-to-market negative on unit-linked. So, like I said, what 
comes out as profit eventually for the unit-linked is charges less expenses. Investment 
income has a very trivial role to play. What comes out as profit in protection is premium 
less provision for future claims less actual claims for the period less expenses. Investment 
income has a very small role to play in that. The transfers that you are seeing from 
policyholder to shareholders is actually reflecting the segmental surplus. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Sir, we are hearing that the Regulator may allow life insurance companies 
to sell health insurance policies. So, what are your views on that? Do you see that 
possibility and how that will benefit us? 

 
20 
 
N. S. Kannan: Overall focus of the Regulator is around both life insurance as well as health 
insurance penetration. So, our case to the Regulator has been that morbidity assessment 
is closer to mortality assessment. So, we are quite well equipped to manufacture these 
products. And second, we have a very large distribution compared to any other category 
of players in the insurance industry, be it health insurance, life insurance or general 
insurance. So, we feel that we are in a probably a better position to increase the 
penetration of health insurance. Those are the two points. And third point is really that we 
are requesting for status quo ante to be maintained because till 2015, we were writing this 
business. So, that is the basis on which we have been asking for this business to be given 
to us. So, we don't know when and what form it will be allowed. But we are hopeful that 
over a period of time, in some form, it will get opened up for us. So, if it gets opened up, 
our position is that we would very much like to write this business and distribute through 
our distributors, these products. Yes, of course, we will have to build some capabilities 
with respect to the hospital ecosystem or a third-party agent’s ecosystem and third-party 
administrators ecosystem and so on. And that is something we will see as we go along 
how and what form it gets opened up. But having run the business till 2015, we are quite 
confident that we should be able to run the business. That also will be good from 
completion of a customer proposition from a customer's perspective, stickiness of the 
business can increase and potentially the margins can also increase. So, that's the way we 
are looking at this business. So, we would be extremely happy and delighted if something 
like this happens. 
 
 
Ajox Frederick: That was my question actually. Thank you for that answer. 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Wanted to understand, are we seeing higher surrenders, the higher-
tenure buckets because renewals seems to have been going down, the pool itself is 
correcting despite persistency improving. So, wanted your thoughts here. 
N. S. Kannan: We are not seeing any such pattern in terms of surrenders. We are actually 
doing better than what we did in the first quarter of the last financial year in terms of 
percentage getting surrendered out of the eligible surrender pool. Of course, as the 
business and scale increases, the absolute value may go up, but we don't have any 
concerns and none of this is anything which is beyond what we have assumed in our 
computations. Satyan, you want to add to that? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Nothing, Kannan. I think that captures it. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Assuming similar product mix and 23% kind of ask rate what we have, 
let's say, at that 23%, largely for APE is around 18%. So, given, let's say, if we assume 
some moderation, what are the thoughts. Will we still be able to achieve this 23% or there 
might be likely some bit of lag in terms of reaching that 23% target? 

 
21 
 
N. S. Kannan: You are talking about the 23% in the context of VNB growth for the current 
financial year? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: If I look at this 23% and if assuming the status quo in the sense of the 
current divergence between VNB and APE, the ask rate of APE is around 18% and the 
moderation what we saw recently in the recent month June. And maybe further some 
impact coming from the recent macro environment without taking any divergence 
between the current mix toward this ULIP or par, are we still hopeful to kind of deliver this 
23% or how should one look at it and I just wanted your more general thoughts on this. 
N. S. Kannan: You have talked about specifically June and the trends currently. So, the 
way we look at it is that sequentially we have grown by 20% from May to June despite all 
the issues of the market and volatility which I talked about. So, you should also note that 
while we have diversified and have done a good job of swinging the company so to say 
from 80% ULIP to a 40% ULIP, 40% is still high. So, that is something which we need to 
focus on. And whenever you look at the year-on-year metric, it should always adjust for 
the base because last year base was different for different quarters. For example, in April 
to May, we got a delta variant impact. From January and February of current calendar year, 
we had Omicron. So, there was a productivity loss. So, year-on-year, there could always 
be ups and downs when you look at the year-on-year growth. So, the best way to run the 
business we believe as an executive management at this stage is focus on managing the 
sequential momentum and which is quite good in terms of how June has grown over May. 
So, we will focus on that. In terms of your question on how do we get comfortable in this 
context getting to VNB target, as I said, we have done a good start to the year with 32%. 
We have already built some cushion in terms of target versus what we have achieved. And 
I also talked about base effect will kick in for some months at least through the year. Then 
again if you look at our own discourse on retail protection, you said that around Q3, it will 
start growing. And I'm hoping that till Q3, there would be a good momentum coming in 
the group term. So, given this, I think the mix of protection continuing to be robust will 
give us a kicker in margin compared to last year of 28% margin. And any short-term 
momentum shift from ULIP to non-ULIP is actually margin accretive. So, that is what I 
meant by saying that these are some of the 3 or 4 levers, which are available to us, which 
can be used to get to that 22.5% growth number on VNB. So, these are the levers. This is 
broadly our thinking. And if you put all this together, to answer your question, we do 
believe at this stage the 22.5% growth in VNB is quite possible.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: One question on VNB. I think on the earlier question of RFR impact on 
the VNB expansion. Can you quantify it how much that has led to in our overall expansion 
in the VNB margin? 
Satyan Jambunathan: We have not quantified that, but if you broadly apply last year 
segmental margins to product mix, you will get it in the same ballpark. So, there has not 
been a significant impact out of other parameters. 
 
Jayant Kharote: First question is on the guaranteed products. So, that share is now moved 
up to around 38% on the non-linked savings overall as a percentage of APE. Is there any 

 
22 
 
internal limit or internal deadline for us because it seems this is a product that is driving 
the growth right now? 
N. S. Kannan: As long as there is a capacity to do FRA and as far as we are sensible in 
giving a rate, which is lower than what we can earn, we don't require any limits to be put 
in this business. 
Jayant Kharote: So, you are comfortable with that? 
Satyan Jambunathan: But first of all, I think you will have to look at how we are working 
out the proportion of non-linked. The number that you are quoting is not correct at all.  
Jayant Kharote: So, if I just remove ULIP from your savings mix? 
Satyan Jambunathan: We also do participating business.  
Jayant Kharote: Sir, is that a meaningful number sir, now? I thought that business was 
growing slowly for us. 
N S Kannan: We entered in the non-participating much later. We are a participating 
product company before we started guaranteed products. 
Jayant Kharote: Any idea of what could be the number on par? Around 22% was 
guaranteed for the full year. Is that a correct number? 
Satyan Jambunathan: We have not disclosed it separately. 
Jayant Kharote: Secondly, on the ROP product, is it fair to assume that given that this is 
targeted towards the mass affluent, the mortality expectations or assumptions over here 
would be, let's say, more conservative? Or the other way to ask is, are you on board with 
the reinsurers with this product and does your retention strategy change with the product? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Absolutely. ROP will have a higher expected mortality. That is 
reflected in the price. It is also reflected in the reinsurance arrangement. Retention in ROP 
is substantially lower than the retention in the pure term. 
Jayant Kharote: The follow-up to this, what is our expectation of growth in this segment, 
given that there would be some latent demand in this segment because the calibration 
would be more on picking up the affluent customer groups. So, why wouldn't ROP grow 
faster than the current levels? What is limiting it?  
Amit Palta: I mentioned as an answer to a question from one of your colleagues that this 
is a category that has been created, which is mass and mass affluent as you only 
articulated. And for a large part of the period between FY2015 to FY2020, protection mostly 
positioned for affluent customers. So, while there is a fair bit of awareness in the affluent 
segment, mass and mass affluent has only begun its journey. So, it's a category being 
created. You are right in your statement that it is more suited for mass customers and a 
lot of efforts need to be put in, in terms of awareness, building distribution capability to 
reach out to a newer customer segment with the proposition, which is on our ROP 
platform. So, right now, the fact that it has stayed at around 15% to 18% with various 

 
23 
 
insurers at this point in time. In terms of sheer number of customers that you have on 
mass and mass affluent, you are right as it has potential to grow much faster but probably 
with time, because new categories take time to settle. 
Jayant Kharote: And any preference to channel? I mean, your expectation this channel for 
us should be the drivers for these products. 
Amit Palta: The channel which has access to mass and mass affluent will have a natural 
advantage. So, it goes without saying channels like agency or any distribution partner who 
has a natural access to mass and mass affluent will have an advantageous position in 
comparison to some of the other partners. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: First one clarification, what we mentioned was that the margin 
expansion on a year-on-year basis was largely because of the product mix change with 
not very or probably negligible contribution from the reference rate change or for that 
matter any operating leverage would have done that in the quarter. 
Satyan Jambunathan: That's correct. 
Nischint Chawathe: The other thing is, as the composition of protection business changes 
where we probably looking at actual maybe some growth in the individual business in the 
second half of the year. And I guess even within the individual businesses we are talking 
about sort of the negative composition within segment, how should we really think of the 
overall protection margin that you are reporting? When you are kind of looking at these 
businesses, will you probably target a particular margin and then work numbers backward 
and kind of then focus on growth backward or VNB margin is just going to be an outcome 
of the individual segments and that this can be a little volatile? 
Satyan Jambunathan: The category margin will be an outcome. We are actually looking at 
it as three pools of profitability. Group term is a distinct business opportunity, credit life is 
a distinct business opportunity and retail is a distinct business opportunity. Relative growth 
will dictate segment margin. We are quite comfortable with that outcome happening. 
Nischint Chawathe: Typically, retail protection has been the more profitable if I understand, 
right? 
Satyan Jambunathan: That is correct. By a long way that is the most profitable. So, if we 
were to look ahead and get back to a situation where retail becomes more relevant part of 
the protection mix, I would expect that to be positive to the category margin.  
Nischint Chawathe: But probably for this year or maybe in the first 6 months probably that 
becomes probably a little bit of a drag on the margins. Is that the different way to think of 
this? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Yes. As long as the mix of protection stays stable and overall 
protection margin is better than portfolio margin, I would still see that as being the margin 
expanding outcome. So, you are right first six months, it's more likely to be group 
dominated. But I wouldn't be really too concerned about the margin outcome. 

 
24 
 
Nischint Chawathe: And within the protection business, if I really look at the segment of 
mass, mass affluent and affluent business? 
Satyan Jambunathan: That should not be very different in terms of margin. They should 
be broadly similar. What will drive the margin within retail protection is average term of 
the product. So, to the extent that my average age of customer is gravitating to a space 
closer to 30, with the 30 to 35 year term, it will be a better margin. But if there is for any 
reason a shift in the age mix that will have an impact because residual term may change. 
The term will be a bigger driver of margin than really the segment within that. 
Nischint Chawathe: And for now, do we have any trend to read? 
Satyan Jambunathan: Nothing. It still remains the young people preferred product 
category at this stage. 
 
Mohit Mangal: You had a COVID-19 claims of ` 0.16 billion and then again you had a 
closing provision of ` 0.24 billion. So, you added ` 0.24 billion again in this quarter in terms 
of provision? 
Satyan Jambunathan: From a net impact, it will be ` 0.24 billion I carried at the beginning. 
Out of which I consumed ` 0.16 billion. I was left with ` 0.08 billion, and I added back `0.16 
billion to take it back ` 0.24 billion. So, roughly in P&L terms the claims that are utilized in 
this period have raised it back into provision. So, I am just being a little bit more 
conservative on provisions compared to what it was last quarter. 
Mohit Mangal: So, just wondering that say if the markets remain floppy for the remainder 
part of the year, investment income could be more impacted in this year in terms of market 
movements? 
Satyan Jambunathan: From a P&L point of view, what will matter from investment income 
is how much am I realizing from shareholder funds or how much am I realizing out of 
excess investment income compared to what I have promised. And from an accounting 
point of view, fixed income is accounted at amortized cost. So, in the natural course, 
interest rate change is not going to affect my P&L, except if unless I am realizing any of 
that. That's the only circumstance under which it change. And you're right, if you have a 
situation where mark-to-markets are better, there is an ability to realize more. In a period 
where mark to markets are not as good, there is less ability to realize more. But it’s really 
coming from realization not strictly just from yield change.  
 
 
 

 
25 
 
N. S. Kannan: Thank you. I hope we have answered all the questions raised by you. In case 
there are any residual questions, please feel free to contact me or any of my team 
members. Thank you so much once again for joining the call. Have a good evening. Bye. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Certain 
statements in this transcript are forward-looking statements and are based upon what the 
Management of Company believes are reasonable as on the date of this transcript. The Company 
undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date thereof. 
