GREENPANEf
cPtL/2022_2023
)uly 25,2022
The Manager
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services
Floor 25, p. J. Towers, Dalal Street
Mumbai-400001
Scrip Code:542g57
The Manager
National Stock Exchange of tndia Limited
Exchange plaza, Bandra frrt. Compi",
Bandra (E),
Mumbai- 4OOO51
Symbol- GREENpANEL
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Conference call transcript
Please find enclosed conference call Transcript in respect of conference cart for rnvestors and
l lilTii:l fl .TJ,l'# i; i li i; l l ::: #f 
,. ; ; il# a, re s u, t s or c re e n p a n e, n d u st ri e s
The same is arso being made avairabre on the website of the company at
www. gree n p a n e l. co m/i n vesto r_co n fe re n ce_ca I I _t ra n sc ri pt/.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
For GREENPANEL TNDUSTRTES LtM|TED
lJ,utut"grt-f
(Lawkush p/rasad)
Encl.: As above
www.greenponel.com
Connectwithuson f , O
Greenponel lndustries Limited
Corporote Offi ce: Thopor House,
2nd Floor, 163, S.P. Mukherjee Rood,
Kolkoto, West Bengol - 700026
Tel No , +91 33 4OB4 0600
F : r9l 33 2464 5525
ACS:18675
BusinessOffice: 3rd Floor, plot No.6g, I ReqisteredOffice:
Sector-44, Gurugrom-I22003, Horyono, ] Voium Rood, Tinsukio 786125, Assom
Tet No.: +91 l?4 47A4600 
j cN raotoons?olTplco|E?7?
F: +91 124 4784699 
|
Emoil: info@greenponel.com I

 
 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Greenpanel Industries Limited  
Q1 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touch-tone telephone. Please 
note, that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir.  
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on the Greenpanel Industries’  
Q1 FY’23 conference call. We have with us today, Mr. Shobhan Mittal, Managing 
Director and Mr. V Venkatramani, CFO.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 

 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the result 
presentation that was sent to you earlier.  
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the proceedings of the call. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you, Rishab. A very warm welcome to everyone present and thank you for 
joining us today to discuss Greenpanel’s operating and financial performance of  
Q1 FY’23. MDF and Plywood volumes were marginally higher quarter-on-quarter, 
which is a positive beginning for the current year, since quarter one is normally a 
weak quarter compared to the immediately preceding Q4. MDF and Plywood 
volumes were higher by 11% and 44% respectively year-on-year. Net sales for the 
quarter were higher by 54% year-on-year and flat quarter-on-quarter. MDF and 
Plywood revenues were higher by 56% and 54% respectively.  
 
Total MDF volumes were higher by 11%. Domestic volumes were 26% higher, 
export volumes were 23% lower. MDF domestic sales are higher by 64%. Export 
revenues were 18% higher and total MDF revenues were higher by 54%. MDF 
domestic realizations were higher by 30%. Export realizations were higher by 52%, 
while blended realizations were 39% higher.  
 
Plywood realizations were higher by 9% year-on-year. Gross margins were up by 
539 basis points year-on-year at 61.6%. EBITDA margins were up by 688 basis points 
to 30% due to operational leverage in both the segments, continuous focus on 
reducing wastage, price improvements and superior product mix.  
 
PAT is up by 161% year-on-year to Rs. 77.6 crore. Net working capital days stands 
at 16 days, has shown a reduction of 18 days compared to year-on-year quarter. 
Net debt has reduced by Rs. 77 crores during the quarter and is negative to the 
extent of Rs. 17 crores as on 30th June, 2022. Gross Debt stands at Rs. 208 crores as 
on 30th June 2022.  
 

 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
I take pleasure in informing you that our Board has approved capital expenditure 
project for expansion of MDF capacity at Andhra Pradesh. We will be expanding the 
capacity by 231,000 cubic meters annually at a cost of approximately Rs. 600 crores.  
 
I will now request Mr. Venkatramani to run you through the financials in greater 
detail.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I thank you all for joining us to discuss the Q1 FY’23 
financial performance of Greenpanel Industries. In Q1, our top line increased by 
54% at Rs. 462.75 crores compared to Rs. 299.53 crores during the corresponding 
year-on-year quarter. Plywood sales grew by 56% at Rs. 70.85 crores, while MDF 
sales grew by 54% at Rs. 391.90 crores. 
 
MDF domestic revenues were higher by 64% at Rs. 328.22 crores, while export sales 
were higher by 18% at Rs. 63.68 crores. Plywood sales volumes rose by 43% at 2.51 
million square meters and MDF volumes increased by 11% at 125029 cubic meters. 
Uttarakhand MDF unit operated at 82%, AP plant at 80%, with blended capacity 
utilization at 81% for both the plants put together. Plywood unit operated at 90% 
during the quarter.  
 
In Q1, Gross Margin rose by 539 basis points year-on-year at 61.6% as compared to 
56.2% in the corresponding quarter. Gross Profit grew by 69% at Rs. 284.94 crore, 
as compared to Rs. 168.30 crores. EBITDA margins were up by 688 basis points at 
30.0% compared to 23.1%. EBITDA in value terms stood at Rs. 138.79 crore 
compared to Rs. 69.23 crore in Q1 FY’22. Profit After Tax increased by 161% at 
Rs.77.60 crores as compared to Rs. 29.74 crores. Our gross-debt-to-equity stands 
at 0.20 as on 30th June 2022 compared to 0.51 as on 30th June 2021. Net debt 
reduced by Rs. 77 crores during the quarter, to negative Rs. 17 crores as on 30th 
June 2022.  
 
That concludes my presentation. I will now request you to open the floor for the 
Q&A session. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from GMO. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi, Shobhanji. Hi, Venkatji. Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, if you take 
out the MDF volume, it was good. In QoQ also it was reasonably healthy, and the 
realization is also firm on the QoQ numbers. So, what explains the 130 basis points 
decline in the operating margin from 34.62 to around 33.3?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
It is primarily because, you know, we have lost the EPCG benefit because we have 
completed our export obligations in March. So EPCG benefit which contributed 
about 2.17% to the margins in Q4 last year, so that has been completely removed 
from the current quarter. So, the impact of that should have been higher, but we 
have been able to improve the gross margins. So, the impact on the EBITDA has 
been lower than what it would have been otherwise.  
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So, for the full year, the impact will be 2.1% lower for the entire year because of the 
EPCG benefit, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. So, it will depend on a variety of factors, not just the EPCG benefit. That is what 
the impact would be. But then, we cannot automatically assume that the first 
quarter performance will be replicated in future quarters. So, there could be raw 
material price hikes. We might not be able to pass on the full extent of those hikes 
to the consumers. There might be a slowdown in future quarters because of 
tightening of the economy and continuous rate increases by the RBI. So, I do not 
think we should imagine that one quarter performance will be replicated in all the 
future quarters.  
 
So, while our efforts will be on to ensure that our performance is replicated in 
future quarters, but I think that note of caution is required because I feel that steps 
taken by the RBI is likely to have some impact on the economy sooner or later.  
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
And how is the demand environment in MDF? How was the demand environment 
in the first quarter and how is the demand environment currently? Because the 
market we have seen a mixed wave. Some months we have seen the demand is 
good, some months, the demand is slightly tepid. So, how is the current 
environment? 

 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Sure. So, demand performance has been extremely encouraging in the first quarter 
because performance was similar to what we have achieved in Q4, whereas Q1 is 
traditionally a weak quarter and volumes are normally at a discount of 20% to 25% 
as compared to Q4. So, from that aspect, yes, Q1 performance has been 
encouraging and the performance during the current month of July is also 
encouraging till date.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Sneha Talreja: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers and thanks for the opportunity, sir. 
Would like to know more about new plant. You said that you would be spending Rs. 
600 odd crores for 231,000 cubic meters. By when we can see that extended 
capacity? And how it will be paid and what could you be, you know, looking at the 
peak debt number there?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think, the plant should start commercial production around Q1 FY’25. We should 
probably start trial production in the last quarter of FY’25 and commercial 
productions to start in… 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Actually…sorry, Venkat. I am interrupting here. I think we should…commercial 
production would probably start quarter two, FY25. Because of the longer lead 
times from the plant supplies. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. Sure. Okay. And so, I think, you know, we would assume that the plant 
achieves full capacity utilization in the third or the fourth year of operations.  
 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sure. Any greenfield plant being simultaneously planned?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No. Nothing at this point of time.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question, that is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Congratulation for the great performance once again. What I wanted to check; did 
I hear the Capex number right? You have mentioned 231,000 CBM for  
Rs. 600 crores?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That's correct.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
So, in that case, I am just trying to tally the number. If you look at the competitor, 
who is adding a brownfield 132,000 CBM for about Rs. 250 crore, that translates 
into about Rs. 19,000 per CBM Capex, while we are talking about Rs. 26,000 per 
CBM. Can you help us understand, because if I look at even ours, when it was a 
greenfield one in South, we had spent about Rs. 720 crores for 360,000 CBM, which 
translates into Rs. 20,000 per CBM. That was greenfield. So just perplexed in terms 
of, if you could clarify on this Capex per CBM? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, I will not be able to clarify the competitors’ numbers, because I do not know 
whether it is a European plant or a Chinese plant, and that could make a lot of 
difference with the comparison. As far as comparison with our older plant is 
concerned, yes, you are correct. There has been an inflation of about I think, 20%, 
22% as compared to the cost, which was finalized in 2016. So, yes, raw material 
costs have gone up substantially, especially steel prices. And there has also been a 
depreciation of the Rupee versus the Euro. If we consider the earlier plant at the 
time, Euro was about Rs. 73 and currently, it is about Rs. 81. So that has also 
contributed significantly to the difference in prices across, over the last six years.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood.  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Also, just to highlight here, MDF plant sizes, investment costs do not go up linear in 
relation to the capacity increase. So, it is not necessary that if the plant capacity is 
going up by 50%, that the investment costs will go up by 50%. It may only go up by 
15% to 20%. Now, since we are installing this plant in Andhra, there are two 
variations here. This is a specialized line, which would specialize in production of 
thin panels, for which long presses are not suitable which we currently have in our 
plants. Secondly, this would also be a very fast production line in terms of the speed 

 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
of the press to make it specialized for thin panels, which does add to investment 
costs because production of thin panels is more challenging because they happen 
at high speed, and it adds to the investment costs to a certain extent as well. And 
because of the various crisis going on in the world, raw material prices have gone 
up drastically. And hence that is also impacting the investment number to a certain 
extent. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. If I understand correctly, it is to do with A) the product, the thin panel what 
we are looking for and hence the capex is also higher apart from the cost and the 
currency. If I were to ask you, at full utilization, what kind of revenue and the ROCE 
it can generate? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, to some extent, it would depend on prices prevailing at that point of time. But 
I think if we consider that current domestic prices and current mix of domestic and 
export, so, then it should give peak revenues of about Rs. 770 crores. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. But if given the kind of capacity additions we are seeing from the competitors 
and the kind of price hike the industry has taken in last about a year or so, do you 
see the risk to the current price, not being able to sustain that a year down the line? 
And in that case, how do we look at this ROCE effectively? Is that mid-teen? Is that 
high-teens, 20s post tax? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, it will also depend on at what point we are looking at the ROCE. Whether we 
are looking at you know optimum capacity utilization or at the beginning or the 
middle. So, it will be different at different points of time. And regarding realizations, 
I think we are not really looking at a major capacity addition, like something which 
happened during 2018, when the country's capacity went up by 2.5x. So, this time 
this will be a more moderate kind of capacity increase, probably adding about 25% 
to 30% to the domestic capacity, and considering that the industry is growing at 
15%, I don't think it will have a long term impact on the realization, but yes, 
definitely we could expect some short-term impact on realizations, because I think 
three large capacities will be operational within a period of 12 months to 15 
months.  
 

 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
So, there is definitely bound to be some short-term impact on realizations. But in 
the medium and long-term, we are confident that the industry will grow at a fast 
pace and these capacities will be easily absorbed. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. If I may ask a couple of more questions sir, with respect to the exports. 
Can you help us understand, how is the freight rate? How it is moved on a year-on-
year basis, let us say for Q1 FY’23? What was the freight increase? And how much 
is the dollar price realization increase?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, there has been an increase of about 10% in freight rates in Q1 and I think we 
have taken about 6% increase in rates. Although, it has not been uniform across all 
customers. So, depending upon rates, increase in rates to different destinations, we 
have taken some price hikes, but yes, we have not passed on the full extent of the 
cost increase to the customers. So, post that, the export realizations for the current 
quarter are around Rs. 23,900.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. If you could give some clarity as to how the global MDF prices have moved 
compared to let us say, pre pandemic? How are they trading currently?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Shobhan, can you take that please?  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes. So, I mean, prices have moved up, which is also reflected in our own export 
business as well. However, with the dollar strengthening, prices have seen to 
stabilize and slightly started to sort of wean off and there has been a very slight, 3% 
to 4% reduction lately in the past month or two in the international markets. But 
they seem to be quite stable because that is being compensated because of the 
currency gain as well on account of the export business.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. Okay. Okay. Understood. And how do you look at these imports? How is it 
trending? And if you could help us in terms of landed cost, or the price difference 
between the landed cost of imports and the domestic price for thick and thin MDF, 
please?  
 

 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Imports have not shown any increase during the first quarter of this period. So, I 
think they continue to be on an average of approximately about 5,000 cubic meters 
per month. And without considering the movement in currency during the past one 
month, prior to that, thick MDF prices landed were approximately similar to 
domestic prices. And thin MDF prices were at a discount of 10% to domestic prices. 
But we will probably have to see that again at the end of July because of rupee 
depreciation.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And, sorry, just one clarification. As you said, you are not looking at 
significant capacity addition. Is it fair to say that the kind of current realization what 
we are seeing in the domestic market, that should sustain for at least next two, 
three quarters? Is that a fair assumption?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think it is a fair assumption. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ashish Kumar from 
Infinity Alternatives. Please go ahead.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Hi, sir. Congrats for a good set of numbers. A couple of questions. One is that, given 
the fact that the prices seem to be holding on, do you think that there is a scope for 
the guidance that you had given for the EBITDA margins for the full year to be 
around the current 33% or do you think that will kind of still you will hold on to your 
30% margins?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think, you know, it will depend on what kind of challenges we face on the raw 
material front and whether future demand environment is robust enough to permit 
us to take increase in prices. But looking at the current situation, I think probably 
we would be looking at a slight moderation of the operating margins, maybe 
somewhere around 26%- 27% for the remaining quarters this year.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
That's a big dip sir, given the fact that realizations are flat. Is the operating cost gone 
up by 5%, 6%?  
 

 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
We are expecting increase in chemical prices, because of significant price 
movements on crude. So, that could happen at any point of time. We are not sure 
whether that may happen in quarter two or quarter three, because there is no 
direct connection between crude prices and chemical prices, although they are all 
derivatives of crude, but sooner or later, you know, higher crude prices translate 
into higher chemical prices.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Right. Second question, sir, was around the capital allocation. Now that we have 
become net debt free, at a current run rate of a cash flow generation of roughly 
around Rs. 100 crore a quarter, our Capex over the next eight quarters is Rs. 600 
crores. So, we are going to obviously generate a substantial amount of free cash 
over this period of time. And I assume that because it is an export, it may be 
advantageous to take advantage of long-term, low-cost ECA facility, as well as part 
of the project funding. So, how do you see that? How do you see cash being 
distributed out? Or do you want to keep it on the balance sheet? Because the delta 
between the ROC and RoCE is dependent for kind of capital structure, because 
keeping cash does not generate enough. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think we will definitely be looking at an ECA borrowing, which would depend 
upon the quantum of imported machinery. But considering significant price 
differential between international and domestic interest rates, we will possibly be 
taking the full extent of the ECA borrowing which could be approximately around 
Rs. 225 crores to Rs. 230 crores. And I think we would probably do the balance with 
internal accruals. And regarding application of future cash flows, I think that would 
depend on how the economy pans out over the next 24 months.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Agreed, sir. But the fact is that we already are net debt free. We are sitting on Rs. 
300 crore of capital and we are generating Rs. 100 crore of cash a quarter. So, would 
it, given the fact that over the next eight quarters the cash requirement is only  
Rs. 360 crores. So, does it make sense to let us say, go out and do a live dividend or 
a buyback? Because obviously, the next quarter is Rs. 20 crore net cash, will look 
like Rs. 100 crore net cash situation, right.  
 

 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, we will also be repaying existing borrowings of around Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 60 
crores per annum. So, I think probably free cash flows will be around Rs. 70 crores- 
Rs. 75 crores per quarter. I think probably we could do the project without any 
borrowings, but I think it is healthy to have cashflows in hand at any point of time, 
because that could probably enable us to take advantage of good opportunities 
which are available in future. So, like I mentioned, we will be taking the ECA 
borrowing, but distribution of surplus cash will depend upon how the business pans 
out over the next two years.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure, sir. My limited point is that I agree with you to take the ECA borrowings, but 
the fact is cash on the balance sheet beyond net cash situation is returns diluted. 
And my request would be to for you to guys to think about as and when there is 
excess cash, to distribute back to the shareholders.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. We will definitely be thinking about that. But I also have a feeling that you 
should not be distributing surplus cash until you feel that there are no possible 
avenues for generating good returns which would probably compensate the 
shareholder better.  
 
Ashish Kumar: 
So, are we looking at diversification beyond MDF in terms of investing? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
At this point of time, we are not looking at any diversification. We are not looking 
at any other capital expenditure plans. But like I mentioned, we will be definitely 
considering distribution of surplus cash to shareholders, but the decision will be 
taken at an opportune time.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
My first question was on anti-dumping duty on import of Plain MDF which has 
expired on 30th March 2022. Sir, as per my knowledge, no new notification has been 
released by the department for extending the sale. So, are you seeing any traction 
in demand due to this duty removal? Sir, I am asking on the antidumping duty on 
import of MDF. Or will there be an increase in the import share of MDF?  

 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
No, I don't. Yes, hi, you are right. There is no new anti-dumping notification been 
issued and there's no current active protection measures for the domestic industry. 
However, going back to the antidumping, even when it was in place, it was not a 
blanket ban across all countries and many countries were still allowed to sell 
material to India, which was prevalent any which ways. So, we do not foresee that 
the removal of this antidumping is going to create an additional challenge for the 
domestic industry, especially given the circumstance that the international market 
pricing has gone up drastically. And the fact that the rupee is considerably weaker 
as opposed to past.  
 
If you talk about the cost in the coastal areas, that model has always been prevailing 
and obviously in coastal areas, there is the threat of competition from the imports. 
But the moment you start transporting material, then that benefit sort of weans off 
in my opinion, we do not foresee the non-existence duty is going to be any major 
challenge.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. Okay. My next question is sir, on the innovative products. Sir, are you 
currently looking for any innovative products in that MDF category which will help 
in maintaining our edge over the other peers?  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
We are considering certain products developments within the MDF family but 
maybe different grades to create more niche segments, will be such as relevant of 
the same. The trials are ongoing. So, we are in the process of doing that at this point 
of time.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, my last question is in the revenue expectation from the Capex. Sorry, I have not 
listened when you were telling that. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. Like I mentioned earlier, considering the current revenue mix of domestic and 
export, which is roughly 80% domestic and 20% exports, we are expecting revenue 
of about Rs. 770 crores at optimum capacity utilization and based on current prices.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
So, you are saying Rs. 1070 crore, right? If I am not getting it wrong. 

 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Rs. 770 crore.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. INR 770 crore. Okay. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sir, I wanted to know your percentage of volume and value mix of pre-lam and Plain 
MDF.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. So, during the current quarter, so I will put it like this. Plain MDF contributed 
about 106,000 cubic meters and pre-lam contributed about 17,000 cubic meters. 
And apart from this, apart from this, flooring contributed 1,486 cubic meters and 
veneered MDF contributed 51 cubic meters. So overall, MDF volumes were 125,029 
cubic meters.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Yes, sir. And sir, do you plan to take or increase the proportion of pre-lam MDF 
going forward, because they have higher realizations and margins according to my 
understanding. 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Basically, the market ratio of pre-laminate versus plain is fairly sort of constant and 
consistent. Idea is, be assured, I mean, it is always a push for us to increase the 
percentage of pre laminated share, because as you rightly said that it is high value 
addition and more profitable. But there is a limit to how much more of as a 
percentage that can increase because that market trend of consumption remains 
fairly constant you know as a percentage. For example, in the particleboard 
segment, the consumption of pre-laminated particle board is much higher 
compared to that of the MDF segment because particle board is only focused on 
the OEM segment, whereas when it comes to MDF, there are many other 
applications which go into the skeleton of the products where pre laminated may 
not be suitable. But sure, as a company, there is always a push for increase of pre 
laminated MDF. 
 

 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Okay. Okay, sir. So, with the EPCG benefit now being realized completely, will you 
be reducing your exports all the more going forward?  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
You see, exports currently is a profitable proposition for us. Sure domestic is of 
more preference but export is also profitable. And it is a good sort of balancing 
factor for us in terms of dividing our risk, as well as dependent on the domestic 
demand. So, we will continue to have some allocation for exports. Please also do 
note that while the new plant is commissioned, we will have a substantial imported 
element in that as well, which will further create additional export obligation and 
then it would also support in bringing the new manufacturing facility up to optimum 
production capacity in a faster time, Hence, we would like to keep the export 
business running based on that as well.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. Sir, what would be the volume and value mix for export and domestic 
currently?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Like I mentioned, the ratio is about 80:20. So, and out of the total volumes of 
125,029 cubic meters, domestic sales were 98,428 cubic meters and export 
volumes are 26,601 cubic meters.  
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay, sir. Okay, great. And sir, just one last question. You plan to take on debt for 
the new plant that is that has been commissioned, that has been approved. So, like 
when do you plan to take the debt and what would be the cost of borrowing? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, I think most of the borrowings will happen in the next financial year when the 
components are imported from Europe, and the bulk of the debt will probably be 
an ECA borrowing from German banks. So, at the moment I will not be able to give 
you a specific cost of the debt, but yes, an ECA borrowing is far more economical 
than domestic borrowing, even if we consider the currency hedging costs.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
 

 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir this MDF utilization of 81%, how much can it max out in your 660,000 CBM? And 
this capacity of yours, what max revenue is possible?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think, at the moment, I will say that we can achieve 100% capacity utilization 
because I do not know how far beyond 100%, we can go unless we actually reach 
that stage. So, I would say we can achieve around 660,000 to 665,000 cubic meters 
on that capacity. And revenue to some extent will depend upon the mix of domestic 
and exports that we will be doing. So, probably I think if we look at 85%,15% ratio 
for FY’ 24, I think we will be doing approximately Rs. 2,000 crore revenue from the 
existing capacity.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And your new capacity will come in FY’25, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That is correct. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, what kind of volume growth do you expect for this year, i.e., FY’23? So, you did 
about 495,000 tons last year. You will fully utilize the capacity this year?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, definitely not. I think you know that the steps that central banks across the 
world and also the rate increases by the RBI is going to have some impact on the 
economy. So, although we are not very sure about when that will happen, whether 
it will happen in the second quarter or the third quarter, but we feel that it is going 
to have some impact sooner or later on discretionary spending by consumers. So, I 
think we are looking at a 10% to 12% volume growth in the MDF segment during 
the current financial year.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly sir, so why did you call out for a margin of 26% versus 30% of last 
year and 33% of quarter one or 31% to 32%? Why did you call out a margin of 26% 
in MDF? I was unable to comprehend your comments there. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. So, crude prices have increased significantly, and we have not seen any 
increase in chemical prices since January this year. In fact, we had seen some 
reduction in chemical prices during the beginning of the year. So, I think at some 
point of time, although there is no direct timing difference between increase in 

 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
crude prices and increase in our chemical prices, which are basically derivatives of 
crude, but at some point of time, we think that the difference will catch up and we 
will see some increase in chemical prices.  
 
Now, depending upon the demand conditions in the domestic market, we may not 
be able to pass on the full extent of those cost increases to the market. So, yes, 
considering that we might not be able to pass on the cost increases, I had forecasted 
lower EBITDA margin for the remaining period during the current financial year.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, is it your estimate or it is actually happening in your opinion? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
It is my estimate. Or rather I would say, it is our estimate.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, as of now you think that chemical prices will rise based on your experience?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, we think that. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
That's fine. You will not be able to take the price hike? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No. I am not saying that we will not be able to take the price hike, but what I am 
saying is that our ability to take price hikes will depend upon demand conditions at 
that point of time.  
 
Moderator: 
And next question is from the line of Balaji Vaidyanath from NAFA Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Just wanted to check in terms of this wax effluent plant that, I mean, we did this 
brownfield, and it was supposed to save a lot of spillage and wax etc. So, have we 
seen the full benefit of that, or we can still expect some more benefits to accrue 
due to this brownfield?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, the major part of the major part of that benefit is already reflected in the Q1 
numbers. But probably a very small part could be realized in the second quarter. 

 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
But yes, you are correct, I would say, almost 90% of that benefit is already reflected 
in the current numbers.  
 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Okay. And so, I mean, so this is not going to offset any increase in chemical prices, 
right?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, no. Like I already explained when we were discussing that capital expenditure 
last year, so, wax machinery was only going to give me a benefit of about, I think 
Rs. 50 lakh per month. That is what I had said at that point of time.  
 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Okay. So, also sir, on this new facility that you mentioned, is in the same premises 
as that of our existing Andhra facility? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That's correct.  
 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
And in terms of technology, if you could help us understand, I mean, your existing 
South facility is state of art with world-class German machineries. So, this new 
incremental capacity is all going to be the same or it is going to be anything different 
that we can expect? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes. So basically, I mean the technology is fairly similar. It is a European continuous 
press that we will be installing. Basically, the idea is that this line, which specializes 
in production of thin panels, because the existing press in the South plant is very 
long. So, it is good for producing high capacity. But the moment you start producing 
thin panels on this, the capacity drops drastically due to limitations of the press 
speed. Hence, the capacity drops very drastically, and hence, we do not currently 
service that segment of thin panels, especially from the South plant.  
 
So, this line is, let us say designed to be specialized in thin panel production line, 
which would give us an opportunity to cater to this thin panel segment, which 
consists almost 30% to 40% of the MDF market.  
 
Balaij Vaidyanath: 
Okay. Shobhanji, I just had one question related to international markets. We are 
currently seeing a lot of turbulence in the energy market, especially in Europe, with 

 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
no power costs actually spiraling out of control. So just wanted to get your 
perspective on the kind of MDF capacity that is there in Europe and whether some 
facilities have become unviable because of this current power situation and 
whether some facilities are shut down, and will that kind of keep the overall prices 
under check?  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
As of now, you see, I mean it has not directly impacted the MDF industry or its 
pricing per se, because if facilities started to shut down or curtail production, prices 
will start inching up. So, as of now, prices seem to remain quite stable, to be honest 
with you. I think the impact of this is yet to be seen and may take some more time. 
I think it will also become more prevalent when the wintertime is arriving in Europe, 
to be honest with you. But as of as of this point of time, I do not think it is affecting 
the markets internationally per se. And moreover so, I think it will not impact us as 
a company to a large extent because European MDF production or mills in that 
region, are in no sort of competition or in similar markets is actually also as us. We 
are primarily catering to Southeast Asia and Middle East, whereas, the European 
mills are very, very focused on the local markets. So, it would not have any adverse 
or positive effect for us, to be honest with you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from Augmenta 
Research. Please go ahead.  
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, actually I wanted to ask in the last Concall, 
you mentioned that the likes of Vietnam and Indonesia are exporting to the U.S. or 
that used to be substantial exporters to India, and now they are exporting furniture 
to the USA. And given that, like you are mentioning that the margins could crop 
down to 26%. So can you also mention impact on the realizations? Like currently, 
we are talking blended realizations of Rs. 30,000 per cubic meter. So, basically, 
where can we see the realization by the end of this financial year? And what is the 
overall supply demand scenario in the overall market?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, the supply demand scenario continues to be comfortable, because there is not 
any major capacity coming up this year. We are only expecting one new capacity of 
130,000 cubic meters to be operational in the second half of the year. And it is 

 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
difficult for me to give you an estimate of what realizations could be at the end of 
the year, because like I mentioned, in case of increase in raw material, our ability 
to pass on those costs to the consumer will depend upon demand conditions at that 
point of time. So, while we are comfortable with the existing realizations, at this 
point of time, we are unable to confirm whether we would be able to take the 
further price increases without impacting volume in case there is an increase in raw 
material costs.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Preet Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Preet Jain: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. My question is for Shobhanji, Sir, on the 
unorganized side, currently, we are seeing in the investor presentation that 
unorganized capacity has increased to almost 30%. So sir, is unorganized 
competition a threat to our domestic industry, or they are just gaining the market 
share of imports, as imports have been currently reduced? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
It is a mix of both, to be honest with you. I mean, the unorganized sector is definitely 
to a certain extent posing a threat to the domestic industry as well. There are also 
some malpractices going on with regards to the grading of the product and in the 
process and in fact, invoicing practices as well. So, I mean, it is a mix of both. It is a 
threat to us as well, as well as certain portion of the market share of imports which 
is the price sensitive segment, is being taken away as well. So, yes, I mean, to 
answer it plainly, it is not just imports, it is a threat to us as well. 
 
Preet Jain: 
So, sir, in which region are they expanding? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay to put some further details to your question. So, most of the unorganized MDF 
producers are based out of Northern India. Only one plant is based in South India. 
And you are right, although, they have significant presence in terms of capacity, in 
terms of market share, they are far lower. Just to give you a picture. In terms of 
capacities, they are probably about 30%-32% of the total market, whereas in terms 
of market share, there would probably be somewhere between 18% to 20%.  
 

 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
And like I mentioned, they thrive primarily on invoicing practices. They provide 
invoice only for a certain part of the total material value and the balance amount is 
settled in cash.  
 
Preet Jain: 
And I have another question, sir. The margin guideline which you gave, 25%-26% 
that are on broad bases or are only of MDF? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. So, I mentioned 26%, 27%, that is for MDF. So, I think Plywood margins should 
be around the current levels of around 11% to 11.5%.  
 
Moderator: 
And next question is a follow up from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, any color on the timber price? How is it moved to the north and south 
respectively over the last one quarter and also on YoY basis?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. There has been hardly any movement in timber prices in southern India. 
Whereas in northern India, I think over the past one quarter, I think we have 
probably seen movement of about 4% to 5% in northern India.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
And on YoY basis? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
YoY? Just one second.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
And similarly, if you could also talk about the blended chemical cost increase on 
QoQ and YoY basis? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. I think YoY there has been about 20% price increase in Northern India.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
And in South? It is the same? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
South, it is probably about a 4% increase.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. And we are about chemical, sir, in same fashion, QoQ and YoY? 

 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
 
V. Venkatramani:  
QoQ, there has not been any movement in chemical prices, and year-on-year, of 
course, there has been a major increase, I would say, probably about 30%,35% 
increase in chemical prices year-on-year.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
And sorry, if I am harping on this, what would be the, out of the total cost, how 
much wood we timber and how much of the chemical for MDF business, sir? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, pre-COVID, we used to have a ratio of 65% wood and 35% chemicals, but at 
current prices, timber and chemicals have an almost equal share.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And just one clarification on the Capex. If the if the steel price actually 
comes down, or normalizes, how is our contract structure? Would we get to benefit 
out of that are we still end up paying the same what we are committing right now? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
We would end up paying the same amount and that also goes for if there is an 
increase in steel prices. So, our prices are fixed irrespective of movement in raw 
material. We do not lose out in case of inflation, and we will not get the benefit of 
any price reduction. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And if you could, I do not know if you can, what is EBITDA margin for South 
and the North plant for first quarter? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
For the first quarter, North plant was 31.8%, South plant was 34.3% and the blended 
was 33.3%.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. And for the export for the first quarter?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
We do not maintain any records, which would enable us to give you an answer. So, 
that is just my own estimation. So, I think it is probably around 15% to 16%, but that 
is a very rough estimate.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shubham Thorat from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
 
Shubham Thorat: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for the robust numbers for the first quarter. So, 
my question is that, how do you think the input cost inflation environment will pan 
out in the coming future?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, it is very difficult for me to say how demand will, whether demand will be 
stable or will improve or will reduce, because there are so many variables. But yes, 
I think due to increase in interest rates and tightening up of the economy across the 
world, and even India, central banks are increasing rates all over the world. So, I 
think we will feel that impacts of those increasing interest rates. I think that could 
lead to a slowdown in demand as far as the real estate housing is concerned, and 
sooner or later that's also going to impact our business volumes. 
 
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, my question is that you are saying that newer Capex will start earning revenue 
from FY’ 2023, quarter two. Then sir, how are you going to see the results or the 
growth in financial year ‘23 and ‘24?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. So, if you look at, the last year, we did volumes of about 495,000 cubic 
meters, including domestic and export. And at full capacity we can produce with 
660,000 cubic meters. We have almost 30% scope for increasing volume growth 
over the next two years. From 495,000 cubic meter to 660,000 cubic meters. 
 
Anika Mittal: 
So, what are your revenue expectations for financial year ‘23 and ‘24? What is the 
revenue growth expectations?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think we will probably do around Rs. 1,900 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores this year, and 
we are probably looking at somewhere around Rs. 2,200 crores to Rs. 2,300 crores 
in FY’24. 
 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Preet Jain, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
 
Preet Jain: 
Sir, my question is that sir, on the Capex side, sir, you are telling that the new plant 
which is coming can generate maximum Rs. 770 crores of revenue, which turns to 
be investment turnover of 1.25. Do you do not think that it is on the lower side of 
the current plant?  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. See, we are not very sure about whether we will be able to have the same mix 
of value-added products at that new plant, because we will probably be attaining 
full capacity utilization around FY’27 or so. So, at the moment, we are considering 
lower revenue from the new plant, and there could always be changes in prices that 
could go both ways, higher or lower over the next three to four years. So, I think at 
this point of time, it is just a very rough estimate. And I think probably we could give 
you a better forecast just before the plant is scheduled to commence operations.  
 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I now hand the conference back to the management for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
We thank everyone for joining this call. We also look forward to speaking to 
everyone over the last call. If anyone has any further questions or clarifications, 
please do reach out to us. And we wish everyone, a very good evening and good 
weekend.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out to attend this conference, and I wish you 
all a good day and a happy weekend. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Greenpanel Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines  
 
 
 
