
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Bank of Maharashtra Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI A S RAJEEV – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
SHRI A B VIJAYAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANK OF MAHARASHTRA  
SHRI ASHEESH PANDEY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
GENERAL MANAGERS, BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Bank of Maharashtra Q1 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us from the management, Shri A S Rajeev, Managing Director, 
and CEO; Shri A B Vijayakumar, Executive Director; Shri Asheesh Pandey, Executive Director, 
and all General Managers of the bank. I now hand the conference over to Shri A S Rajeev. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
So, very good afternoon to all Today, our results are approved by the board of directors for the 
quarter ended June'22. This was one of the best quarter and the number of areas the bank has 
improved its figures and the number of figures are actually one of the best  as compared with the 
past quarters. 
The total business grew by around 18% to reach Rs.3,36,470 crores, total deposits up by 12% 
with Rs.1,95,909 crores, CASA stood at 56% of the total deposits, gross advances increased by 
27% to Rs.1,40,561 crores. CD ratio increased to 72%. Gross NPA improved to 3.74%. Net 
NPA improved to 0.88%. Provision coverage ratio improved to 95%. Net profit up by 117% to 
Rs.452 crores. Operating profit is Rs.1,202 crores in spite of the bank as per the revised 
accounting policy depreciation of investments of around Rs.200 crores we have debited to other 
income accounts. And another one item as corresponding to last year, our profit on sale of 
investments was around Rs.240 crores. This year because of the market movement real profit 
was only Rs.75 to Rs.80 crores So, that also reduction has happened. And third point is last year 
PSLC certificate bank was able to get around Rs.75 to 80 crores in Q1. This year because of the 
market availability we were able to get only Rs.2 to Rs.3 crores profits. So, around Rs.500 crores 
reduction. So, this operating profit of Rs.1,200 crores which is slightly not up to the mark. 
Basically last year Q1, our profit on sale of investment was around Rs.240 crores which has 
come down to Rs.75 crores for the current year, that means almost around Rs.160 crores 
reduction in profit on sale of investments. In addition to that around Rs.200 crores depreciation 
has happened during the Q1 because of the movement in prices. 
Second point is that other income is reduced by around Rs.75 crores as compared to Q1. Last 
year, we could able to sell at around Rs.75 crores PSLC certificate, but the current year we were 
not able to do that because of the market movement. In spite of that, our operating profit was 
improved to Rs.1,202 crores, that is basically the main core operating profit and increase in net 
interest income of 20% this growth rate, bank was able to grow the operating profit. And net 
interest margin improved to 3.28% and cost-to-income ratio improved to 40%. ROA improved 
to 0.81% and return of equity improved to 16.75%. CRAR improved to 16.15%, of which tier-1 
capital is 12.16%. So, this has been the profitability ratios. 
As regards asset quality is concerned, our SMA numbers have improved a lot. In case of SMA-
2, those numbers above Rs.1 crore, which only Rs.569 crores, of which SMA-2 is Rs.230 crores 
and SMA-1 is Rs.339 crores, which constitutes only 0.40%, that means SMA-1 percentage is of 
the total gross advances is 0.24% and SMA-2 is 0.16% in case of Rs.1 crore deposit. In case of 
slippage during the current quarter was Rs.697 crores, out of that one single account was around 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Rs.280 crores, that is UP-based sugar account. So, 100% provision we have made. Barring that, 
all the asset quality ratios especially in case of gross and net NPAs are reduced. 
As far as recovery is concerned, during the current quarter Rs.400 crores recovery has happened 
in addition to Rs.120 crores prudential written-off account recovery. So, the net slippage was 
around Rs.100 crores. As you are aware that during Q1, there were little disturbances regarding 
transfers and debtor recoveries could able to do that and the current year's recovery targets we 
have kept at Rs.3,000 crores and we are confident that we will be able to do that. And during the 
current quarter some of the big accounts like NARCL transfers or IL&FS or like that some of 
the accounts were in the pipeline and we are expecting around Rs.400 crores recoveries in 
pipeline in different stages and that will happen during the current quarter. 
All the ratios regarding key ratios have improved. And we feel that this is one of the best results 
as far as the Bank of Maharashtra is concerned and we will continue to do that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Ashok 
Ajmera from Ajcon Global Service Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I have got a couple of few observations and some questions. One is you said about the fresh 
slippages that one account of Rs.280 crores of sugar account slipped in, you made 100% 
provision. What is the status of this account and what are the prospects of recovery in this 
account and the asset coverage NPA of these accounts, can you give some color on that? And 
then we are having the recovery target you said of Rs.3,000 crores and in the coming quarter 
that is the July to September quarter you said you lined up NARCL and IL&FS about Rs.400 
crores. So, still there is a long gap in the remaining three quarters. So, from where this recovery 
will come? My other observation is on the credit side comparatively a slower credit growth and 
that too whatever credit growth has happened is more in the corporate. So, what are our plans 
and targets of this like our debt being a minimum lower base, we can still achieve higher target, 
so what are your thinking on that? And my last question is on investment losses which we are 
hearing now instead of the profits or lesser profits. So, going ahead, what do you see in your 
AFS portfolio because you've transferred about I think Rs.3,000 crores to HTM, but this AFS 
what are your views on this? So these are my few questions and observations in this first round 
of questioning. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Your first question regarding the recovery of that sugar account. I think our recovery, GM is 
here. he can give a color on that. 
Shri Prashant Khatavkar: This is UP-based sugar account so that has been slipped this time. So we made 100% provision 
on this. So in days to come we'll see that any regulation is possible or we'll take the account to 
NCLT, that plan is to be decided, so consortium will take a call. But we prudently made 100% 
provision so that we are protected from future losses. As far as this total recovery target was 
referred to as Rs.3,000 crores, this is a full year target, it's not a one quarter target, and of course, 
in the next quarter, we expect NARCL to happen, because that is long awaited, everybody knows 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
that. So, this time that transfer will happen in this quarter. IL&FS already the court order has 
been given. So that distribution whatever is realized is going to take place. Religare is one big 
account, where we expect resolution, it is already under pipeline. So, like that, there are certain 
big accounts and in terms of our retail recovery also we are continuing our efforts. So that way 
we are confident that we'll achieve this target. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
What I was telling is that actually we were able to only recover Rs.400 crores, but this Rs.400 
crores what I was telling in the pipeline, it should have been happening in Q1 itself, because that 
was the plan earlier, because money is in the personal account, only credit has to come or transfer 
of the account, definitely it will happen. So, this Q1 recovery of Rs.400 crores is postponed to 
Q2. But Q2 whatever is there that recovery will happen. So Rs.3,000 crores recovery is estimated 
but, according to me much more than we will be able to recover that, number one. And regarding 
the credit area, what you are talking about, our credit growth is around 27% to 28%. I think that 
would trigger. I think further it may be difficult to increase that even our expectation that 20% 
to 24% only happen, that is the corporate target given only 20% to 22% credit growth only. And 
so, credit is growing at the right of all segments about 20%. Of course, in case of corporate 
credit, it has happened; 33%, because the corporate is almost 40% to 41% with a band of 2% as 
per the board direction. So, 4,000 crores only the corporate has grown because that is why the 
ratio is slightly high. Out of these Rs.4,000 crores also, around Rs.2,000 crores is added 
basically, not really a big corporates it is a mid-corporate, Rs.100, 120 crores or something 
between 100-150 range mid-corporate accounts. And balance is already sanctioned, pipeline was 
there that we have released during the current quarter. Other growth rates of all segments for 
example, MSME, retail, housing all are growing at the rate of 22% to 25%. So, that growth rate 
will continue. Third point is regarding investments of AFS. Modified duration is 1.4. So, for the 
current quarter, our depreciation was Rs.200 crores when the rates moved around 70 basis points. 
So, afterwards, we have rebuilt the portfolio and the same modified duration will continue. In 
Q1, the rate was around 7.52, 7.53 level. As of now again 20 basis point rate has already come 
down. Now, we are sitting in positive appreciation only. So, even if it is increasing by another 
25 basis points by maximum market experts, but market as far as latest RBI reports and inflation, 
all these things are peaked and expectation is there may not be much increase in the interest 
rates. So, even if it is increasing at 25 basis points bank is protected from the yield. So we don't 
have any issue as far as AFS is concerned.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, our CASA overall has come down in this quarter from Rs.1,17,000 crores to Rs.1,09,000 
crores. Is it a conscious decision or only because in March it has increased because of certain 
regions of the government deposits or something. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
It was not a conscious decision because the CASA mainly has come down in case of current 
account and as you know that there was little instability in the government during that last quarter 
afterwards, some of the transfers from other funds and other things has not happened during the 
last week, because of the change in the government of Maharashtra some of the funds was there, 
it was held up. Average CASA of the bank we are keeping 56% to 57%. So, average CASA is 
more important than the terminal figure. So, our average CASA is above 56% as of now also. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
So, today also, CASA is around 56.5%. So, as far as CASA is concerned, we are very 
comfortable and there maybe small shifts from SB accounts because of the rising interest rates 
scenario, small amount Rs.1,500-2,000 crores is shifted from SB accounts to other term deposits 
area it has happened in some of the rural areas. This percentage is continuing at the same level 
and that will happen during the current year. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Compliments to you for having one of the largest amount of the CASA among the public sector 
banks. Only in one quarter I observed some fall, that is why is the question. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
One thing is very clear, we are also very cautious that any bank keeping at 50%, 60% CASA is 
slightly difficult. So, what we wanted is something above 55%, that is sufficient because we also 
know that once if you reach to 58%, 59%, it may be slightly difficult. So, the average CASA, 
we are keeping at above 55%, but we will strive hard to improving that. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
My last question is around NBFC exposure. I think your NBFC exposure is only 6.23 which is 
very low as compared to other peer banks. So, what are your views on NBFC direct credit for 
onward lending and also on the co-lending front sir? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
So, direct lending, that is a cautious decisions taken by the board. Last year one of the NBFCs 
having difficulties. So, that time board has taken a decision to exposure. Bank is more 
concentrating on mid-corporate and MSME sector. Of course, this is a major area we are looking 
after some sectors. Board has given some kind of directions, some hospital sector, pharma sector 
, manufacturing sector and infrastructure, some of the areas. So, on NBFC, we will continue to 
lend but in a cautious way on a selective basis based upon the full rating because as per the 
internal policy A and above only and pricing also we may have to see for NBFC lending is 
concerned. Otherwise there is no problem in NBFC lending is concerned. Our all assets are very 
good. There will not be any problem. Other areas are growing. So we have not got very 
aggressively in the sector. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Edelweiss Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
One question on your loan growth. Basically, your corporate loan growth has been strong like 
Mr. Ajmera also mentioned. QoQ sequential loan growth is 8%. So, what are the segments of 
the sector that has seen this pickup in growth? 
Shri Sanjay Rudra: 
In this corporate growth, mainly some of the airport assets we have taken, in addition to that, 
some infrastructure also we have taken and NBFCs small exposure is there. Since the industries 
are doing well, some small exposure to steel, petrochemicals, metal industry, we have taken the 
exposure and textiles also we are keen on taking exposure and we have taken some exposure. 
So, overall exposure in the corporate is a mixed bag, not only on one sector we have got, we 
have a diversified portfolio. And one more thing which I would like to inform is that our overall 
investment grade rating exposure has also improved, earlier it was 43,519, which has improved 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
to 44,242. And similarly also, the government guaranteed advances which was 10,857 has 
increased to 11,446. So, our book is granular as well rated book and well guaranteed book. This 
is the composition of our  corporate book. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
What would be your incremental loans to airports in this quarter? 
Shri Sanjay Rudra: 
Sanctioned amount is around Rs.1,300 crores. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
To airports during this quarter? 
Shri Sanjay Rudra: 
Yes. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
In infrastructure, would it be roads or in general? 
Shri Sanjay Rudra: 
It's a mixed bag, in infrastructure, road also is there, other infra also is there, some of the water 
projects are there, then effluent treatment plants are there, Namami Gange project is there. It's 
not concentrated to any one infra, all mixed infra projects we are taking. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
My question was that there's a lot of media reports on state-owned banks stakes likely to be sold 
to private players. So any feedback on these articles? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
There is no feedback. What we have also seen is only media reports. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of  Ashfaque Ahmed from A-Square Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
Just a small question I have, especially on the digital initiative we are taking actually, because 
still I believe some teething problems, or some fine-tuning is needed to be an enabler for the 
user. So just wanted to understand what digital initiative our esteemed bank is taking on that 
front sir? 
Shri Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, on the digital initiatives bank is working on the two pillars; one is on the customer journeys, 
where the digital footprints are there. So if you see particularly our analyst presentation as well, 
so at least four to five parameters, like the QR code and the transactions in the QR code, even if 
you see on WhatsApp the increase in the onboarding of the customers on WhatsApp as well as 
on the mobile banking. Particularly if you see the transactions, which has happened from quarter-
to-quarter on the mobile platform, it indicates two important things. One is it is reducing my 
operational cost. The second is the bank is building the STP journeys, total end-to-end. No bank 
is having the STP till in-principle and furthermore. But secondly, the bank is also looking to 
strengthening the internal processes and systems. So, this is the second journey which the bank 
is looking into. Now the third part which bank is looking on both the sides which will help the 
bank to strengthen its own internal system efficiencies, as well as customer journeys onboarding 
fintechs. So almost many of the fintechs are evaluated as per the policy adopted by the bank. 
And there are few areas like artificial intelligence or the voice AI or maybe bringing AI into the 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
underwriting STP part. So, bank is working upon that. The purpose of intervening the technology 
into the bank processes only is first is to give a more convenience to customer and at the same 
time reduce operational cost, the third very importantly to build in the compliance during the 
journey itself. So, these are the three priorities which bank is looking forward in the current FY 
also. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
So STP will be primarily for the renewal of the existing accounts as well as it will get 
implemented in trade finance as well. Because one of our peer banks is already at a very 
advanced stage of implementing or they have implemented also. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
See, the building of the STP involves two, three factors one is your own integration of internal 
and external database. The second is bringing into your appraisal process. Now, the third thing 
the policies which has to be built in with a bank on PD and LGD. So, with these three pillars, 
any bank would first like to do the beta testing with the review renewal. So, our strategy is also 
the same; we will deploy and do the back testing with the review renewal case within the existing 
portfolio. Now, because account aggregator is going to be very, very soon, your JanSamarth is 
going to be very, very placed very soon and certainly the low-ticket size is also increasing in the 
market if you see. So, going forward this digital lending platform has to be STP end-to-end is 
going to be the key area and focus and the backbone of the bank. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of JK Jain from JK Jain & Co. Please go ahead. 
JK Jain: 
Congratulation on the very good set of numbers. Actually, this is the first time I've seen your 
number. In fact, the numbers for the year ending March '22 was also very fantastic, because on 
the ratios if I see that your net NPA was just less than 1%, this time it is hardly 0.88% and your 
provisioning is also Rs.600 crores and the net NPA right now is only Rs.1,200 crores. So, it 
means if you carry on this provisioning in this same system, your net NPA will be zero by the 
year-end. If I am correct or not, as a layman, please clarify me. The other thing you said is that 
there will be recovery of Rs.3,000 crores. So that Rs.3,000 crores means that is the gross 
recovery. Out of that Rs.3,000 crores, what amount will come to your kitty? So that as a layman 
if you can clarify this it will be a good thing. Other thing is there is a good amount of tax 
provision of about Rs.200 crores in this quarter itself. Bank must have brought forward losses. 
So how this Rs.200 crores tax provision for the quarter as well as Rs.800 crores for the year 
ending March '22 was made, kindly clarify? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
First question is regarding the recovery. Recovery this current year also we are expecting at least 
Rs.2,000-2,400 on slippages. On an average, we are expecting around Rs.500-600 crores new 
slippages for the current year and the recovery will be around Rs.3,000 crores. Kitty will come 
to maximum Rs.500 to Rs.600 crores, so the reduction will come. Second point is that regarding 
taxation. Rs.200 crores what we have made is we have enough because the last March, we have 
switched over to new tax regime with 25% and the next two to three years we may not be 
requiring any taxation provision and this is where profit is more. So we have given Rs.200 crores 
for DTA reversals because the bank was earlier around Rs.600 to Rs.700 crores, DTA is created, 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
out of that last March, we have already released around Rs.150 crores, so, Rs.200 crores, we 
have released for the current quarter. So, this is the position. For the comming quarter, this 
taxation provision is there and another Rs.300-350 crores deferred tax assets is there, we will 
release that. One point is when we are able to release the deferred tax asset, it will improve our 
capital adequacy ratio without raising for any capital. So you can see that in last quarter 16.45% 
was after declaring dividend. And in spite of Rs.5,000 to Rs.6,000 crores addition of these 
advances, we could able to keep the capital adequacy ratio of 16.15. So for keeping the capital 
adequacy ratio, these deferred tax assets we may have to write up. Rs.1,206 crores is the net 
NPA figure. We need to wait for next year for write up because we have already Rs.1,200 crores 
COVID position is kept for that. There is a floating position we have kept and we have not 
written-back. At any point of time, we may be able to utilize Rs.1,200 crores. In fact, as of now, 
we don't have any NPA at all because if you consider that Rs.1,200 crores.  
JK Jain: 
You mean to say Rs.1,000 crores is the excess provision ? 
A S Rajeev: 
Rs.1,200 crores last year we have provided for COVID provision, that is continuing, that is not 
captured. 
JK Jain: 
That means whatever the result is being shown, the bank has a very rosy picture if I am not 
wrong. My feeling is because I have not seen any PSU bank or HDFC their net NPA is something 
like 0.4 or 0.5 and the CASA ratio, I think you have the highest, HDFC is near about 50%. You 
can give a reply. The price is just two times of the face value. That's a little perplexing. It looks 
as if there is something beneath it or we are not able to understand or things like that. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Share price and book value, all these things and generally investors will look into the consistency 
and other areas. I think we are also of the same opinion like you that in future I think things will 
improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sri Shankar from InCred. Please go ahead. 
Sri Shankar: 
I've got a couple of questions. The first question is your cost of deposits has a sharp decrease 
during an environment wherein things have been moving up. What is it leading to, is it because 
of your sharp jump in your current asset? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
One of the main reasons is that CASA ratio and up to last year it was reducing interest rate and 
so on deposit cost has increased. So there is a large effect in case of deposit is concerned  
Sri Shankar: 
Sorry sir, I'm not referring to last year. If I look at December '21 onward which used to be 3.69 
has sharply decreased to 3.42 the last 6 months 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Yes, on cost of deposit, the share of CASA has increased, you see that it has gone up from 46% 
to 58%, around 10% to 12% CASA ratio has increased, out of that the main increases happen in 
case of current account. So current account if we are able to raise funds and other current 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
accounts, good corporates also. The current account growth for the past two years it was around 
Rs.15,000 crores. So that is zero interest rate and around Rs.15,000 crores, SB also our interest 
rate is 2.75, one of the lowest. And we don't have any differential deposit and only Rs.4,000 to 
5,000 crores deposits are retail deposits above Rs.2 crores, differential bulk deposits we are 
having. But bulk deposits also interest rate is much below the CAR rate. That is the reason for 
keeping the cost of deposits. 
Sri Shankar: 
Your sharp increase in CASA part, how much you think is going to be maintainable and how 
much will not start to deplete, that was my first question? Second, your yield on advances also 
have moved very sharply. But the NIM if I actually look at it, it has not seen a significant increase 
in line with the kind of increase in your yield on advances and the decrease in your cost of 
deposits. I'm trying to figure out where exactly that has gone. Second part is we have also seen 
a sharp growth in your credit outlook and advances. How much is the growth that is sustainable 
for you as a bank over the next few quarters? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
CASA sustainability will be around 55% to 56% and credit outlook sustainability will be at any 
cost, we may be able to grow at the rate of 20% to 22%. And regarding the NIM what you have 
referred, NIM is a combination of not only the yield on advances, it is investments also, because 
our 40% to 45% if you see that, yield on investments have come down by around 60 basis points 
as corresponding to last year though the yield on advances has increased by 50 to 60 basis points, 
correspondingly around 45 to 50 basis points yield on investments has come down. That is why 
slightly this has affected the NIM. So going forward these investments may continue like this or 
it may increase by 10 to 15 basis points, but we will be able to continue this yield on advances 
same way and we will continue the NIM above 3.25 range, that is our plan. 
Sri Shankar: 
You think the advances should grow around 20%-plus? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
20% to 22% is our target because as of now our growth rate is very good, there is no doubt in 
that case, but the conservative approach is 20% to 22%, it may go up to 25%. 
Sri Shankar: 
The next question is on your SMA sir. You have given the SMA numbers that is extremely low 
SMA numbers that you have at Rs.569 crores SMA-1 plus 2. These are accounts which is Rs.1 
crore and above. Can we get some color on the SMA figures of less than Rs.1 crore? 
Shri Dinkar Sankpal: 
Our SMA-1 and 2 in absolute terms for June 2021 was Rs.4,637 crores. Though in absolute term 
it is increased at 7.16 on quarter-on-quarter basis, but YoY it has improved to 8.16. The YoY 
figure for June '22 it is Rs.4,166 crores. So improvement is there. 
Sri Shankar: 
That is SMA-1 and 2 put together. Can you give me the breakup sir? 
Shri Sanjay Rudra: 
You are asking for below Rs.1 crore. This is including the SMA-2 also. So below Rs.1 crore, at 
present figure we don't have, but we will give you. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
I have three questions. Firstly, can you give any guidance for the credit cost going forward? My 
second question is if I see your other operating expenses that has come off very sharply, I mean, 
almost Rs.950 crores was the average per quarter last year and in this quarter it is only Rs.800 
crores. So what was the reason and is this Rs.800 crores sustainable or will come back to over 
Rs.950 crores? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
On operating expenses of Rs.950 crores last year, this quarter Rs.800 crores and will slightly 
coming down because of AS15 valuation for the current year because of increase in bond rates. 
Yields on investments of the AS15 has slightly improved. So this is reduced by Rs.50 to Rs.60 
crores. So it is not going to have much impact, maximum around Rs.75 crores difference may 
come. So otherwise there will not have any impact. Going forward the credit cost will come 
down further because reducing that net NPA this year additionally of Rs.250 crores provision 
we have made. So the coming quarters that may not be there, but remaining credit costs will 
continue. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My last question is regarding the capital requirement. So looking at a strong profitability and 
capital adequacy at almost 16%-plus, are we looking for any raising of capital this year? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
So Hon’ble board and the AGM has already permitted up to Rs.5,000 crores umbrella for raising 
capital, all the kind of equity, tier-1, tier-2, all these things. So at present, our position is 
comfortable. And additional Rs.1,200 crores COVID provision also we have not computed for 
the capital adequacy purpose, that also is eligible and the current year profit also comparatively 
in future also we are of the opinion it will be good. Above 15% capital continuance is board 
direction. But however, looking at the situation for the current year, if there is a requirement, we 
may be able to raise some tier-2 capital or tier-1 capital during Q3 or Q4. So equity also if the 
situation is good means maybe Rs.500 to Rs.600 crores we may be able to raise capital because 
tier-1, common equity if it is coming down, because our advances rate is growing from 20% to 
25%. For the current year, we may not be required any capital, but in future 23%, 24%, 25% we 
may require some common equity even if good profitability comes also. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My last question is so as you have pointed out that we may not require the capital in the near 
future… pure equity capital I am saying, so our President of India holding is almost 91% in our 
company and as per SEBI the promoter holding requires to be below 75%, so do we have any 
exemption or maybe government looking for OFS at some point of time, any idea you can give? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
That is already accepted. I think up to '23 October was given the permission. You are also aware 
that one year, one year extension they keep on giving that. So we expect that will continue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global Services Limited. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Again, I've got some couple of questions. Sir, this NARCL now these things are getting now 
clearer, and I think we had worked out those numbers about nine months back that how much 
will go, can you give a fresh color on what is our status in NARCL accounts like total how many 
accounts are identified and how many are going in the first tranche out of that Rs.50,000 crores 
of this thing, can somebody give little more color on this NARCL. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Our GM, Recovery will respond to that. 
Shri Prashant Khatavkar:   Yes, in the first list of Rs.50,000 crores, we have three accounts shortlisted, around Rs.660 
crores, so that will be going in the first list. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Earlier assessment was made for the first tranche of Rs.2 lakh crores figure which was given. In 
that what is our status or we are still standing on the same old number only? 
Shri Prashant Khatavkar: Discussions are going on. They have finalized only the first list of Rs.50,000 crores. So as and 
when this is over, then the next tranche will come. Then again the discussion will take place. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Even if suppose say 20%, Rs.120 crores and out of that 15% cash, so we will get about Rs.18-
20 crores something when this Rs.660 crores materializes, isn't it which will come directly in 
the income? 
Shri Prashant Khatavkar: The cash will be that and another SR component that is government guaranteed SR, that is as 
good as cash for me. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Just one small observation, when we are looking at the expenses this slide 8 that you made a 
provision of audit fees for Rs.8 crores only in this quarter. So out of the total Rs.17 crores of 
audit fees in the last entire year Rs.8 crores is made only in June '22 in one quarter only now, so 
is it going to be like almost 50% increase in the overall audit expenses or it is one-off some 
provision has been made? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
It is some kind of provisions only. Sometimes you see some figures they will give provision. So 
when the profit is good, then some provisions may happen in some of the assets. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Because Rs.8 crores looks to be in one quarter, a little higher number. Generally it used to be 
Rs.4-5 crores per quarter and overall in last year is around Rs.17 crores. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Some position will take care of the audit fee may be taken in the current quarter. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
This provisioning of Rs.637 crores, Rs.280 crores you said is the 100% on the sugar account, 
that entire Rs.280 crores has come in this quarter only or already the provisions made earlier on 
that? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
That was an earlier restructured account of Rs.40 crores there, in standard that is reversed, so 
net of around Rs.240 crores additional has come. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Ashok Ajmera: 
In this Rs.637 crores? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Yes.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, this additional buffer provision which we are having you said of Rs.1,000 crores, what are 
our plans for the next three quarters, do you see that it will be required looking at the current 
situation or you will start taking the benefit of that by reducing the provisions in the future 
quarters? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Restructured book is there for that purpose only we have kept it. You maybe knowing that 10% 
provision is already made in the books by a restructured account as per regulatory. So last two 
years, there was some confusion in the market about this restructured book. So this COVID 
provision for two years where we have given because around 3,900 crores is the totally 
restructured portfolio, so it is a cushion provided for this restructured portfolio for this Rs.1,200 
crores. As and when this restructuring portfolio is coming down, then we will be able to utilize 
that provision. It's a conscious decision taken by the management. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
On this entire NCLT list 1, 2 okay, almost 100%, but overall the NCLT referred accounts and 
the admitted accounts how much provisions are you having with the other banks and consortium 
also altogether NCLT? 
Shri Prashant Khatavkar: 100% provision has already been done in in all NCLT cases. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
We have improved our CD ratio to 71.75% I think from 66.85% in the last quarter. So how far 
you can go, I mean, as per your plan, if your credit growth remains the same  
Shri A S Rajeev: 
In March end, we can go up to 75% and our aim is to reach minimum 80%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sri Shankar from InCred. Please go ahead. 
Sri Shankar: 
You mentioned about Rs.4,100 crores of SMA-1 and 2 accounts of less than Rs.1 crore. How 
much is the slippage that you expect from those accounts? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
SMA-2 figure as of today is around totally Rs.872 crores is there including all figures and SMA-
1 is around Rs.1,700 crores as of now. So this figure Rs.872 crores is not even coming even 
below 1% actually. So what we wanted to tell is that this is a comfortable position for the bank 
as far as the SMA is concerned. 
Sri Shankar: 
Point taken. I'm not disputing the fact that it is not comfortable for you, it's comfortable, it's quite 
enviable to be in that position. But what I'm asking you is from your estimate, what is the 
expected slippages and what is the credit cost? I think somebody asked that question earlier. I 
missed it. What do you expect overall from this overdue account? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Expected slippages is Rs.500 to Rs.600 crores per quarter. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
July 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Sri Shankar: 
Credit cost? 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Credit cost will be around 1.2% to 1.3% annualized.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Shri A S 
Rajeev for closing comments. 
Shri A S Rajeev: 
Our Executive Director, Shri Vijayakumar ji will do the closing comments. 
Shri A B Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, M.D. and CEO, Rajeev sir and E.D., Asheesh Pandey ji and my general managers. 
Thank you very much all for sparing your valuable time. Quarter-after-quarter we used to have 
precise whenever we make writing off funds. You all always supported. On behalf of 
Maharashtra, I would like to say a few words. If you look at our last eight quarters or nine 
quarters, consistently on top line growth as well as all the ratios in terms of quality of assets and 
in efficiency, profitability and every parameter, Bank of Maharashtra has been posting healthy 
ratios which has come from the support definitely from the customers, workforce and of course 
the media and analysts. On behalf of the Bank of Maharashtra, I convey my sincere thanks to 
each one of you. Some of the questions you posed on the ratios and business growth, is very 
fine, how the market is not taking into account and your share ratios. Not only the overall growth 
is coming everywhere and as a public sector bank, we are very much conscious about the nation 
building and the priority sector lending. Otherwise, there was no question anything about our 
priority sector lending by the analysts, but in those areas also we have done extremely well and 
we have been conscious about the government of India schemes which this current year also we 
are focusing it. Perhaps, a very few banks in the public sector are continuously getting awarded 
from all the state governments and central government. Recently, we got a committed award 
from none other than the Hon'ble Prime Minister for MSME growth for the last year and SSG 
growth from the Maharashtra state government through the NABARD. So on behalf of Bank of 
Maharashtra, once again I convey my sincere thanks to all the analysts for participating and your 
support. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Bank of Maharashtra, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
