25th July, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Fax: 022-26598237/38
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,
PJ Towers, Dalai Street,
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001
Fax: 022-22723121/1278
Company Code: PVR / 532689
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI IListing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements! Regulations. 2015
Dear Sir / Madam,
This is with reference to and in continuation to our letter dated 19th July, 2022
and 21st July, 2022 pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. We wish to inform you that the
officials of the Company have participated in the conference call for analysts and
investors meet held on Thursday, July 21, 2022 for post announcement of
Financial Results for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2022.
Please find enclosed the copy of transcript in this regard.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For PVR Limited
Mukesh Kumars* Nv—
SVP - Company S>ec&
& Compliance Officer
PVR LIMITED
Block A, 4th Floor, Building No. 9A, DLF Cyber City, Phase III, Gurugram 122002 (Haryana) India.
T: +91 124 4708100 I F: +91 124 4708101 I W: www.pvrcinemas.com
Regd Office: 61, Basant Lok. Vasant Vihar, New Delhi 110057. CIN: L74899DL1995PLC067827

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“PVR Limited Q1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BIJLI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, PVR LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
PVR LIMITED 
MR. GAUTAM DUTTA – CEO, PVR LIMITED 
MR. KAMAL GIANCHANDANI – CHIEF OF BUSINESS 
PLANNING & STRATEGY & CEO, PVR PICTURES 
MR. NITIN SOOD – CFO, PVR LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – RESEARCH ANALYST, AXIS 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the PVR Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you Peter. Good evening, friends and welcome to PVR Limited’s Q1 FY23 post result 
earnings call. The call will be initiated with the brief management discussion on the earnings 
performance followed by an interactive Q&A session. Management team will be represented by 
Mr. Ajay Bijli – Chairman and Managing Director, PVR Limited, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar – Joint 
Managing Director, PVR Limited, Mr. Gautam Dutta – CEO, PVR Limited, Mr. Kamal 
Gianchandani – Chief of Business Planning and Strategy and CEO, PVR Pictures and Mr. Nitin 
Sood – CFO, PVR Limited. Over to you Mr. Bijli for the initial comments. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Thank you. Like to welcome you all to the earnings call to discussion the unaudited results of 
Quarter 1 FY23. I hope you had an opportunity to review our presentation and results which 
have been uploaded on our as well as on the stock exchange website.  
I'm happy to share the quarter ended June 30th, 2022, was the best quarter in PVR’s history with 
the highest ever Revenue, EBITDA and PAT. Please note that the above numbers are after 
adjusting for the impact of Ind-AS 116 relating to lease accounting and are different from the 
reported numbers which we submitted today to the stock exchange. This robust performance 
was driven by the strong bounce back in theatrical admissions with 25 million patrons visiting 
our cinema during the quarter. This is further bolstered by a strong growth of 23% in average 
ticket price as compared to Q1 of 2019-20 which is a pre-pandemic period to 250 and 32% 
growth in average food and beverage spend per head as compared to Q1 of 2019 to Rs. 134 
which is the SPH. The quarter was marked by the release of some of the biggest domestic hits 
like K.G.F:2 which went on to become a second highest grossing domestic movie of all times. 
Net box office for the K.G.F:2 alone contributed 23% to PVR’s overall box office collection for 
the quarter which was the highest ever movie collection by PVR. RRR which was released in 
the last week of March had significant spillover revenue in the last quarter.  Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2, 
Vikram, Dr. Strange from Marvel, Top Gun: Maverick and Jurassic World Dominion were the 
other big movies that did well during this quarter. The content pipeline in the months ahead 
looks promising. Over the next few months, we have several big budget Bollywood movies lined 
up for release like Shamshera, Lal Singh Chaddha, Brahmastra and Vikram Vedha. From 
Hollywood we have Bullet Train, Paws of Fury, DC League of Super-Pets amongst others. From 
regional genre we have Vikrant Rona, Liger, Godfather and Ponniyin Selvan.  
On the F&B front the company recorded the highest monthly average F&B revenue of 100+ 
crores during the quarter with strong underlying growth in SPH. The robust growth was a result 
of our team’s focused efforts on F&B initiatives. The company has opened 14 screens across 
three properties in the last quarter and is fast ramping up its CAPEX plan to open a total of 125 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
screens by the end of the current fiscal. About a third of our new screens addition will be in the 
Tier-II and Tier-III cities and we will be entering into nine new cities during the year. The entire 
CAPEX will be funded through internal accruals and liquidity available with the company. Our 
screen portfolio currently stands at 854 screens across 173 cinemas in more than 75 cities in 
India and Sri Lanka. 
Gross debt during the quarter has reduced sequentially by 91 crores and was 1,414 crores as of 
the end of the Quarter 1 FY23 as compared to the end of Q4 of FY22. The net debt was 844 
crores. 
A quick update on the progress on the proposed merger of Inox Leisure Limited with the 
company. Both the companies seem to no objection certificates from the two stock exchanges 
that is BSE and NSE on the proposed scheme of the merger and we are in the process of filing 
our application for the approval of the scheme of merger with the NCLT in the next couple of 
weeks. I am told that NCLT process typically takes anywhere between 5 to 7 months, so we 
seem to be on track. Given the excellent performance of the movies in the last few months and 
a very promising lineup of content that is up for the release during the rest of the year we are 
expecting full recovery in admissions and advertising income over the next couple of quarters. I 
believe that this year will be great year for the company. With these opening remarks I open the 
platform for any Q&A. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks and Congrats on a very good set of numbers. My first question is on your slide #16, so 
essentially SPH to ATP ratio, if I see almost every year you have managed to improve it, so from 
28% it has now become 54% and versus pre-COVID also there is 500 bps jump. So, where do 
you see these numbers settling because now would you go for a better occupancy and slightly 
lower ATP, so could this number keep going up in the medium term in the next 2 to 3 years, 
SPH to ATP? 
Ajay Bijli: 
Abneesh you’re the first person to ask, always the first person to ask the first question. So, that’s 
something that intrigues me. In the meantime, I will ask Gautam to answer this question because 
he has been the force behind taking the percentage of F&B to ticket prices, he has just been 
working relentlessly, so Gautam would you like to answer this question please. 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes. So, typically, we have been at about 50%-55% now. We believe that there is still usual 
room for this to grow and we are gradually going up every year as you rightly pointed out. So, 
we believe that this is really about the glass ceiling. There are still certain cinemas where we 
could be 80% of the ATP. So, this trend has to just now keep growing. We seem to have a great 
strategy in place where the both quality of food, hospitality and certain promotions which are 
run around F&B seem to be working very well. In a couple of years, we can clearly see that the 
SPH could be matching our ATP. To your question of saying does ATP need to be blended 
down, no, ATP will continue its path and growth and so would SPH. This proportion of SPH to 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
ATP has to keep getting better. That is the endeavor and that’s the focus and that’s the vision 
and we believe that every year we will only notch up a few percentage as we go forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on ad revenue on an overall basis and on per screen basis. How do you 
see the normalcy coming back in terms of ad revenue per screen versus pre-COVID? Why I am 
asking this is currently still Q1-Q2, we expect huge cutback by advertisers because of the 
inflation pressure which they are seeing. On the other hand, we are also seeing discretionary 
sectors come back. So, if you could discuss a bit on the mix of advertisers also versus pre-
COVID, has that changed anything dramatically and in terms of normalcy versus pre-COVID 
ad revenue per screen when do you see that happening? 
Gautam Dutta: 
There's lots of questions that you have asked but let me give you a macro trend here. We believe 
that Quarter 2 we should be getting our averages lot better than the pre-COVID numbers of Q1 
as against Q1 of last year. So, currently we are in the gap of about 38% which should be reduced 
to about 20% odd in Q2. By Q3 which is really a festive period and lot of advertisers begin to 
advertise, we believe that we will be within the pre-COVID levels or maybe 5% or 7% lower. I 
am very certain that by Q4 we will end up sort of exceeding the pre-COVID numbers. So, that 
is going to be the trajectory and having said that yes there has also been a big churn in the 
advertisers those used to come earlier to now. We are seeing a lot of traction with new age 
advertisers who have come in, some of the FMCG and the multinational brands are taking a little 
more time. We hope that by Quarter 3 they would possibly be back at the cinemas, so that's 
largely what it is, retail the clients are showing a quicker turnaround and we are seeing that while 
the RO size is small but they are kind of coming back to cinemas much faster. So, overall I think 
Quarter 2 is going to be a little under pressure but the average will get better than what we have 
achieved in Q1 but Q3 is really where I believe that we will be largely in the hitting range of 
pre-COVID numbers. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, just to get clarity, if I see your ad revenue in Q3 FY20, it was almost double of what you 
have done in Q1. So, you are saying you will be ending up pretty close to that, so you think in 
two quarters you can kind of double this number say around 110-115 crores? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes, when it begins to ramp up this number can really jump up and with some of the big releases 
which are going to be there around the Quarter 3 which I said was the most a quarter where the 
maximum footfall gets in. I believe that we will be in around a very good range of what we had 
done pre-COVID. So, that’s where I feel we will be. In Quarter 3 we will be able to get there. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One last question, so one concern I think a lot of investors are having is on the performance of 
the main Hindi movies which is extremely important for you in terms of box office. So, when 
do you see it fully reviving, what is the issue here? I understand the usual answer of content but 
we are definitely seeing south Indian movies doing consistently well and while Hindi movies 
are not doing well. So, it can’t be the only content, is there some other issue also? 
Ajay Bijli: 
No, there is no issue. I think it’s too early only; it’s only been 3-4 months since movies have 
started coming and basically, I am not going to write-off Hindi movies so soon. There are some 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
big movies lined up. So, people just want to watch whatever appeals to them and it just so 
happens that these two big films did exceedingly well and they have overshadowed other 
releases but we have got Shamshera coming tomorrow, we have Lal Singh Chaddha, Raksha 
Bandhan on a very big weekend in August which is a 5-day weekend from 11th August all the 
way to 15th August. And then we have Brahmastra coming, we have Vikram Vedha coming. So, 
there are some big movies coming and this is just a beginning. When you have smaller movies 
which have always traditionally become sleeper hits in the past. So, one quarter is too short a 
timeframe to draw any conclusions that only regional terms will dominate and Hindis will not 
do well anymore. We have to let the whole year pan out and I don't see any problem whatsoever 
because there are some prolific film makers and directors and actors even the Hindi film industry 
who are also seeing this happening and they will bounce back. No problem whatsoever.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Aaron Armstrong with Ashmore Group.  
Aaron Armstrong: 
First question would be around box office which kind of relates to some of the earlier points 
made. Can you talk about the box office growth and the revenue growth that we've seen this 
quarter? And whether that reflects pent up demand and very good slate of movie content or it is 
more of like PVR gaining market share and consolidation of the industry just kind of where you 
would place the emphasis on those two? 
Kamal Gianchandani:  
Firstly, I think the performance of Q1 and if I was to also include March 2022, the performance 
in these four months reflects partly the pent-up demand. It also reflects and it also puts the debate 
that whether people would come back to theaters, whether the consumer appeal of movie theaters 
has gone down. Streaming has taken away a lot of eyeballs that debate has been put to rest and 
that’s reflecting in these four months admissions, it’s also the quality of films. Some of these 
films which came out were exceptional films. Marvel came out with Dr. Strange, Warner came 
out with The Batman in March, Mr. Sanjay Leela Bhansali came out with another edition to his 
ever-growing list of successful films and of course we had K.G.F and RRR which surprised 
everyone on the positive side. So, it was a mix of pent-up demand, it was a mix of the fact that 
the whole debate came to an end. The consumer appeal for movie theaters is very much intact 
and it’s also the quality of content. I would also like to add another point to the earlier question 
from the panelist where there is a concern about some of the Hindi films underperforming and 
Mr. Bijli summed it up and he answered it comprehensively. I would only add one point to it 
that Hindi films have done well. Gangubai, Kahsmir Files, Bhool Bhulaiyaa even Jug Jug Jiyo 
which came out recently, they have all done well. And also, we have to keep in mind that K.G.F 
and RRR actually performed a lot better in the Hindi version. Whether you would categorize 
them as a Hindi film or would you consider them as a Kannada or a Telegu film is a matter of 
debate, depends on which angle you are looking at it from. But we think of them as Hindi films 
and the way we look at it is that if RRR, K.G.F which are films essentially dubbed in Hindi can 
do so well, imagine when a Hindi film in the original version with a popular actor or with 
multiple popular actors the film which will connect to audience, imagine the upper limit for 
those films, imagine the potential for those films. So, we see it as a big positive and those were 
the three elements why we think content is done well, these four months have done so well for 
us. 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Aaron Armstrong: 
So, that’s on the market share. So, would you say that your market share is now higher than it 
was pre-COVID. Any kind of consolidation signs or small operators exiting the market?  
Kamal Gianchandani: 
That's a good point. And thanks for adding that question. Definitely the market share of I would 
say larger chains which have more credibility with the consumers, definitely the market share of 
such chains have gone up as compared to the pre-COVID period. I wouldn't comment on 
consolidation at this point because we are in the midst of a merger. But your question on whether 
smaller chains are exiting, to be honest at a very macro level, at a very high level the number of 
people who have exited the business is a fairly small number, it’s a moderate part of the overall 
screen count in India. We reckon its less than 10% and it’s mostly those cinemas which were 
underperforming or which were not contributing with any meaningful box office, even during 
pre-COVID those were the ones who have exited. So, from industry point of view at high level 
there hasn't been a lot of exits. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Just around the sustainability, the extra numbers that we've seen this quarter, we spoke about 
pent-up demand, we have spoken about very strong slate of film content and is that kind of feed 
into an expectation that we could see some softer quarter?  
Kamal Gianchandani: 
Subsequent quarters would have certain quarters which will exceed expectations and there is a 
possibility that certain quarters could underwhelm in terms of admissions. But to be honest the 
way we see it, the way we look at the lineup that we have in the third quarter and the fourth 
quarter of this current financial year, we feel fairly confident that this could turn out to be a year 
which will end up with aggregate admissions which are a lot better than what we did in 2019-
20. We feel extremely buoyant looking at the lineup and the response that we have got from the 
audiences. That said our business is of hits and misses. I think it’s best to look at it on annual 
basis rather than on quarter-to-quarter basis in terms of admissions. There are segments like 
Hollywood films which have a depressed number in terms of quantity. Quality is fantastic, Dr. 
Strange, Spiderman, Top Gun, all of these films have exceeded the expectations, Jurassic World. 
But as far as the quantity goes, studios are still ramping up their production. Same is the case 
with Hindi films, producers are still ramping up their production. There has been a lot of 
disruption in terms of shooting over the last 2 years. We could have some surprises as we move 
forward but I think at an annual level, the entire financial year we are looking at very strong set 
of numbers in terms of admissions. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
I have a question on the windowing gap which was expected to revert to eight-weeks at the end 
of July. Has that already happened, that is question number one? And secondly if I am not 
mistaken, we recently piloted one program which allows subscribers to watch movies on 
weekdays by paying some monthly subscription fee. So, if you can shed some light on this plan, 
how has been the response to it that would be really helpful. 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
Your first question on windows, answer is yes. On 1st August we will revert back to the erstwhile 
eight-week window which is what used to be prevalent pre-COVID. So, we will revert to on the 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
eight-week window on 1st August 2022. On your second question with respect to subscription 
program I would request my colleague Gautam to share some comments. 
Gautam Dutta: 
Actually, on the subscription, we had to go a bit slow simply because the regulatory authority 
had some issues regarding recurring payments for over 3 months. So, there were certain 
negotiations and certain clarity required from the regulator. We are planning to go and launch 
this in a big way. We have already sort of piloted this project. However, on the recurring payment 
plan there were certain amount of, as I said, regulatory concerns which has been managed now. 
We will be now going full stream with the Phase-2 of the launch. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Secondly, I had one question on the book keeping side. If I look at our electricity and utility 
charges, they are lower by about 4% when I compare it with the pre-pandemic days. Now this is 
despite the fact that we are operating with higher number of screens in 1Q. So, if you can 
highlight the reason behind this. And secondly in the opening remarks we mentioned that our 
debt is down by about 90 crores odd sequentially, so where exactly do we expect to end the year 
on the debt side? That is a second question. 
Nitin Sood: 
I think the reason for low electricity cost is because of the tight control that we kept at operating 
level on some of the unit consumption. Also, some of the states we have got reliefs from the 
government which are temporary in nature, so I think both of things coupled helped us to keep 
the unit consumption under check. But these costs will gradually rise as there is increase in 
power cost all over. But we will try and keep them under a tight control as much as possible. 
Also, on your second question around leverage, I think the operating cash flows of the business 
continue to remain strong and since we will be opening a lot of screens this fiscal year, the focus 
during the next 9 months will be to use some of the operating cash flows to fund most of the 
growth. So, it’s difficult to say what our net debt numbers will look like. We want to sustain 
those numbers because we want to reinvest all the operating cash flows into growth and that will 
be the focus for us this year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So, basically, if we are funding our CAPEX needs via operating cash flows essentially the debt 
levels should not rise from here on, is that kind of…? 
Nitin Sood: 
No, they will not rise from here. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec Capital Services India.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Just had two questions, the first one on the rent side. So, if you take the rental numbers 2.1+0.5 
that is about 2.6 million per screen. We have seen a roughly 26% kind of increase in rental cost 
as well as 18% in CAM I think over the 3-year CAGR you are getting 4.5% on comparable 
property. Just wanted to get your sense about whether this 2.6 million is something that we have 
to now expect on a going forward basis because this is the pent-up increase which we have seen 
over a 3-year period will imply that rent to revenue is little higher than what your pre-COVID 
number was so how do we think about this? 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Nitin Sood: 
First of all, our rentals will continue to grow with on a contracted basis, roughly 4% to 4.5% 
CAGR but our revenue growth is much stronger than that. So, I don’t know when you say that 
our rent to revenue ratio will keep rising, I’m not able to get that because rent to revenue ratio 
should actually either remain same or will get lower because the revenue growth is stronger than 
the rental growth right now. 
Harit Kapoor: 
No, I meant this year. I mean this year so far if we look at Quarter 1, we are at 23% which is 
compared to Quarter 1 ‘20 I think that is 20%-21%. That number is higher. I think from is this 
like a rebasing and then from there it starts to come-off in ‘24 onwards, is that the way to look 
at it? 
Nitin Sood: 
No, I think that’s not the correct way of reviewing this because Q1 revenue still does not reflect 
full recovery in admission, still does not reflect full recovery in advertising revenue. So, in that 
respect I think you should look at the rental number on annual basis, even for Q1 on a 1000 
crores revenue our rent is about 180 crores which is about 18%. So, there is from a rent to 
revenue ratio perspective, there is no material change. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The second question was on the personal cost side, also you had mentioned that there is an 
expected move up on account of increments and wage inflation. This quarter you can manage it 
at similar levels which is down 2%. I think you had made a comment that you will try and keep 
it in the similar ballpark as pre-COVID. So, just wanted to understand any change in that thought 
process given the recent kind of as I said in wage inflation as well as the increments that you 
were talking about? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think our personal cost per screen will move up by about 9% to 10% from existing levels on 
account of wage inflation which is minimum wage increase and increments for people over the 
existing levels. But on an absolute level if we look at the amount of headcount reduction that we 
have managed to squeeze in, we intend to sustain that. There will be very limited increases in 
the headcount savings that we have managed to achieve. But if you look at a 3-year period and 
then compare and factor in the inflation for 3 years, it is significantly lower as compared to the 
revenue growth that we have seen. 
Harit Kapoor: 
My last question was on when you have mentioned admits are not yet back fully. This seems 
like a fairly normal quarter where you had some big hit films as well, obviously you had a very 
good overall revenue performance led by ATP and SPH as well. I understand that occupancies 
are little lower but wouldn’t you think that this is as normalized as it could get from a footfall’s 
perspective? Anything I’m missing there. 
Nitin Sood: 
I think it will be slightly premature for us to come to that. I think we have not had a full run of 
operations. There is still a large segment of people who have not shown up at the cinemas. Our 
sense is that will take a few months for the full recovery to play out as more films get released 
across theaters, as more genre of films released across theatres, whether it is Hindi films or big 
tentpoles like Avatar which will draw consumers back to cinemas. So, the full recovery will take 
another 6 months to play out. Our sense is by December of this year where we have had a big 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
run of films, effectively recovery should take out shape fully because you must also understand 
that in a country like India there is a very large segment of people who show up at the theaters 
only once or twice a year. So, for that to play out you have to give it time and see a full recovery. 
So, our sense is by end of December we should hopefully be able to see some of that.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Prateek from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Prateek: 
Just wanted to check, with this rebasing of rent has happened plus the 5% rev share, how should 
I think about SPH and ATP specially in quarters which are dull or where there are more hits or 
more misses rather than hits? 
Gautam Dutta: 
SPH, there will be no change at all and largely we feel that 30% growth can easily be maintained. 
On ATP is really a function of what kind of films get released. So, if we do not have a mega 
blockbuster or a tent pole film then ATP could be depressed by about Rs.10-12 but nothing very 
significant. But given the flow whenever we will have big films, we will be able to record similar 
ATP growth as well. 
Prateek: 
And secondly if you were to break down the admits recovery between metros, Tier-I, Tier-II, 
can you just give us a flavor where is this lack or degrowth coming from or which pocket is 
contributing to the highest degrowth?  
Kamal Gianchandani: 
The recovery Tier-I, Tier-II have had similar recovery but there are pockets within Tier-I which 
have underwhelmed in terms of admission. You could attribute it to the kind of films which have 
done well because these films were targeting the lowest denominator, they appeal to a certain 
sensibility. And as a result, certain pockets which tend to be affluent have shown the results 
which are inferior as compared to certain other pockets, that’s one. Number two, like Nitin 
touched upon briefly in his commentary, there is a large number of people who come to the 
theaters once a year. There is also sizeable number of people who come only twice. From various 
analytics that we do, we are observing that a lot of those people have not yet come back to 
theaters which means cinemas which are more dependent cinemas which have more frequent 
moviegoers in their catchment, they are showing superior recovery and catchments which have 
less number of frequent cinegoers are showing slightly inferior recovery. But also, like Nitin 
mentioned, these are still early days and we have to give it another 5 to 6 months to form a firm 
view on which are the areas which have underperformed and which are the areas which have 
done better. But yes, that’s our very high-level sense of what’s happening in the marketplace at 
this point. 
Prateek: 
And Kamal, let’s say this continues after 6 months what do you do to get that admit back? In the 
sense we continue to see negative or decline in footfalls on like-to-like basis, what do you do to 
get the footfalls back? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
The way we see it and all possibilities are there on table. You are right, I mean there could be 
certain quarters which underperform but the way we see it at a very high level, like I mentioned 
earlier the consumer sentiment or the consumer preference for theater going is very much intact. 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Producers who were experimenting a lot with different models, with different distribution 
models I mean in some cases they were going direct to streaming, in some cases. At least in US 
producers, distributors were releasing it simultaneously with theatrical even on streaming. All 
of that has stopped now, windows are back, producers have come to a conclusion and I think 
even streaming platforms recognize and respect this fact that the erstwhile model of following 
windows, being respectful to windows is the right way of creating value for the entire ecosystem. 
Also, when we look at the films which have been lined up and the kind of response that we have 
seen for KGF, Spider-Man earlier in November last year, films like Pushpa which released with 
pretty much no marketing, not a very known popular face in the Hindi belt, the kind of 
performance we have seen. Even films like Rocketry which picks up later. What we are seeing 
is that the consumer sentiment is to escape. People want to escape from news, people want to 
escape from this constant war or inflation or other worries which we have in the economy and 
they are finding cinemas still has the best platform to get this escapism and the success of films 
that have performed, the quantum of and the scale of success is clearly showing that this 
possibility of this year underperforming is fairly remote. So, your question sorry I gave an 
elaborate answer but your question what will we do, I mean I would not get into that because 
that is all sensitive, strategic information. But frankly from our prism, the way we look at the 
whole situation we don’t see that situation panning out this year. This year looks like we are 
going to have a V-shaped recovery, a very sharp bounce back. At the end of the year that’s what 
we are going to finish with. 
Prateek: 
And lastly just wanted to check, can you call out Quarter 1 FY23 industry box office collections, 
is it possible? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
So, industry wise you are asking? 
Prateek: 
Yes. 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
I can tell you that in the first 6 months; I don’t have the breakup for Q4 of last year and Q1 of 
this year but the data that we have is that the gross box office of the industry and I am sharing 
gross box office, not the admission is roughly Rs. 5,700 crores which is slightly better than what 
the industry did in 2019 and this considering the backdrop that the whole of January got spoiled 
because of Omicron and then half of February was impacted because of Omicron. So, even with 
that constraints, finishing the first 6 months with Rs. 5,700 crores box office is a fairly aggressive 
achievement. A lot of pent-up demand, lot of credit goes to KGF, RRR but those are the numbers. 
So, first 6 months about Rs. 5,700 crores better than 2019. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Anurag Dayal from HSBC.  
Anurag Dayal: 
First question is basically about seats per screen. So, as per my calculation I could see that seats 
per screen has been coming down, used to be around 220 odd which has come down to around 
210 or below that in this quarter. So, this was the reason behind it, is it because you are moving 
more into smaller towns and opening smaller properties or some light into this? And how to see 
it going forward? 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Nitin Sood: 
I think the new properties that we have opened have an average lesser number of screens. Some 
of the premium properties that we have opened like Maison, a New Director’s Cut in Gurgaon 
etc. they are more premium with the much smaller auditorium count, more premium in terms of 
facilities. So, yes, our average seat count on the new screen portfolio is close to that number, 
about 200 odd screens per seat. Depending upon how the mix is evolving at that particular year, 
your averages reflect that way. Also, we have shut down few cinemas which were old and 
dilapidated, we have also exited few properties. So, that’s the sum total of the ratio. 
Gautam Dutta: 
And also, to add what Nitin said we are adding more premium screens in our circuit and except 
for IMAX and the P(XL), all the premium formats are largely operating in a slightly smaller 
audi sizes. So, whether it’s the 4DX, whether it’s the Playhouse, whether it’s other formats as 
well, LUXE and Director’s Cut, they all operate on slightly smaller audi sizes and which 
technically brings the average a little down. 
Anurag Dayal: 
Just a follow up on this is I understand is around 12% of screens are premium right now. So, 
how you see it going forward, if how much I mean ballpark could go in the next 5 years say? 
Nitin Sood: 
Anurag, can you repeat your question? 
Anurag Dayal: 
Yes, I am talking about the share of premium screens is around 12% currently. So, how you see 
it going forward over the next 5 years, it could be higher, how much? Is there any target which 
you have in mind? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think we are focused on creating more and more experiential cinema offerings. Our sense is it 
will keep inching up but I think over a long period of time, say next 5 years this number could 
potentially look like 18% to 20% from 12% levels. 
Anurag Dayal: 
I have another question is basically what I have read is you are exploring franchisee route per 
screen additions kind of asset light model. So, what is the thought process behind it and if you 
can give some insight and how the mechanics of franchisee cinema work for you guys? Any 
direction in terms of how much it is, high or lower in terms of CAPEX and OPEX? Anything 
insight will be very helpful for that.  
Nitin Sood: 
It’s slightly premature for us to talk about that. Once we launch a few screens and we open a few 
screens would like to talk a little more about that. Currently we are focused on doing lot of 
screens the way we are doing. Obviously, the focus is to reduce the CAPEX per screen and that 
we are constantly working on but we haven’t launched the full-scale franchisee model as yet. 
So, when we get there, I think and we have opened a few screens we would like to talk a little 
more about it. I think slightly premature for that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Piyush Sharma from Minerva India. 
Piyush Sharma: 
First of, just wanted to better understand the IMAX formatting challenge for domestic content. 
Now IMAX typically requires content I guess 2 weeks before release and I think it becomes 3 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
weeks for international delivery and domestic producers did struggle at least historically with 
that. Do you see this changing going forward? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
I will take this question. I must say that you are quite clued-on because this is a constraint which 
only people in the industry would know. Answer to your question is, it has improved 
considerably both non-Hindi Indian film producers as well as Hindi film producers have become 
extremely proactive. They are preparing, they are finishing their films much in advance and not 
just in advance, to be able to deliver it to IMAX and many other service providers so that they 
can format it in that particular, they can process and even make it ready for that particular format 
but also a lot of producers are doing screenings to get feedback on the film and then make 
changes in the film, if they find the feedback relevant. So, answer to your question is yes, things 
have improved a lot and producers are finishing up, wrapping up films much in advance and 
then they are leaving enough time to do a lot of last-minute R&D before they go out and release 
and of course naturally formatting, processing for these formats is no problem anymore. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Secondly, now while ticket receipts can be directly attributed to premium versus regular formats 
that we will do. Would it be possible to get some sense of how concession revenues are broken 
down between premium versus non-premium screens, roughly? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So, to answer your question first and foremost in terms of SPH to ATP ratios; this ratio is lot 
more healthier and when we talk about premium screens. Now we honestly, do not have a way 
to figure out candy sales in a cinema where all formats feed out of the same concession. I am 
talking largely in context of the LUXE Audis or the Gold Class auditoriums which has a separate 
counter. There our SPH to ATP ratios are about 70% and even the actual SPH numbers hover 
around Rs. 350-400 per person but overall, when you look at any property which does have a 
premium format even if it feeds out of the same concession; the ratios are much healthier and 
premium auditoriums wherever consumer is paying a little more as ATP or ticket pricing tends 
to even come and consumes more food. So, clearly a premium format helps to build a better 
candy sales number. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Just very quickly looking at slide #12, is the box office ATP and admits stacked versus fiscal 
first quarter ‘20; possible to share the ATP movement on comparable properties versus like this? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think there is no big difference in the ATP movement in comparable properties. I think it’s 
largely in the same ratio. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Very quickly if I can just slide just one more. Just next slide and slide #13 you have got language 
wise contributions. So, this is clearly in our not original content contribution but if you were to 
hypothetically re-create this in original content; fair to say that Hindi would have dropped not 
just from 47 to 46 but much sharply lower? 
Nitin Sood: 
That’s correct because the Hindi language contribution of KGF and RRR and Vikram have been 
quite decent and it’s absolutely fair to say that if you were to remove that and count it as a 
regional content then this ratio would be much lower. 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Spark Capital.  
Arun Prasath: 
I joined little bit late so apologies if the question is repetitive in nature. What I’m trying to 
understand, Kamal and Nitin is that I’m looking at this quarter compared to the first quarter of 
FY20 and if I see that the screens growth 3 years CAGR is close to 3%-3.5% whereas the rental 
expense and common area maintenance have grown by more than 8% to 12%. Is it because the 
developers are trying to charge higher rent to off-set for the losses they had during the COVID 
or how should we read these numbers? 
Nitin Sood: 
That’s not the case. You have to factor in a 3-year inflation and cost. We have gone back to 
paying full contracted rentals. Our rental CAGR growth on an annual basis about 4.5% per 
annum and if you look at the slide #18, we have given up break-up of how the rental costs have 
evolved. Our rental cost across comparable properties is up 18% to 19% out of which 14% is on 
account of a 3-year rental escalation which is kicked in on a regular contracted rent and the 
balance 5% is revenue share linked so because we have done great revenues we have also shared 
as per our contracts a percentage of that with the landlords. So, that’s primarily the reason. There 
is no claw back or any such thing.  
Arun Prasad: 
So, this run rate should continue? There is no one off or anything like that? This should continue 
as we move forward. 
Nitin Sood: 
Correct. 
Arun Prasath: 
And also, I am not sure it was even asked, I missed your commentary on the ad revenues per 
screen which looks like it is still yet to recover completely to the pre-COVID levels. What is 
your sense and outlook on this revenue spend? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes, this as I have just spoken will take some time and we hope that by Quarter 3 we would be 
within the hitting range of the pre-COVID number. Currently it’s down. We should recover in 
terms of percentage in Quarter 2 but the full recovery would technically, be closer in Quarter 3 
on one could safely say in Quarter 4 we may end up exceeding the pre-COVID number. But 
Quarter 2, we are still going to be lagging behind. 
Arun Prasath: 
Just reading across the commentary from others especially FMCG. What used to be the 
contribution to FMCG to your ad revenues? Is it like are you getting dragged on because of their 
spend is lower or some any other category which is not yet back to the mark? Some category 
wise commentary would be very helpful Kamal? 
Gautam Dutta: 
FMCG of course was contributing close to about 15% to 17% of our total revenues. That’s taking 
time and the second big category which was contributing which is telecom and handsets which 
have also slowed down simply because of imports to India and the short of those chips and they 
have lesser products to sell. So, these are the two which have taken a bit of a dent and we believe 
that the way and we have been really having a lot of communication with the brand managers 
there and we believe that Quarter 3 because that’s a festive time, they are all kind of gearing up 

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
for making sure that India has enough and more supplies is when these guys will come back into 
advertising a big way at the cinemas. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss.  
Abneesh Roy: 
I had few follow-up questions. First is on some of your new or smaller businesses like the 
cleaning service which you had launched during COVID. Is it more of a marketing exercise? I 
understand you do have some level of core competence or maybe a lot of core competence but 
are you seeing any traction from the B2C side of customer here and similarly on the Popcorn 
and the V Café or your presence say on Swiggy, how is the scale up, if you could discuss that? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Your first question I couldn’t get. V-Pristine is actually showing up some very encouraging 
numbers and while the numbers in relatively could be small but it’s very consistent and growing. 
We do about Rs. 30 lakhs odd revenue every month so that’s growing and very-very 
encouraging. Even on M Pop which is our Microwave Popcorn, this has been one big I think 
boon of the COVID times and some of the SPH that you see is because of the volume of M Pop 
which is being sold at the cinema and this is a wonderful product because consumers buy. We 
add it in our SPH but these popcorns not consumed at the cinema. So, at one end we are kind of 
servicing their hunger by selling them more product, we are also beginning to supply them a 
food which they can take home. So, on both ends it’s kind of doing a brilliant job. So, M Pop is 
doing very-very well and this is Pan-India, it’s not just a region specific thing. Overall, it’s 
contributing to every cinema, in every region in a very positive way. Our initiative around 
Zomato and Swiggy is I would say not so encouraging. We are learning a lot as we move 
forward. This is a different ballgame and we are also realizing that, that it needs a different 
mindset to be able to come out winners within this program. We are not giving up; we are still 
working with our partners Zomato and Swiggy to see how we can make this bigger but we have 
realized one thing that this business will at best contribute positively in some locations and 
deliver a certain SPH contribution to a cinema but if you look at it at the standalone business, 
may not be very sizable ever. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, in Swiggy-Zomato part of business, any plans for setting up Cloud kitchen because I think 
that is a bit more relevant and would you have any number in mind as to how much of initial 
investments or losses in this part of the business because I do understand it does get cross 
subsidized by your current infra but if you evaluate on a standalone business; are you looking at 
any investment or this is just more of a pilot project? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think we have to rethink the whole piece because we also realize you need a larger network 
and I think we will have to reimagine this post the merger as well as our network of cinemas 
will go up significantly in lot of markets. And you are right, I think it will just not be about 
adding Cloud kitchens. We will have to rethink the whole business plan of how to make it 
relevant which may require some investments, that’s not the concern. But I think we will have 
to rethink the whole piece how to make it relevant. Next year would potentially be the right time 
to do it as we have a much larger network of cinemas across cities.  

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Abneesh Roy: 
Globally do multiplexes in any country do this kind of business, delivery? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Not at all, not even one. Across the board I would say PVR took this charge, no one else has 
ever tried this before. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And last question was on essentially closure of some of the tough properties or properties which 
have lived their life. So, any more color you can give in terms of next 1-year-2-years, how many 
properties you see undergoing this kind of an evaluation? Because in retail this is quite common 
that always churn keeps happening and malls also become dead and so could you discuss any 
numbers next 1-year-2-years, how many such properties can happen? 
Nitin Sood: 
So, if you look at it, we have a typically long leases and when these leases come to an end 
typically, we continuously evaluate this on an ongoing basis and during the last 2 years, 3 years 
from June ’19 till now, we have shut down 39 screens, out of which 23 the leases expired, we 
did not renew of Cineline and the balance 16 screens we shut down. We believe as of now bulk 
of our portfolio I would say 95%-96% of our portfolio is absolutely prime and doing exceedingly 
well. There will be 2% to 3% of the portfolio which is in malls which probably have outrun their 
life but cinemas continue to still do well and you know over a lifecycle we continue to evaluate 
this on an ongoing basis. If I am getting into a new market, into brand-new shopping malls and 
building my market presence and the existing cinema has lost steam or that mall has become 
irrelevant, we take those calls to move out and shut down those locations and properties. But I 
don’t think that number is quite honestly any significant number. It will be not more than 1% or 
2% of the portfolio and that’s part of our annual exercise. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One follow-up on Cineline. I understand it was just 2%-3% of your impact on numbers but in 
those market, are you able to get some part of the demand back because now your partner is kind 
of competing against you and of course they will have some obviously expansion plan also. So, 
if you could address both parts. Are you getting some part of the demand back because now it’s 
not part of our network and second to see them as a competition in terms of longer term because 
of expansion? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think it’s good for the industry that we have more and more operators because there will be 
cinema opening opportunities all over the country. Some we will find viable to do, some we may 
not find viable to do but it is good that the country adds more and more screens and it’s good to 
have somebody who is willing to put capital to add more cinema screens apart from us. On 
Cineline like we said it was not a very big portion of our portfolio, less than 2% of our overall 
revenues and our cinemas in West have actually done quite well this quarter. In fact, only 50% 
of those screens that we were operating in Cineline properties were relevant screen, some of 
them have outlived their lives and had got replaced by new cinemas. So, we believe that this 
churn, this is like any other regular churn that will keep happening in our portfolio. Every year 
we will keep shutting down on one or two properties which will stay not relevant and keep 
replacing them with new screens that we will end up opening in those markets. So, we don’t see 
that to be any major concern.  

 
PVR Limited 
July 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today and now I would like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Sood for closing comments.  
Nitin Sood: 
I would just like to thank everyone for taking out time for our earnings call and if you have any 
follow-up questions, feel free to write to me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
