 
 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115 
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address: 
Registered Office: 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11, 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                
 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
New Linking Road, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 025                                                      Website: www.icicilombard.com   
    Mumbai - 400 064 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/69-07/2023 
 
 
July 22, 2022 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter ended June 30, 2022  
 
This is further to our letter dated July 5, 2022 and July 19, 2022, please note that the 
Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Tuesday, July 19, 2022 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at www.icicilombard.com 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas Mehra
Digitally signed by Vikas 
Mehra 
Date: 2022.07.22 20:35:50 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q1FY2023 Earnings Conference Call  
July 19, 2022 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentleman, and a very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Q1 FY2023 Conference Call. 
From the senior management, we have with us today Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta - 
MD and CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran - CFO and CRO; Mr. 
Sanjeev Mantri - Executive Director; and Mr. Alok Agarwal – Executive 
Director. Please note that any statements, comments are made in today’s call 
that may look like forward-looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management and do not constitute an indication of 
any future performance as future involved risks and uncertainties which could 
cause results to differ materially from the current views being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Bhargav Dasgupta - MD and CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Thank you Neerav, and Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining 
the earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited for Q1 FY2023.  
I will give you a brief overview of the industry trends and developments that we 
have witnessed in the last few months. Post this, our CFO, Mr. Gopal 
Balachandran will share the ‘Financial Performance of the Company’ for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022.  
During the quarter, the Indian economy continued to steadily grow towards the 
pre pandemic level with broad based improvement across consumption, 
investment, credit growth of banking sector etc. In spite of the headwinds of 
inflation, geopolitical tension and supply chain disruption, with improved rural 
and strong urban demand, the optimism towards India’s economic recovery 
remains intact. Amid this, the GI industry performed reasonably well primarily 
driven by segments such as Health insurance and Motor insurance.  

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
As per data published by SIAM the new vehicle sales witnessed moderate 
growth for private car segment amidst continued supply chain constraints, the 
Commercial vehicle segment grew robustly supported by underlying demand, 
while the two wheeler segment continued to remain slow compared to pre 
pandemic levels. Health insurance, in line with expectations contributed to the 
overall industry growth. The commercial lines witnessed growth in sync with 
the current market environment.  
Resultantly the GI industry delivered a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 23.0% for Q1 FY2023. As per public disclosures the combined ratio 
of the industry was 118.1% in FY2022 (excluding one Company which is yet 
to disclose their Q4 results) as compared to 112.2% in FY2021. We use this 
data with a one quarter lag because that’s when we get the full information.  
Moving to Regulatory updates, the Government of India via Ministry of Road 
Transport and Highways in consultation with the Authority on May 25, 2022 
published revision in base premium for Motor third party insurance for various 
classes of vehicles effective from June 1, 2022. The rate hike is expected to 
be marginally positive, however the rise is not commensurate with the loss 
experience and inflation that the industry has envisaged in this segment.  
Amid the current need to increase insurance penetration in the country, the 
Authority has recently announced several measures for the benefit of policy 
holders and towards ensuring ease of doing business for insurers. This 
includes reducing compliance burden on regulated entities by rationalizing 
regulatory framework, forming working committees towards distribution 
reforms, finance and solvency related provisions, product governance, 
regulatory and statutory reforms and review of data and technology framework 
and organising bimonthly interactive sessions with insurers for their 
suggestions for increasing insurance penetration. 
Subsequently, on June 1, 2022, the Authority prescribed the ‘Use and File’ 
procedure for all the Health Insurance products and almost all the General 
Insurance products by moving from the current regime requiring prior approval 
for launching retail products to a regime where products could be launched 
without any prior approval. On July 14, 2022 “Use & File” was also extended 
to agricultural and allied activities.  

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
On July 5, 2022 the Authority permitted general insurance companies to 
introduce the following tech-enabled concepts for the Motor Own Damage 
(OD) as an “add on” to basic policy:  
1. Pay as You Drive  
2. Pay How You Drive  
3. Floater policy for vehicles belonging to the same individual owner for two 
wheelers and private cars.  
The Company had launched similar products under the regulatory Sandbox 
initiative in FY 2020 wherein there was a limitation of ₹ 50 lacs of premium or 
10,000 policies, whichever is achieved earlier. In line with the above regulatory 
change, the Company has launched its Motor Floater “add on” cover recently. 
It provides convenience to customer of having one Policy document, one 
renewal date and one premium at lower cost. 
Moving to business impact for us in Q12023 –  
The Company grew by 24.9% as compared to the industry growth of 21.7% 
(excluding crop and mass health). Coming to the growth for key segments 
during the quarter –  
 
For Motor, the Company grew in line with the industry and has maintained 
its leadership with a market share of 11.3%. The Company increased its 
proportion of CV mix to 24.6%  
 
The Electric Vehicle segment continues to be a focus area for the 
Company. The Company continues to maintain its leadership position in 
this segment as well with an estimated market share of 14% in private cars 
and 64% in two-wheelers.  
 
Our investment in retail health has resulted in our agency channel 
premium growing by 18.3%. As indicated in our previous calls, we 
continued with our investment in adding managers to grow our retail health 
agency business and our current headcount stands (including new hires) 
at 1,101. We expect the growth to accelerate in the next few quarters as 
the agency managers start getting productive. I would also like to share 
that our one stop solution for all insurance and wellness needs, “IL 
TakeCare” app, has surpassed ~1.7 million user downloads till date. The 
incremental download for the quarter was 0.4 million. 
 
Our Bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 49.4% this 
quarter. Within this ICICI Bank distribution grew by 30.5% and non-ICICI 
Bank distribution grew by 65.1%. Post pandemic, the recovery in credit 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
growth along with increase in wallet share in distribution partners acquired 
through the demerger has been the key growth driver for us. 
 
Our Business sourced through our Digital One team grew by 30.7%, within 
that, the business on our website grew by 21.1%. Business sourced 
through Strategic alliance partners in the digital ecosystem grew by 
170.8%. Overall, our digital focus has enabled us to increase our digital 
revenues to ₹ 2.10 billion which accounts for 3.9% of our overall GDPI for 
the quarter. 
 
As far as the commercial lines are concerned, we experienced robust 
growth, driven by 18.7% growth in the SME segment. 
We are optimistic with the recent positive regulatory developments would 
enable us to grow faster with emerging market needs. We remain on track and 
are focused on growth levers such as strengthening our distribution engine, 
digital advancements, realising synergy, rationalising cost while scaling up our 
preferred lines of business.  
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the 
recently concluded quarter. 
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks, Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a 
brief overview of the financial performance of the Company for Q1 FY2023. 
We have put up the ‘Results Presentation’ on our website. You can access it 
as we walk you through the performance numbers.  
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹ 53.70 billion 
in Q1 FY2023 as against ₹ 41.88 billion in Q1 FY2022, a growth of 28.2%. This 
growth was higher than the industry growth of 23.0%. Our GDPI growth was 
primarily driven by growth in preferred segments, given that our approach has 
always been growing business sustainably. The fire segment, GDPI grew by 
10.3% at ₹ 11.43 billion in Q1 FY2023 as against ₹ 10.36 billion in Q1 FY2022. 
As indicated in our results presentation, the overall GDPI of our property and 
casualty segment grew by 14.3% at ₹ 19.54 billion in Q1 FY2023 as against ₹ 
17.09 billion in Q1 FY2022.   
On the retail side of business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at ₹ 17.82 billion 
in Q1 FY2023 as against ₹ 14.01 billion in Q1 FY2022, registering a growth of 
27.2% 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Our agents (including Point of sale or POS) increased to 94,559 as on June 
30, 2022, from 88,545 as on March 31, 2022.  
The advance premium was ₹ 34.71 billion as at June 30, 2022, as against ₹ 
33.68 billion as at March 31, 2022 
Resultantly, combined ratio was 104.1% in Q1 FY2023 as against 123.5% in 
Q1 FY2022 
Our investment assets rose to ₹ 398.34 billion as at June 30, 2022, from ₹ 
387.86 billion as at March 31, 2022. Our investment leverage (net of 
borrowings) was 4.18x as at June 30, 2022, compared to 4.23x as at March 
31, 2022. Investment income was at ₹ 6.55 billion in Q1 FY2023 as against ₹ 
8.89 billion in Q1 FY2022. Our Capital gains was lower at ₹ 0.32 billion in Q1 
FY2023 as against ₹ 3.27 billion in Q1 FY2022.  
Our Profit before tax (PBT), grew by 80.1% at ₹ 4.65 billion in Q1 FY2023 as 
against ₹ 2.58 billion in Q1 FY2022. 
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT), grew by 79.6% at ₹ 3.49 billion in Q1 
FY2023 as against ₹ 1.94 billion in Q1 FY2022. 
Return on Average Equity i.e., ROAE was 15.0% in Q1 FY2023 as against 
9.4% in Q1 FY2022. 
Solvency ratio was at 2.61x as at June 30, 2022, as against 2.46x as at March 
31, 2022, continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 
1.50x. 
On the ESG front, we have voluntarily adopted the Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Reporting for FY2022 thereby strengthening our commitment to 
transparency in disclosures and also to promote a culture that embraces 
sustainability practices within our business processes. The company for the 
first time disclosed its GHG emission. An independent external assurance 
provider has also provided limited assurance on the GHG Emissions 
accounting.  
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate we continue to stay focused on profitable 
growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding interest of policyholders 
at all times.   

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
I would like to thank you for attending our earnings conference call & we would 
be happy to take questions that you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Deepika Mundra from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepika Mundra: 
On the Motor insurance space, what are you seeing on claim inflation versus 
the pricing trend both on OD and TP? On TP you clearly mentioned you’re 
running below the inflationary trends. And overall, how do you expect this to 
impact the combined ratio this year, given the fact that the volumes are on the 
uptick? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, if I look at the OD side, we are seeing a slightly higher claims frequency 
than what we had last year. Some of it was anticipated as utilization of vehicles 
has increased. But overall, even beyond that, we are seeing slightly higher 
frequency numbers. Normally, if you look at the ACS it is flat, we are not seeing 
any significant increase in the average claim size. Overall in terms of the 
pricing, the industry has also corrected the pricing a little bit on the OD side in 
line with what we discussed last time. But on the OD, the pressure on loss ratio 
remains in line with what we’ve been saying over the last few quarters. On the 
TP side, yes, while the rate increase is not in line with the inflation. One thing 
that we are hoping to see come through is now that the motor vehicle rules 
have been framed, we will see how the courts begin to adopt these six-month 
limit in the intimation process. If that comes through that will be a positive. So, 
that is, in a sense something that we will watch very closely for the next two 
quarters to get a sense of whether it’s getting implemented. If it gets 
implemented that will be a positive on the TP side. 
Deepika Mundra: 
Understood sir. And all the new products which are data driven, won’t it be 
largely disinflationary in nature. Would it cap premium growth to a certain 
extent or do you see the penetration benefits, outweighing that significantly? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, it could be a mix of both, you’re absolutely right. So, if you price the 
exposure on people who drive less, and those are the customers who end up 
buying the telematics driven product, that could be disinflationary, but what it 
does is basically price the risk better, and logically for the rest of the book the 
pricing should go up. If that doesn’t happen, then what you’re saying may 
happen, we will have to see how big the penetration of this piece is because 
it’s early days. Our sense is it will take fair amount of time for this to become a 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
large part of the motor business. The second opportunity that we believe exists 
is, there is a large amount of business which is people who buy only TP which 
potentially can buy OD also. So, if we can increase this penetration that will 
help.  
Deepika Mundra: 
In terms of the quarterly numbers, despite the scale up in volume there seems 
to be no operating leverage, could you elaborate on the investments that you’re 
making on distribution or anything else that is contributing to that? 
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, so Deepika what we have spoken about is continuing to make those 
investments in health agency, digital, and claim service. So, that’s something 
that is continuing, which is why if you recollect, while we had announced to add 
almost close to 1,000 health agency managers which we had spoken about 
last year, effectively by end of March 31, 2022, we had on boarded about 750 
of them. That number, including the new hires as of June 30, 2022, stands at 
~ 1,100. So, we are continuing to make those investments in health agency 
distribution. Even digital as a matter of fact, when you look at the numbers i.e. 
growth delivered to both our contributions coming in from website, as well as 
the alliance partner’s tie up that we have, that number again has done quite 
well. We just put out even as a part of our opening remarks, that growth for us 
has been almost about 30%. So, that’s an area where we are continuing to 
make investments in increasing this sourcing to the digital channel as well. The 
third area which will always continue to stay focused on with respect to 
excellence in claim service. So, those areas we are continuing to stay invested, 
which is why when you look at the aggregate growth in the management 
expense numbers, the overall growth for the Q1FY2023 has been roughly at 
about 28% while on a gross written premium basis it will be close to about 30%. 
vis-à-vis that growth in management expenses has been about 28%. So, in 
some sense there is some element of operating leverage. But at the same time 
obviously there are those continuing investments that we’re making which will 
obviously play through as we speak over the next several quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hitesh Gulati from Haitong. Please 
go ahead. 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Firstly on the Health segment, we are seeing some slowdown for the industry 
in the Retail Health. What are your thoughts on that? And also, if you could 
comment on what we are doing in the Health segment exactly, for instance, in 
the ICICI Bank channel we had highlighted that they have started selling some 
of the indemnity products so what is the progress there? Also, what is the 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
progress in the other HFC & NBFCs, as we wanted to do more general 
indemnity benefit products there? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yes, so in terms of what we’re doing in Health. There is a bit of slowdown, 
there is a bit of base effect  for the industry. Last year, Q1 was very strong so 
for the industry, the Retail Health growth has got a bit muted, but for us the 
growth is beginning to pick up. As we explained, the agency driven business 
has grown by about 18% for us this quarter. Even as the full distribution that 
we are ramping up is getting productive. So, we believe that this growth for us 
will actually increase going ahead. So, from our perspective, that is positive. 
On the Bancassurance side if you look at the point that I made in my opening 
remarks that last year was a bit of a headwind because the benefit business 
that was sold as an attachment by the bank (ICICI Bank) had gone away. But 
the bank had started selling indemnity products in a group format as an 
attachment to the mortgage loans. And that’s driving the 30% growth in that 
channel that we’re seeing.  
The other partners which are basically the existing relationship that we’ve had 
over the years, (like the NBFC, HFCs, other banks, and also the new 
Bancassurance tie ups that we’ve got through the merger with Bharti AXA), 
has grown really well and that growth is roughly about 65%. So, overall, the 
Bancassurance business has grown by roughly around 50% split into 30% at 
the bank level, and 65% at the other Bancassurance partners. And within that 
the Benefit numbers have also grown very well, a lot of the attachments 
products that we have sold via the HFCs and some of the other banks is benefit 
product.  
Hitesh Gulati:  
So, that’s what is going in the “Group Other segment” within Health, Right? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
Yes absolutely right.  
Hitesh Gulati:  
On the crop segment, we have won a few tenders here in addition to what we 
got from Bharti AXA, are we again looking to grow crop? Because our 
Reinsurance rates also look higher this quarter. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  
No, that is not correct. So, if you look at what we got from Bharti AXA they had 
two states one was Karnataka, the other one was Maharashtra. Maharashtra 
changed the scheme from the original insurance scheme as per PMFBY to a 
scheme where the loss range is capped. So, it’s a 80:110 scheme, where if the 
loss ratio is below 80 as an insurance company we will refund that premium to 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
the state. At the same time if the loss ratio is more than 110 the state will pay 
for that claim. So, it’s a fixed range product which is  a replacement of the 
traditional PMFBY. So, what we’ve done is in Maharashtra under the new 
scheme we’ve taken two clusters. So, aggregate crop numbers for us will not 
be very different from what it was last year, maybe marginally a little bit here 
and there, but aggregate numbers very similar to last year. The reason why we 
bid for Maharashtra is because we have indicated that we will observe how the 
scheme evolves and accordingly take a call with 80:110 model, reinsurance 
cost for the stop loss that we used to buy goes away. If you remember, we 
used to talk about the reinsurance cost being very high for a scheme of this 
nature. And that’s one of the reasons why we stopped writing this. now the 
reinsurance cost goes away because the loss is capped at 110. And, overall 
we don’t want to increase the crop exposure beyond a certain level. So, we are  
staying in line with what we did last year in aggregate as a company. Now 
there’s been some booking difference. This year, some of that got booked in 
the first quarter. Last year, a lot of them got booked in the second quarter. So, 
there may be some timing differences, but aggregate for the year we don’t see 
too much of a difference in aggregate crop business that we would like. 
Hitesh Gulati:  
Right sir. On Motor OD some increase in claim ratio is due to higher CV 
business right and this combined will still be lower is my understanding correct? 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, Hitesh what we are indicated even if you recollect in our earlier calls we 
had said particularly on motor we would look at certain segments which could 
be relatively high on Loss Ratio, and relatively lower insofar as our cost of 
distribution is concerned because from an ROE perspective, those business 
selections makes viable sense. So, that’s one reason why you also see maybe 
an increase in the OD loss ratios. And even if you recollect when we had 
announced numbers for the FY2022, at that point of time we did indicate 
particularly for OD, Q4 FY2022 will be more representative of what one could 
experience in OD loss ratios insofar as trend line is concerned. But having said 
that, the way to look at OD segment will be to obviously look at both the Loss 
ratios plus the cost of distribution put together and on that basis is how we are 
looking at risk seletion in portfolio. You could see some periods where you 
would see possibly an increase in the OD loss ratios given the fact that we 
would want to select certain segments which could be high on loss ratios in 
which case you may see periods of increase in loss ratios, at the same time 
possibly we will see a moderation in the overall cost of distribution. On an 
aggregate basis, we would want to stay disciplined in terms of the risk selection 
that we do. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, you didn’t explain in the previous question the reason for lesser 
retention in this quarter, if crop was not the reason then what was the reason 
for lesser retention in this quarter? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Prayesh if you’re comparing the net retention ratio vis-à-vis the FY2022 
and the Q1 FY2023, then obviously it will not be a like to like comparison 
because a large part of Q1 FY2023 business is largely driven by the 
commercial line of businesses. So, particularly bulk of the corporates they will 
have their renewals coming through in Q1 where relatively because the size of 
the risk is bigger, you tend to have an element of reinsurance. It’s more 
towards, I would say quarter three and quarter four, where bulk of the retail 
business particularly motor and health will largely get driven and booked as far 
as business growth is concerned, where as we have explained earlier, both on 
Motor and Health, leave aside the obligatory minimum which now for the 
current year is about 4%, by and large we tend to retain rest of the risk on the 
net account. So, hence whatever retention that you’re seeing is 65% number 
for Q1 FY2023 vis-à-vis maybe may be a 70% or 72% for the full year, may not 
be a like to like comparison as I said because of the corporate renewals that 
happened in the first quarter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, got that. Secondly the investment yield have dropped sequentially, 
materially quite a bit, any reason for that? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Largely driven by capital gains loss, if you look at the Q1 FY2022, we had 
almost ₹ 300 crores of capital gains. This quarter the capital gain number is 
down to about ₹ 32 crores.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Comparing Q-on-Q with Q4 FY2022? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
I am comparing Q1 FY 2022 with Q1 FY 2023, in Q1 FY2022 we had about ₹ 
327 crore of capital gains that we had on the investment book. In Q1 FY2023, 
it’s about ₹ 32 crore, if you compare sequentially then in Q4 FY2022 we had 
about ₹ 136 crore of capital gains, this quarter we have capital gains worth ₹ 
32 crore. So, even sequentially dropped a lot, it’s largely due to the market 
context and as a long-term investors we see these markets as opportunities to 
invest rather than worry about the fact that for this quarter we had a capital 
gain loss.  

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, got that. And lastly could you give an explanation on the NEP to NWP 
ratio. I would assume that in this quarter there should be an unwind that would 
happen from Q4 FY2022 and that NEP to NWP ratio should be a positive 
number and should be a greater than 1, but can you guide and help me 
understand that? 
Gopal Balachandran : So, nothing specific Prayesh, at least so far as recognition of earnings is 
concerned, pretty much it remains the same which is earnings get earned over 
the policy contract. What you see as the gap between growth in premiums or 
NWP and NEP is largely a function of the growth coming back in this quarter, 
which will possibly start seeing unwinding happening towards the next two or 
three quarters. So, it’s more of a catch up of the growth that we see coming 
back in this quarter. For example, if you would have looked at Q1 FY2022, the 
growth was low single digit numbers in terms of aggregate growth revenues 
vis-à-vis that you see for Q1 FY2023 we had a growth in GDPI of almost about 
28%. This unwinding of earnings or maybe the gap that you will see between 
NEP and NWP will start taking to comfort maybe over the next several quarters, 
of course subject to what we get to experience in so far as growth in revenues 
are concerned. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Most of my questions have been answered but, what’s happening on the 
commission line, I see a drop in the commission ratio. I’m guessing it’s 
something on reinsurance that you would have earned some commission. 
That’s one thing and again, the management expenses have also gone up a 
lot, I’m talking not on the insurance related expenses, but the expenses of 
management has gone up to about ₹ 19.8 crore. So, why is that happening?  
Gopal Balachandran: As far as commissions are concerned, yes you’re absolutely right, when you 
look at the net commission ratio, it’s a function of both what commission that 
we pay for the cost of doing business. And obviously the other element of 
reinsurance commission that we earn as a part of reinsurance ceding that we 
do to the reinsurers. As we have been explaining, particularly on the 
reinsurance side, given the outcome that we have exhibited to the reinsurers 
we talked about even in the last quarter to say that the reinsurance program 
that we have been able to renew for FY2023 has got two positive changes.  

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
One is we have been able to strengthen the panel of reinsurers which we have 
been able to operate with, that’s positive from a credit risk standpoint, given 
that we are working with high quality reinsurers.  
The second aspect that we exhibited also was given the fact that as I said, we 
have been able to exhibit a positive outcome to the reinsurers, the terms of 
commissions that we have been able to get from the reinsurers have also been 
relatively better than what we had seen for FY2022. And as I said, quarter one 
typically forms the bulk of the corporate policy renewal cycle, and hence to that 
extent you will always find in quarter one the extent of reinsurance commission 
coming to you at the time businesses are booked. And that’s the reason why 
you see possibly the commission ratios reflecting a relatively lower numbers 
than what we’ve seen in the earlier period. So, that’s in response to the 
commission ratio point that you made. 
On the management expenses as I explained, if you compare with the growth 
in revenues that, either on GDPI basis or even if you look at it from a GWP 
standpoint, we have seen a growth in revenues of almost about 28% or 30%, 
whichever way you look at it. Vis-à-vis that if you look at the growth in 
management expenses which includes both commission’s that we incur for 
cost of distribution, plus the operating expenses that we incur, both of them put 
together has grown at above 27.8%. Hence, whatever increase in the numbers 
that you’re seeing is relative to the growth in revenues that one has seen. At 
the same time, as what we have been explaining, we continue to see, relative 
competitive intensity continuing in the market. And hence to that extent, that’s 
also a factor that is playing in respect to the management expense numbers.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. So, that’s commission ratio part of it, is it more like a quarter one 
phenomena or do you think it will normalise during the year, I’m guessing there 
should be some further reduction in the balance, I don’t mean on a Q-o-Q 
basis. I don’t mean from the 2.2% that we’re seeing right now. But on a year-
over-year basis there should be some deductions because of what you 
mentioned right now 
Gopal Balachandran: That’s right. So, again, it’s a function of how do we see growth coming back, 
while Q1 FY2023 has been good even from a retail standpoint, so that 
obviously involves an element of commissions expenses that we’ll have to 
incur for doing the business. So, over the next three quarters, we’ll have to see 
how that growth momentum plays out, which will also have a factor in terms of 
the commission ratio numbers. Over the next three quarters definitely you will 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
see the extent of reinsurance commission’s that we would have earned in 
quarter one, that number we’ll definitely see a relatively declining number as 
we move towards quarter two, quarter three and quarter four and maybe Q4 to 
some extent the cycle comes back in terms of reinsurance commissions 
because some of the companies which follow a January to December cycle 
they will have the renewal period starting from 1st January. So, there again you 
will see an element of reinsurance commission that will play out. So, there are 
multiple factors that get attached to this number. So, obviously, we’ll have to 
wait and see how the growth plays out on the retail side. And equally as I said, 
in terms of the renewal cycle that will happen in Q4 will also be a factor that 
will drive the reinsurance commission numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead.  
Avinash Singh: 
First question is more from strategy perspective. You are well capitalized or 
either over capitalized and commercial lines typically, you have strength as 
well. So, how is the pricing environment because I see in commercial lines you 
are more or less maintaining your market share to slightly ceding in some lines. 
So, why not sort of because you have advantage on the regional side as well, 
you have sort of your capital strength. So, why not sort of go a bit aggressive 
on commercial line, especially in the backdrop when the retail line are seeing 
heightened competition for ongoing. So, that’s one, then I will come up with the 
follow up question. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
That’s a great question Avinash. And if you see the last three or four years, 
we’ve consistently gained on the commercial segment, our expectation is that 
even this year we will gain, it is just that in the month of April we always find 
that because it is a big month for commercial business, most companies 
renew, there is a lot of pricing aggression that happens just in that month. And 
we are usually a bit more cautious in that month, compared to the rest of the 
year. So, our anticipation is that even this year, like in the last three, four years 
we will gain on the commercial lines of business. Also, one of the point that we 
made is the SME business for us has been growing, we are even sustaining 
that effort in the emerging and distributed markets of the country, and we hope 
to see some traction there. So, your point is absolutely right and that’s what 
our plan is, we hope to increase our commercial lines market share even this 
year like the last few years.  

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes, I’m saying if the capital continue to chase the growth in this sector then 
the pricing discipline is already not coming back. How long this adverse pricing 
cycle, particularly in the Motor OD continue, although regulator has given you 
a benign hike. But regulator was not giving a hike in the TP line when the 
players are not exhibiting discipline in the OD line, so just I want your sense 
that, when you expect some sanity to come back in the Motor OD pricing 
environment?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
That’s again a good question Avinash and you’re absolutely right, we cannot 
seek too much of an increase in TP if we don’t see discipline in the OD beyond 
a point, though honestly speaking when you look at each segment of risk, each 
risk should be appropriately priced that’s the ultimate principle. But having said 
that, this quarter we’ve seen some discipline coming in terms of some 
rationalisation by a few players not all, but the larger issue is that if more capital 
comes into a sector, there will always be aggressive behavior by some players. 
And unfortunately, a lot of investors mistakenly believe that the valuation of a 
company is a price to GWP multiple, which actually makes no sense. 
Hopefully, given the change in the overall macro environment, for more 
sensible investment valuations we will see some of those changes. But, till that 
happens there will be some that pressure. So, we’ve always been saying that 
motor OD normally rationalises within about a year and a half so we expect it 
to happen this year, but we’ll have to watch for it. And the first quarter was 
showing signs in that direction. At the same time, as I said unfortunately the 
claims frequency was a bit more than what I guess the industry anticipated. 
So, on balanced that canceled each other out, but we’ll have to see how that 
goes ahead for the next three quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
On Motor TP I guess has the rate hike been effective from 1st June. And if that 
were to be the case, then in the quarterly Motor TP Loss ratio, given the price 
hike will come through fully in quarter 2, if everything else remains similar we 
should expect improvement there going forward?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
TP loss ratios must be looked on annual basis and not on quarterly basis, 
because there could be quarters based on the actuarial model, there could be 
releases for this quarter, and in another quarter they may not be any releases. 
So, our recommendation has always been to look at TP loss ratio at an annual 
basis rather than a quarterly basis. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And the other thing is, can you give us some sense of how much of your 
motor book currently would be coming from new vehicle sales and how much 
would be on the Motor TP side from long term TP? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Rishi for the first quarter, the business mix in terms of new and renewal is 
about 40:60, 40% of the business is new, 60% of the business is renewal. And 
this number if you look at for Q1 FY2022 that number was about 35% was new 
and the 65% was renewal. For the full year pretty much it was similar we had 
almost about 1/3 roughly about 33% which was new and the rest was renewals.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
And within motor TP the long term TP portion would be? 
Gopal Balachandran: We don’t have that number separately. But, the advance premium numbers is 
what we put out. If you look at that number for Q1 FY2023, roughly at about ₹ 
34.7 billion. This number was almost about ₹ 100 crore higher than what we 
had towards the end of last year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Two questions, firstly on the retail health insurance the data which comes in 
general insurance and council, there we have not been able to make any 
impact despite hiring so many people in last 12 months, our market share has 
not changed. So, any comment on that? Secondly, if I look at claims, 
experience data of FY2022 our claim reputation as percentage of claims 
intimated in retail health insurance is around 20%. Which is similar to other 
companies, so how do we think about customer experience on the health 
insurance? I think last year lot of customers had a pretty bad experience with 
respect to health insurance settlement across the sector. So, in that scenario, 
how are we differentiating ourselves with respect to customer experience on 
claim settlements?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Nidhesh on the first one, as we indicated, our retail health numbers have 
businesses that we are sourcing from Retail Agency channels as also some 
businesses that were selling through banks as a Retail Health business. So, if 
you look at the agency channel, we grew at about 18% this quarter. Given that, 
agency managers are getting more used to our systems processes and getting 
more productive, this quarter we should be able to deliver higher growth. The 
aggregate number for retail health was a bit lower because one of the banks 
which was selling in a retail policy has converted that business to a group 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
format. So, it shifted from retail health to a group health but unlike businesses, 
it is a B2C customer base. But as I said, the Retail Health channels that we are 
investing in, grew at about 18%. We expect the number to go higher in this 
quarter.  
Coming back to your question on, the claims experience, you’re right. For some 
companies, this was an issue last year and I believe the regulator actually 
asked them to reopen their claims and pay more subsequently, that happened 
for a few companies but not for us. We had paid whatever we believed was 
relevant and that was fine within that sense. The approach that we’ve taken is 
that, the entire journey of claims has to be as much as possible on our 
ILTakeCare app to increase engagement and service experience. What we’re 
seeing is cashless is always, directly done through us, but even 50% of 
reimbursement claims with the corporates, are coming through the app now. 
We believe here service experience is significantly superior and that’s been 
the approach that we’ve taken in terms of the claims experience. What we also 
watch is the number of complaints of customers and we track all complaints on 
whether in case of repudiated claims, do the customer goes for Ombudsman. 
And when it goes to an Ombudsman or a court, what is the winning ratio. So, 
we track all, claims which we deny for what we believe are valid reasons. We 
track all losses in the court till that end and our experience in all of this has 
been quite positive, our win loss ratio in the legal court and Ombudsman is 
very high.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. There is one follow up on motor insurance. In motor OD, is it right to 
expect that we are losing market share in the new vehicle, while probably we 
have been gaining market share on the renewal book, given the change in 
strategy which we articulated last quarter?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
To some extent, yes. If you look at our new market share is lower than what 
we were last year. While Gopal gave you the mix because overall new vehicle 
sales has been higher. Given the strategy that we articulated and the overall 
cost of borrowings in some of these channels we are calibrating the book, and 
hence our share of new has come down a little bit, in Private Car. But in CV 
we have gained, in Two-wheeler, it’s largely held up. This was in line with what 
we talked about in April. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Please go ahead. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, just one question from my side, under group Employer Employee Health 
insurance policies. Historically we have seen for Lombard and the industry 
purchases are on the higher side and probably the pricing on the large 
corporate are significantly higher than the SME side. So, just wanted to get 
some sense of how things are turning out in that sector, how the pricing is and 
how our SME mix has been, change within that overall pan out. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
One of the changes that we are seeing on the group health side is that a bit 
more discipline is coming in. Obviously, last year’s losses have hurt the 
industry, we are seeing some discipline coming in. One of the things that we 
talked about last year from the July quarter onwards is that we had been 
increasing premium per life by about 15%. But we are seeing continued, 
retention of our customers, given our service proportion that we had, that story 
continues. Even this year we are seeing ~15% per life premium increase, which 
should help in terms of the loss ratio. The other point to keep in mind is even 
in group health the cost of distribution is very minimal, particularly for us 
because we do a lot of business directly. So, overall even if the loss ratio is in 
the low 90s the combined works out well for us. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. And just a follow up on that, is there a metric that you track on how much 
of those customers have you been able to cross sell or is that even our focus 
area? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
It is a focus area. So, if you look at the approach to cross sell was largely 
triggered by the ILTakeCare app that we talked about two years back. What 
we have observed is that almost 50% of the corporate employees are 
downloading the app. And that number is increasing Q-o-Q. We are seeing 
them using the app and the data about them filing reimbursement claims 
through the app. And our thought process is as you get more engagement you 
will then look at cross selling and it’s only last year that we started the sales 
process on the app, these sales numbers on a month-on-month basis is going 
quite well. If you look at the growth in the ILTakeCare app download, I’ll give 
you the numbers from Q2 FY2022 to Q1 FY2023, on the group segment. In Q2 
FY2022, about 38% of our employees of the group that we had insured would 
have taken the ILTakeCare app download that numbers moved to over 48% 
and I have given the number in terms of the usage of the apps. The sales in 
the quarter numbers are picking up month-on-month as we speak for this 
month. The total sales on that app for this quarter is ~ ₹ 10 crore, which one 
year back wasn’t there. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA 
India. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, I have two questions. First, I missed your explanation on why the Loss 
ratios in Crop are surprisingly better like 63% versus historically, we’ve always 
seen 100% plus ratio. First is that, and second, it’s a bit more technical, but I 
just wanted to get a clarity on the Unexpired Risk Reserve (URR). For FY2022, 
the URR also includes an adjustment for the merger, the impact of the merger 
round and ₹ 10 billion on that ₹ 80 billion of URRs that you have. But in the 
P&L, that adjustment doesn’t flow between the net earned premium and net 
written premium, there the change in URR doesn’t include that impact. Just 
wanted to understand in Bharti AXA, how is the reserving methodology? Is it 
different from ICICI Lombard and when I build my future numbers how should 
I take the reserving going ahead? Right now your URRs is at around 59% to 
60% of your net gross premium, how will it be going ahead, will it largely be the 
same. Anyway Bharti AXA is not a very big chunk of the Gross Premiums, but 
just some clarity on that? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Shreya, I will take the second question first, as I explained as far as 
Unexpired Risk Reserve is concerned, it’s purely a function of earning the 
premiums over the policy contract. So, that is pretty much similar, whether it is 
for ICICI Lombard or whether it is for the incoming company (Bharti AXA), 
hence to that extent there is no difference in methodology or approaches in 
which earnings were done by both the companies. Second, in terms of your 
model, what is it that URR could be as a percentage of net premium, honestly 
very difficult for me to give you a number. for the simple reason as I said, for 
example if you look at this particular quarter which was in response to one of 
the other questions, the growth in revenues for us was almost close to about 
28% - 29%, but change in earned premium was only about 10%. That primarily 
was because, Q1 FY2022 growth was relatively muted, growth has come back 
in Q1 FY2023. So, obviously, you will see relative lower contribution of earned 
premium coming in from the policies that we have written in the last year. And 
the ones that we have written on an incremental growth in Q1 FY2023 will start 
to play over the next 3-4 quarters. So, that’s one, second also over the next 3 
quarters for the year, it depends on what growth we are able to exhibit in terms 
of businesses from different segment, that will also be a function of how the 
URR as a percentage of net premium could play out. Hence, very difficult to 
give a point number, but as I said it’s nothing but just earning of the premiums 
over the contract period. Predominantly, I would say a large part of our 
contracts are annual in nature, barring some of the long term policies that we 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
may issue, which is not a very large proportion of our overall numbers. But 
given the fact that a large majority of the policies that we’re writing our annual 
contracts, that actually depends on at what point of time we see growth getting 
exhibited and earnings will happen corresponding to this. A better thing to look 
for will be more maybe which is what we keep saying, look at it more from an 
absolute and final underwriting outcome in terms of the combined ratios, or 
maybe the loss ratio, which factors in both the element of earnings that has 
been done for the risk that has been underwritten and corresponding to that 
particular risk which has been earned what has been the claim experience 
therefore. That could be a better measure to kind of look for across different 
segments rather than just looking at only unexpected risk on an independent 
basis. That’s in response to your URR question.  
On the first question of yours in terms of why Crop portfolio has exhibited 
relatively lower loss ratio’s, as we keep saying generally quarter will always 
have aberrations in different lines of businesses in terms of loss experiences. 
And in the past, if you recollect the approach that we have followed, particularly 
on crop given the fact that we don’t have complete information on the claims 
position, we tend to reserve conservatively on a no profit, no loss basis 
however factoring for the cost of reinsurance protection that we take. As and 
when maybe you have evidences of claim getting factored in appropriately in 
terms of loss experience we tend to actualize those numbers. Hence to that 
extent, you will always find in some quarters when the claim experiences are 
getting actualized you will possibly see a loss ratio which is relatively lower 
than what you would have seen at the time when we estimated the loss 
experience. Which is why in Q1 you see the loss ratio’s on crop at maybe about 
65%. But, secondly when you look at the Crop earned Premium for this quarter 
is just about ₹ 8-9 crore. So, hence, from an absolute numbers standpoint, it 
does not have a material impact to the overall numbers for the quarter.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, principally the crop book that Bharti AXA had written while we had provided 
higher earlier in reality it is looking like a better book than what we had provided 
for, but the impact into the aggregate P&L is not material. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Prakhar Sharma from Jefferies 
India. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
You had identified some areas where you can have some cost efficiencies with 
the acquisition of Bharti AXA. So, over the next two years or so, what in your 
view will be the direction of combined ratio and return on equity, and what could 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
be the critical assumption that you are building in towards improving return on 
equity from about 15% which used to be plus 20%. And within that, the 
combined ratio which FY2021 was a good year and 99%-100% but now we 
are at 104%. So, if you could just give some direction over the next two years, 
where should we be expecting. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
So, Prakhar it is in line with what we said, simply because of the merger, we 
would have ended up with 104%-105%, we saw the synergy benefits of roughly 
₹ 200 crores that we anticipate annually , we said we will reinvest that back. 
And hence, we had said in the beginning of this year that our combined ratio 
will be elevated above our normal 100%-101% number that we had over the 
last few years. Elevated means it will be in this ballpark that you are seeing 
now, and over the next two years, we hope to bring it down gradually. We don’t 
expect the number to go below 100% in two year period, but the trend line 
would be gradual reduction. At the same time, the focus for us as we’ve been 
saying is that, we want to continue to grow some of these businesses where 
we are investing, particularly in health and digital and some of the other areas 
in the technology side that we are investing that is something that we want to 
continue to focus on. Because health business is relatively lower ROE than 
corporate business, it translates to ROE number which is in the high teens. 
That’s what we think we will be able to deliver, over next two years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Sanketh Godha from Spark Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I have two questions, one if you can give the break-up of health loss ratio which 
you have broken down into group health, retail health indemnity. So, just 
wanted to understand which segments drove the improvement in the loss 
ratio’s compared to the previous quarter. And second question was with 
respect to the commercial vehicles, we had a year-end target to achieve at 
around 25% total book to be commercial vehicle, which we seems to have 
achieved in the first quarter itself. So, how do we see this CV as a book with 
become a meaningful part whether it will go beyond 25% by the end of the 
year, and whether it is new led or renewal led is a point which I wanted to 
understand 
Gopal Balachandran: So, the first one Sanketh insofar as the health split on the loss ratios are 
concerned between corporate and retail indemnity book, the corporate loss 
ratios for this quarter stands at about 91% and on the retail indemnity book the 
loss ratio is at about 78%. This if you look at vis-à-vis last year honestly it will 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
not be a relative comparison, because that was a year where we had those 
impact of COVID losses, both on the corporate book as well as on the retail 
indemnity book, but the numbers what I gave you is for the current quarter one 
of this year. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sorry, Gopal the retail health ratio at 78% looks a little higher, we even have 
newer contribution to the entire pie, so just wanted to understand what clicked 
to that retail increase in Q4 FY2022, we had loss ratio of ~60%.  
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, so Sanketh as we keep saying that again, quarterly loss ratios has got 
many elements attached to it. And therefore, to that extent it may not 
necessarily be representative of what loss experience is for the book that we’re 
underwriting. So, hence to that extent, comparing a Q4 number with to Q1 of 
this year, may not be a like-to-like comparison, a better thing will be to start 
looking at loss experiences over annual cycle, which will be far more better 
reflection of the portfolio that one is underwriting. The second and more 
important thing is, if you recollect even what we had spoken during our annual 
earnings call in April, we did indicate that, particularly in Q1 FY2023, one could 
possibly see some still increase in non-COVID health intimations. That’s 
something we are continuing to see in this quarter, we did exhibit a relatively 
heightened number of claim intimations which has happened on the non-
COVID health front. The question for us is whether is it again just a bunch of 
cases, which has happened in quarter one, or is this trend line likely to be more 
structural in terms of intimations to continue in the next few quarters. So, we’ll 
observe Q2 FY2023, on how the intimations are happening so far as non-
COVID health claims are concerned. And, even on the ACS front we have seen 
slight increase in the average claim sizes relative to what we had seen in the 
earlier period, we are keeping a watch on that too, to see whether it is more 
structural or is there reduction as we look at the subsequent quarters. So, these 
are things that we will have to watch out for and maybe we’ll be able to come 
back with a better estimate of what directions the loss ratios could take. But 
insofar as the portfolio that we’re underwriting, as we explained, we are looking 
at writing a book on the retail indemnity side, which from a steady state 
standpoint both new plus renewal put together, we would want to see the 
portfolio running with a loss issue in the range of 65% to 70% 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. On the CV question? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Yes, on the CV, we believe our range will remain in the 20s, we reach about 
24% in this quarter, but the range will remain in the 20’s. That’s the plan. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Sanketh Godha: 
It will be new business led or renewal business led? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
It’s a both, we’ve gained in the new share also in the CV side, but larger focus 
is on the agency channel. So, it’ll be majorly old 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And the last one on the OPEX side the sales and promotion expenditure 
which almost doubled year-on-year which maybe have declined quarter-on-
quarter, so exactly what is this nature of this expenditure because I just wanted 
to understand it is more business expenditure than to get the higher business 
or how do we read this number it should be linked to the top line incrementally 
every time? 
Gopal Balachandran: Every expense that we incur is in connection with sourcing of businesses, and 
to that extent which is why when we look at the numbers, we always look at it 
more from a management expense ratio standpoint which includes both the 
commission’s that were required to pay for the cost of doing business and at 
the same time, some of the other operating expenses, which we incur in order 
to kind of run the business on a sustainable basis. Which is why I gave out that 
management expense change on variance between the quarter one last year 
and Q1 FY2023. That vis-à-vis the growth in revenues if you see our top line 
has grown by about 28%-29%. The management expense growth has been at 
about 27.8%. So, that’s the way we look at the numbers because end of the 
day, whether it is commission’s or whether it is operating expenses, all of them 
go into cost of doing the business. This will also include maybe some of the 
investments that we are doing particularly let say on the digital side for 
example, where we are required to do a lot of marketing, and other related 
promotional efforts those also gets into the sales promotion related costs. So, 
hence, the better way to look at it is more the expense ratio numbers, which is 
the management expense ratio number rather than looking at the line item on 
a standalone basis. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will take that as a last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Thank you guys for joining in and it’s pretty late in the day. And we are very 
happy to take any questions that you may have subsequently, look forward to 
meeting you during the course. Thank you, bye. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you so much. 

                                     ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions 
may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These forward-looking statements 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in 
business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and 
changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact 
of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other 
legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in 
the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter company with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake 
no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date there 
 
