ÿ
ft B\ t/ To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
xÿrm, ÿt. 
t
ft/1, ÿfr
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/l, G Block,
irÿT-cprf ÿiJ-Hÿ/Bandra-Kurla Complex,
ÿT5T (ÿ
)ÿt/Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051
*f.No. 17565/6/SE/NSEC/SEC
fÿ
Ttÿ/ Date: 27.07.2022
Trfm / h?Tkÿ
i
Dear Sir/Madam,
WTcf
BHARAT ELECTRONICS
WcT ?cÿ
tPTcRT
(W?T cm 75TT HcjJIdil)
MvjTlÿd cfcmlelil :
fÿj HMNKi
, efTicÿr - 560 045, ÿTRcT
Bharat Electronics Limited
(Govt, of India Enterprise, Ministry of Defence)
Registered Office : Outer Ring Road,
Nagavara, Bangalore - 560 045, INDIA.
CIN : L32309KA1954GOI000787
Telefax : +91 (80) 25039266
ÿ
-WE-mail : secretary@bel.co.in
WWeb : www.bel-india.com
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call with Investors/Analysts.
Ml" (TÿÿrftsTR) 2015 % 
f
t
f
t-MH 30 46 % srÿmr, 30 ÿr, 2022 ÿnri
fÿrrfr % ftrfnr mP «jii-h! wf % Pnr ÿr, 21 ÿ
ni, 2022 ÿipn 10:00
11:00 fÿÿ
iPcDÿ ÿRTÿiÿiPiri ÿÿ
yftfti
f
t wrÿ
i
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find
enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call hosted by IIFL Securities on
Thursday, 21St July, 2022 from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. for discussion on Financial
Results for the quarter ended 301h June, 2022.
y 
f
t Pi ft wft #rt www.bel.india.in ÿ ttwÿr % %
stÿrr |i5«iPk 7fr% fÿTjr tptt
https://bel-india.in/ContentHindi.asDx?MId=17&CId=423&LId=2&link==424
The aforementioned transcript is also made available on the website of the Company
www.bel.india.in under Investors - Stock Exchange Disclosure tab. The Weblink is
mentioned below:
https://bel-india.in/ContentPaqe.aspx?MId=17&CId=423&LId=l&link-423
This is for your information and record.
/ Thanking you,
ÿfhr/Yours faithfully,
STTTcf ÿ
<+dTR+U Pifÿ
For Bharat Electronics Limited
r/S SreenjVas \
r/Company Secretary

QUAUTY, TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
"Bharat Electronics Limited
Qi FY2023 Earnings Conference Call"
July 21, 2022
-ÿ
rif
L
BHARAT£L£CT#ON/CS
QUAUTY. TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
C H O H « S #' C A l L *
Analyst: Ms. Renu Baid - IIFL Securities Limited
Management: Mrs. Anandi Ramalingam - Chairman and Managing
Director In-charge & Director (Marketing) -
Bharat Electronics Limited
Mr. Dinesh Batra - Director (Finance) -Bharat
Electronics Limited
Mr. Damodar Bhattad - General Manager
Finance- Bharat Electronics Limited
Mr. Sreenivas - Company Secretary- Bharat
Electronics Limited
Page 1 of 26

BHAMT£l£Cr#ON/CS
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Q1
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of Bharat Electronics Limited
hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing 
"*" then "0" on your
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid from
IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Madam!
Renu Baid: Thank you. A very good morning ladies and gentlemen. Today
we have with us the management of Bharat Electronics to
discuss the 1Q FY2023 results and the outlook going ahead. The
management today is represented by Mrs. Anandi Ramalingam -
Chairman and Managing Director in charge and Director
(Marketing), Mr. Dinesh Batra - Director (Finance), Mr. Damodar
Bhattad - GM Finance, and Mr Sreenivas - Company Secretary.
Without taking much time I would now like to hand over the call
to Mrs. Anandi Ramalingam for her opening remarks thereafter
we can start the session with Q&A. Thank you and over to you
Madam!
Anandi Ramalingam: Good morning and thank you Ms. Renu. As you all know we
have done very well in the Q1 of this year. The results are
already being declared and you must have seen that. Maybe to
save time on the discussion I would just request our Director
(Finance) to give a few of the salient features of the Q1
performance and then we go into the Q&A because we need to
close at sharp 11 O
'clock.
Dinesh Batra: Good morning to all of you. I am Dinesh Batra, Director
(Finance), Bharat Electronics Limited. I am very pleased to
Page 2 of 26

BHMAT£L£Cr
f
iON/CS
quality, technology.innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
share about our Q1 performance. In the Q1 we have clocked
turnover of 3064 Crores, which is a growth of 95% Y-o-Y, our
profit before tax is at 578 Crores and profit after tax at 431
Crores and with these figures we are maintaining our guidance
of 15% growth on the annual basis FY 2022-23 and our EBITDA
which we told from 21% to 23% and we are quite hopeful of
maintaining it around 23%. Our material consumption in the Q1
has come down to 61.95% from 64.95% from the corresponding
quarter of previous year which is 3% down and which indicates
what we told that our attention is on the material consumption
and we are quite hopeful to bring it 200 BPS points from the
previous year which was at around 60% for the complete year
and this year we are quite hopeful to bring it down to 58 around.
Our employee benefit expenses also have come down from the
quarter of the previous year and we are having a higher other
income and this year we have received 78 Crores from our
associate company special dividend from GEBE and our order
book position is standing on July 1, 2022 at Rs.55,300 Crores.
Just to give you a glimpse of what major orders we have
executed during Ql. We have done LRSAM Akash missile
system, IACCS, AFNET, and CSS phase II so these are the major
highlights of the Ql financials and again I am reiterating with
the figures of Ql we are confident of achieving 15% growth on
the complete year and with this I hand over it back to CMD
Madam.
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes Ms. Renu we can continue further with the Q&A.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and
answer session. The first question is from the line of Ankur
Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go ahead.
Ankur Sharma: Good morning Madam. Thanks for your time. Three questions
from my side. One clearly we have seen a very strong execution
Page 3 of 26

BHAMmfCrfiON/CS
QUALITY, TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
come through in Q1 post Q4 and I remember you said there
were some shortages which had affected sales in Q4 and I am
clearly seeing some of that kind of going away so if you could
just update us how are we placed on that front, have supplies
improved, do you believe as we go into the forthcoming quarters
that should become less of a concern and we are also hearing
from some of the chip manufacturers also that supplies have
obviously gotten much better so some comments from your
side?
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes Mr. Ankur supplies have started, resumption has started.
Q4 of last year we had told that around 2600 Crores of our sales
had got impacted due to the chip shortage issues and we are
very happy to say that out of that about 821 we could liquidate
in the first quarter so 821 Crores got liquidated and the good
part is that most of the chip manufacturers have now started
giving us a commitment so with those commitments we are
quite confident that it will be little tight but we will be able to
meet our guidance of 15% growth.
Ankur Sharma:
Okay perfect. That is good to know. Madam second question
would be on the order inflows. Clearly Q1 obviously has always
been a weakest quarter the first half normally is a weakest
quarter for us and it has always been more of a second half
when we see a substantial pickup in ordering so if you could just
highlight the mix of orders which you expect to book this year
both the larger size and the regular radars and the smaller size,
the optronics and the communication devices, etc., so just some
colour there, which are some of the larger projects and some
medium size projects which you think could come our way to
kind of help us get to that 18000 to 19000 Crores number which
we are targeting for this year?
Page 4 of 26

BHARATRFCmON/CS
quality, technology iNNovAnoN Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes we are still retaining the guidance of 18 to 19; in fact we
are hoping that we will be able to touch 20000 Crores of order
equation this year. As of now I think around 850 Crores has
been acquired by us and the major projects which we are likely
to acquire in the corning months are Akash Prime which will
again be an order from BDL for about 4000 Crores. We have the
Himshakti order of electronic warfare system, land based
electronic warfare system which we were expecting to get it in
the month of March itself will now come through that is around
3200 then there is Rudra radar for the Air Force which we are
targeting at around 3000 Crores then we have mid-life of
helicopter EW system for Mi-17 helicopters which is around 1500
Crores. Recently DAC has given approval for WLR for another 12
numbers which is about 1000 Crores. Then we have a lot of ship
based programmes, NGMV, NGOPV and MPV, CTS, all these ship
based programmes we have already tendered out and one of the
other ship builders have become LI and there are umpteen
buyer nominated equipments in these, so each one of them is
roughly on an average about 2500 from dense kitty and other
than this for the naval fire we have another project called the
Lynx U2 which is a fire control system for which we have
received RFP separately and the bid has also been submitted so
this is also a high value project of about 2500 Crores then AMPs
are there and of course DMP upgrade programme which again
we were thinking that it will happen last year is likely to come
through in this year that will be around 2000 Crores and these
regular orders of AMC and orders of different types of
communication equipment and other things we will continue so
we are quite helpful of touching a reasonable figure of 20000
Crores this year. From civil side also some 500 Crores will be
there minimum of 500 Crores this will still be maintained, so
over and above the base whatever is the major order I have just
listed above.
Page 5 of 26

BHARAT£lECrRON/CS
QUALITY, TECHNOLOGY, INNOVATION
Ankur Sharma:
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Great. Just a last question. We see a big jump in other income
so just trying to understand what is driving that jump is it more
because of higher cash balances and therefore if you could also
help us on the debtor and the receivable position itself on the
balance sheet that is all from my side?
Dinesh Batra:
Moderator:
You are very right we have higher cash balances so the interest
income has gone up and now as interest rates are also firming
up so we are getting good returns, also in my opening remark I
told this Q1 we have received 78 Crores of special dividend from
our associate company GEBE so these two are the reasons for
the higher other income.
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from
Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.
Renjith Sivaram: Hi Madam congrats on good set of numbers. You had mentioned
last time around 2700 Crores of supplies impacted due to chip
shortage so is that complete 2700 done and you feel that there
is yet more in that?
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes out of that 2600 we could liquidate 821 Crores exactly in
this first quarter and the remaining will get liquidated 500 in Q2
and the remaining in Q3 and Q4, so we have started to get
funds from the chip manufacturer so we are confident of
liquidating the whole 2600 by Q4 of this year.
Renjith Sivaram: This additional amount will continue to happen in the next
couple of quarters also till this normalizes is that understanding
correct?
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes.
Renjith Sivaram: We have talked about the smart city investment 1500 Crores so
what is the status over there?
Page 6 of 26

BHAMraccmoN/cs
quality, technology, innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Anandi Ramalingam: As I have told you last time also we have given a final
proposal to the UP government as well as the Ministry of
Housing and Urban Affairs, they are now trying to take approval
for that so maybe another month or so they said they will be
able to get the final administrative approval post which they will
call us for a discussion on how to implement the said project but
we are sure that it will start somewhere in September and
October and large portion of it we may have to do it in the
current financial year itself.
Renjith Sivaram: I will join for further questions. Thanks for this.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lavina Quadros
from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Lavina Quadros: I just wanted to check something because of chip shortages
easing you have actually seen revenue growth being very strong
in 1Q so you have a backlog which should have been executed
last year which is being executed in the course of this year do
you think you can actually beat the 15% revenue growth
number of this year or is it that this impacted revenue of last
year is factoring your guidance just to understand?
Anandi Ramalingam: All the other projects also the commitments from the
semiconductor manufacturers are not in line with what we had
anticipated. There has been delay so cumulative delay will
always be there and the remaining project also a part of it is
getting affected. We will try but 15% we are very confident,
over and above that we will have to really see how it all pans
out maybe in the next 6 months.
Lavina Quadros: Thank you and lastly with the war in Russia Ukraine are you
seeing any additional commentaries from the Ministry to
Page 7 of26

BHAMmecr/toN/cs
quality, technology, innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
accelerate indigenization or any commentary any reforms you
think that could come up further from the Ministry?
Anandi Ramalingam: The Ministry has already indicated to us that we should no
longer be dependent on Russian and Ukraine suppliers so they
have asked us to find alternative and preferably indigenous one
so they have been singled out and lot of indigenous actions have
been initiated. Most of them we have at least given them a
roadmap on when and how we will be able to indigenize it and in
addition to that they are now asking us whether we can take up
the maintenance of Russian platforms, see all these platforms
have lot of electronics in it so Ministry has asked us and we are
examining it and looks like we will be able to do it but just
operations of these systems may not be a big problem but then
if we have to support them with lot of spares and other things
but we are trying to examine and see how much time it will take
and whether it is better to use our own system in place of the
system which is already there. So that detailed discission is
going on with the Ministry but this is a very good opportunity for
us we are also trying to encash on it but we will get some more
details in another two to three months.
Lavina Quadros: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from line of Vishal Biraia from
Max Life Insurance. Please go ahead.
Vishal Biraia: Madam good morning. With indigenization we were somewhere
around 45% of the BOM that we have which used to be about
50% earlier so in the next few years what would be your internal
target as to where would we want the indigenization to be?
Anandi Ramalingam: Indigenization I do not know whether you have got it right.
What we were telling you is (audio cut) 16:19 about 15000
Page 8 of 26

-
BHAXATRfCMON/CS
quality, technology, innqvation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Crores if you see 80% to 82% is from indigenous technology
that is either BEL developed or DRDO developed. Most of them
also have a foreign content in it because everything is not made
within the country so material cost is also there, so material cost
that is why we were telling that what if it is standing at 64% we
will try to reduce it by doing lot of indigenous development work
so it is at the subsystem or the component level but at the main
system level already a lot of work has happened and as I told
you 82% of the turnover is coming from indigenous technology,
out of the 82% may be around 40 to 42 is from DRDO and
remaining 40 is from BEL
's own developed product and systems.
Is it clear is that what you wanted?
Vishal Biraia: Yes absolutely. I was just trying to understand this 42%, 40% to
50% that BEL indigenously does, to what extent will this
increase over the next few years, are there any internally
targets that you would like to share?
Anandi Ramalingam: Our internal target is to have full 100% BEL developed
because of course we are the most preferential partners for
DRDO but then DRDO also you all know that they have got a
policy they have also started opening up so it is not that all
technology comes to us. The only major programmes or
programmes which are very complex and very critical in nature
they prefer some company like BEL who has got lot of
experience so smaller ones we are not very sure. It will surely
go up in fact long back if you see about 5 to 6 years back where
most of our indigenous products and systems were from either
from DRDO or from other recognized institutions now it is not
so, so we have slowly crossed 40% and as you rightly said we
have a target we have a target of reaching up to 75% and lot of
development work is happening on the civilian business side
especially for Airport Authority of India whatever requirement
they have we are trying to customize or whatever solutions we
Page 9 of 26

BHARATRFCTfiON/CS
0tmnrre.cHN0i.0GY, innovation Bhardt Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
have to meet their requirements and we are doing lot of work
for rail and metro business for railways so all these are purely
indigenous we are not taking technology or we are not
collaborating with any other institution for this so once this
comes through whatever is the turnover from our own
developed products and systems will surely go up.
Vishal Biraia: Just one last thing we were developing the TCA system for
railways and approval was pending so where are we currently
based on that?
Anandi Ramalingam: Development is going on, what to say it is quite very normal
and in fact it is much more than what we had anticipated good
development work has happened but for submission to taking up
the certification it may take little more time. This is a domain
which is new to us so whatever domain knowledge we had for
the services we are now trying to customize so lot of other
issues keep coming up now and then but the development is on
the right track and hopefully in another six months we should
get the certification. For metro anyway we have already
completed the trial order which DMRC had given us and they are
quite happy with that and they have already issued a circular to
all the other metros that this particular solution has to be
indigenous they cannot import it so it has already been put
under the banned list.
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from
Edelweiss. Please go ahead.
Amit Mahawar: I have just two questions. Some of the large platforms what are
the timelines especially on QRSAM, MRSAM, the LRSAM seems
to be delayed and then CIWS, in these three, four can you share
the timelines and you can also include (inaudible) 20:54?
Page 10 of 26

BHARATflECrRONICS
QUALITY. TECHNCH.OGY. IHNCVATION
Anandi Ramalingam: LRSAM phase II is concerned we really do not know when it
will happen of course there is a rethinking in navy whether they
should go ahead with the current solution or the one which is
developed by DRDO, but the one which is developed by DRDO
we are working with them for both the radar as well as the
weapon control system so either way it will be good for us but
then we are not able to really commit on the timelines as far as
LRSAM phase II is concerned but for QRSAM we have already
given a budgetary quote and army is going to take up the AoN
that is Acceptance of Necessity for this particular case maybe
another couple of months and post which they may order
QRSAM for about two regiments. The total requirement is for
four regiments but what we heard is that they will initially go for
two regiments and then follow it up with another two maybe
after couple of years. As far as MRSAM is concerned MRSAM Air
Force also now we have the firing unit which was delivered by
IAI for the contract which they got directly from DRDO and that
has already been completed. The firing trials have happened
post which Air Force has asked us to give a budgetary quote for
taking up necessary approvals so the finalization of budgetary
quote is in progress at BEL and maybe we will be able to submit
in another fortnight post which they will take up for the approval
so I think QRSAM as well as MRSAM may happen in the next
year 2023-2024 because after they take the AoN then the RFP
will be issued then we will respond to the RFP then negotiation
will happen then CSA approval so most likely it will be 2023-
2024. As far as EW systems are concerned we are still to receive
any formal response from HAL on this on both the LCH and the
ALH but of course Ministry has already told that it will be BEL
solution but when exactly this will happen we are also not very
clear because the existing order of ALH is still being executed by
HAL so post which the second lot of ALH order which they get
only they will be trying to fit our EW suit.
Page 11 of26

BHAMTRFCmON/CS
ouMirf.TECHNoi.oGY. innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Amit Mahawar: Got it Madam and second question was on your imports. Of all
the total imports that BEL has what is the share of imports from
particularly Russia and separately from Ukraine if you can spell
out and this far have we got any impact in terms of overall
disruption that we had so broadly can you share the import
share of specifically Russia and Ukraine?
Anandi Ramalingam: The import share of Russia and Ukraine will not be very high
it will be less than 5%. See mainly from Russia we buy lot of
components which are used in all the tanks T-90, T-72 tanks so
maybe around 300 Crores very less and our vendor base in
Ukraine is also not very high it is only some 5 to 6 suppliers that
is why we are not affected much from these issues post Russia
Ukraine crisis.
Amit Mahawar: Got it Madam thank you and best of luck.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Bhinde
from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Amit Bhinde: I just had a question on the topline your guidance of 15% how
much of semiconductor supplies can come through which could
raise the revenue growth guidance because if you look at last
year
,s numbers you said that 2600 Crores was based on account
of semiconductor shortage so effectively we would reach about
17000 to 18000 Crores of topline which is exactly equal to the
semiconductor shortage that we had last year so are we
suggesting there is no big real growth this year on account of
semi issues?
Dinesh Batra: It is not true in fact like last year whatever shortfall on account
of semiconductor we tried to fulfill through some other projects
so it is not that the total growth is coming from whatever we are
completing the last year shortage it is not so this is a real
Page 12 of 26

BH4PATFIFCWON/CS
QUALITY, TECHNOLOGY, INNOVATION
Amit Bhinde:
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
growth and to grow at the rate of 15% is I feel even that is a
struggle. Last year it is not that we could have done, some of
the shortfall on the account of semiconductor we try to fulfill
from the other projects.
Let me Sir ask you differently if I look at the 15% growth it
implies only 6% growth for the balance 9 months of the three
quarters of the year remaining so is that number suggesting
some issue on the backlog some slow moving orders there?
Anandi Ramalingam: No, it is not that see as I told you for the remaining projects
also clear commitment we have not got as far as the
semiconductors are concerned so wherever the semiconductor
commitments have been received by us based on that we are
giving a guidance of 15%.
Amit Bhinde:
So that is what I was asking if you receive the commitment what
could be the run rate could it be 20%, could it be 25%?
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes it will be difficult for us to tell. See finally even if we get
the commitment we need to see whether we have the capacity,
we have the SDUS which we will be able to handle them, so all
these issues will be discussed as and when it comes through but
there is a possibility that it can go up if all these issues are
resolved but we also do not want to give some commitment or
something which we are not very sure of.
Amit Bhinde: I was just asking what could be the civil revenue growth for the
year?
Dinesh Batra: As you said 17900 around but we will be able to clock some
15% will be coming from the civil segment.
Amit Bhinde:
15% of revenue would be civil, so it would be a growth of 20%?
Page 13 of 26

BHARAT£l£Cr#ON/CS
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
Dinesh Batra:
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Amit Bhinde:
See you do not take that what is the growth of the civil our civil
is yet to happen in a real way as CMD was telling that lot of
projects are under development from the rail, metro and civil
aviation, in fact they were not giving orders in the indigenous
market Indian market till now so now when that will happen and
that will start happening from 2023 to 2024 for the next five
years so real growth we will talk in the civil segment then.
Today what I am saying out of 18000 Crores around the 15%
will be coming in this year from the civil segment.
Okay thank you so much Sir.
Anandi Ramalingam: See one more point which I would like to tell you is last year
as DFO also telling we compensated for the 2600 to some extent
by pulling up some of the smaller projects which we had planned
for execution in this current year so that question is already
gone so that comfort is not there. See we always keep some
small projects for which we can realize the revenue quickly we
keep such projects but those projects have all been exhausted.
Amit Bhinde:
Yes Madam that reconciles it. Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from
Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.
Nitin Arora: Can you update us on this Himshakti order the electronic
warfare system and it has been taking quite long can you tell us
exactly where it is stuck this upgradation part of the
Samyuktha-1 that is my first question?
Anandi Ramalingam: Actually it has not got stuck what happened was when the
final CFA approval was to be taken army thought that they can
take the latest one because some more technology upgradation
they were looking at whether that can happen within the same
project so that discussion happened we also examined and we
Page 14 of26

BHAMreiecr/fON/cs
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
said a portion of it we will be able to handle but not the
complete one, so what we are now proposing is that they will
take it up in two different contrasts one will be the earlier one as
it is and one the upgrade one which will have the latest
technology which army is asking for so that decision took little
time so the equation wing also finally told them to process it as
two separate orders so the statement of the case for the second
order has just been made but the first order is in the pipeline I
think it has gone to the NSC National Secretariat Council it has
gone there and most probably once it comes back then it will go
to CCS directly. Once CCS approval is obtained we should be
getting the order.
Nitin Arora: In this 3200 Crores which you mentioned has there been a
revision in the contract price and is that yours or ECIL will also
be part of it just one clarification?
Anandi Ramalingam: No there is no revision in the price, it is the same only and
ECIL is our vendor in this a portion of it we are buying from ECIL
that is it.
Nitin Arora:
Any update on the Rudra radar on the development side?
Anandi Ramalingam: Rudra radar already CNC is on it is likely to be concluded
shortly. It is a very clean case and it is under the approval or
. Raksha Mantri only so another 2 to 3 months I think we should
be getting that order.
Nitin Arora:
So it will come this year or FY2024?
Anandi Ramalingam: This year.
Dinesh Batra: Both will come this year.
Anandi Ramalingam: Both will come.
Page 15 of 26

BHARATElFCrftON/CS
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY. INNOVATION
Nitin Arora:
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Thank you so much. All the best.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel
from Equinus Securities. Please go ahead.
Harshit Patel:
Hi Sir. Thank you very much for the opportunity. My first
question would be on our capex plan could you give us an
update on the capex that we were doing at multiple locations
like Palasamudram, Nimmaluru, Nagpur what is the status,
when we
be commercialized and what would be our overall
capex outlook for the next two years?
Dinesh Batra:
What all projects you told these all were part of our around 3000
Crores of capex which we had planned and out of which some
2000 Crores has already happened and Nimmaluru is very
nearing completion this year I am very hopeful it will get
completed. Nagpur land has been acquired and now the
perimeter wall the construction is on. Palasamudram there was
an issue of certain limitations being put up by the authority as
they had brought it under the red zone and certain clarifications,
etc., were required so those things discussions are going on and
I am quite hopeful that now our building plans, etc., will be
finalized after getting the clarification from the Andhra Pradesh
Industrial Authorities and all other projects are underway,
whatever capex we had planned. This year we are hopeful of
achieving around 1000 Crores of capex and most of our capex
plans are on the way. It is underway as we had scheduled
except this Anantapur that is Palasamudram is called where
some land issues from the authorities were cropped up after our
acquiring of land.
Harshit Patel:
Sure understood Sir. Thank you very much for the update. My
second question would be on our content in LCA Tejas Mark 1A I
believe we are already supplying DFCC that is digital flight
Page 16 of26

BHARATflFCTRON/CS
QUALITY, 7F.CHN0t.0GY. INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
control computer and also ADC so apart from that what are the
other products that are going into LCA Mark 1A so out of 36000
Crores order that HAL had got so out of that what is passed on
to us, now on top of that whenever the Uttam radar will come
into picture I think right now we are buying it from one of the
Israeli company, but when Uttam AESA radar is going into it
does that improve our content in that particular project, what
part we will be playing in that particular radar project?
Anandi Ramalingam: Other than the DFCC data computer we are supplying lot of
weapon systems packages like the pylon interface box and other
boxes, so altogether our share is about 3300 Crores about 10%
currently, we have already got the order from HAL and as you
rightly said once the Uttam radar is approved then for the
production agency of Uttam radar is BEL only. BEL has only
manufactured the prototype also and that is now subjected to
trial so this should increase our content maybe each radar
maybe about 50 to 60 Crores. Initially do not know the number
that we take right now they may go in for some 60% of
imported or 50% of indigenous that is not yet finalized the
proportion is not yet finalized, the ratio is not finalized so post
which we will be able to give you a firm indication of our
contribution to LCA Mark 1A.
Harshit Patel: Just a followup to that as you rightly mentioned our content is
right now 10% to 12% of the overall order so around 3000
Crores so where the 10% to 12% number can go up in the
future projects like LCA Mark 2, AMCA can we have something
like 20% to 25% kind of content or would that be too much?
Anandi Ramalingam: No, we are also targeting about 20% to 25%. We are now
developing the EW suite which also they were procuring earlier
from a company called Saab of Europe so EW suite as well as
the radar and the machine computer also if it gets delivered
Page 17 of26

j or/-£C7 $3(ncrÿ
 //uicr<
BHARATHFCrfiON/CS
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY, INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
from them then that content will obviously go up much more
than 25%.
Harshit Patel:
Moderator:
Abhijit Mitra:
Understood that. Madam thank you very much for answering my
question.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.
Thanks for taking my question. The question is more on the
possible order that you see from the rotary wing platforms of
HAL over the next couple of years what can the potential order
intake be and just to understand the radar warning receiver and
the MOSS in Tejas Mark 1 will that come to BEL or will it come
to India as a competitive tender or what is your view on that?
Anandi Ramalingam: As I was mentioning earlier right now it is well imported
source which HAL is getting as far as EW suite is concerned but
parallelly we are developing G-8 and HAL has also been told that
they should stop importing henceforth so that will surely
happen. Not only the radar warning receiver, MOSS but also we
are targeting DIRCM directed infrared counter measures system
so if that also comes through it will surely go up much further.
Abhijit Mitra:
Just to add a followup here because you have got interestingly
the RWR and the MOSS, order of C295 right so those are also
for the back ended production in India or?
Anandi Ramalingam: Pardon.
Abhijit Mitra: The second batch would be produced in India?
Anandi Ramalingam: Completely it will be produced in India. You are telling about
the aircraft or?
Page 18 of26

BHARATEIFCTRON/CS
quakty. mcHNo,.mx innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Abhijit Mitra: C295 aircrafts yes because the first batch will be flown in and
the second batch will be produced here so all this is for the
second batch?
Anandi Ramalingam: Pardon.
Abhijit Mitra: This order of C295 is for the second batch right that will be
produced in India?
Anandi Ramalingam: It is for the complete as you rightly said some aircrafts are
getting delivered directly by Airbus remaining will done along
with Tata's in India but this order which we have got is for the
complete lot.
Abhijit Mitra: Okay so then why is this dichotomy between Tejas Mark 1A and
cannot there be cross marketed?
Anandi Ramalingam: LCA Mark 1A or Tejas is a fighter aircraft whereas C295 is a
transport aircraft so the requirements are slightly different.
Abhijit Mitra: Yes that is true absolutely but I am saying cannot these
capabilities be cross marketed?
Anandi Ramalingam: No it can be but that is why I said that the development is
happening. In a helicopter you will have to that the firm fit also
is very, very important. It has to be as light as possible because
the space there is very less so all this customization and the
technological development is happening now and we are quite
confident that maybe after some few numbers they should be
able to take our solution.
Abhijit Mitra: Sure and just one couple of lines on the rotary aircraft possible
order so that you see over the next couple of years?
Page 19 of26

BHAMTEUCrfiON/CS .
quality, technology, innovation B ha rat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Anandi Ramalingam: All the other rotary aircraft like ALH and CHF we are already
supplying the electro-optic payload which is manufactured at our
Chennai plant that is being supplied. Then we are also supplying
the head up display also we are supplying from our Panchkula
unit and slowly we are trying to see whether we will be able to
pitch in our EW system along with the DIRCM.
Abhijit Mitra: Got it. That is all from my side. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia
from Max Life Insurance. Please go ahead.
Vishal Biraia: Sir I am just coming back to the railway TCA order what could
be the potential size because it seems that it could be Rs.70
Crores per kilometer as the opportunity so how big is the
opportunity that you are targeting?
Anandi Ramalingam: May be around Rs.12000 Crores of course it is a rough
estimate it is not a very detailed one but it will be around
Rs. 10000 Crores to Rs. 12000 Crores.
Vishal Biraia: Of this what will be imported?
Anandi Ramalingam: Pardon.
Vishal Biraia: Of this Rs.10000 Crores to Rs.12000 Crores what will be
imported currently out of it?
Anandi Ramalingam: All of it is getting imported.
Vishal Biraia: When you mentioned that DMRC has written to the other metros
that this should not be imported anymore so can this 10% to
12%?
Anandi Ramalingam: Not the TCA it is the ATS automatic train supervising system.
Page 20 of 26

BH4PAT£l£CT
f
iON/CS
QUALITY. TECHNOLOGY, INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Vishal Biraia: Rs. 10000 Crores to Rs. 12000 Crores is we are referring to TCA?
Anandi Ramalingam: Yes exactly.
Vishal Biraia: We received approval for the metro side and the railways are
still in trials?
Anandi Ramalingam: Railways are still on trials yes.
Vishal Biraia: Okay fair enough Madam. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia
from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Harshit Kapadia: Thank you for the opportunity and Congrats for good set of
numbers. A couple of questions from my side. Could you also
help us with the EBITDA margin guidance for FY2023 given that
your material consumption is going to come down by 200 bps so
can we expect sharp rise in the EBITDA margin for FY2023?
Dinesh Batra:
I am maintaining the margin around 21% to 23% then I give
the range but I am very hopeful of coming around 23% and that
is after taking into account of some 200 bps points reduction in
the material consumption but that is the whole year we have to
control it as the prices are increasing, inflation is going up, etc.,
interest rates are forming so that will be a big challenge to
maintain it around 23% but we are very hopeful because we
have not to take into account only the material consumption but
there are other expenses also so we are keeping close watch on
those so we will maintain it around 21% to 23%.
Harshit Kapadia: Fair enough Sir. A couple of questions in the non-defence side so
can we expect the execution of the EVM and VVPAT order to be
done in FY2023?
Page 21 of 26

BHAMmfCmON/CS
quality, technology, innovation Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Anandi Ramalingam: Partially in FY2023 may be about 40% because this also got
affected because of the semiconductor ship shortage just last
week we got a commitment from the supplier so a part of it will
get delivered by March that is Q4 of this year and the remaining
will be Q1 of next year so maybe in the ratio of 40 to 60.
Harshit Kapadia: Understood and that order size for this was close to Rs.4000
Crores is that correct madam?
Anandi Ramalingam: No Rs.1500 Crores.
Harshit Kapadia: Rs.1500 Crores sorry and could you help us to get more clarity
on the space electronic I know we had lost out on the first
tender are you seeing more tenders coming out from the space
side on the rocket can highlight anything?
Anandi Ramalingam: No other tender has come through but we are in discussion
with ISRO. We are just seeing if there is any other opportunities
will come through. Meanwhile L&T has asked us whether we will
be interested in manufacturing some of that orders which they
are getting for the PSLV rocket launchers so we are in discussion
with them. We will have to see if it is viable and if it makes
sense for us we will start that.
Harshit Kapadia: Thanks and all the best.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh from
Logictree. Please go ahead.
Venkatesh: Good morning. My question is in terms of the order book out of
the total order book of Rs.55000 Crores if we are able to
execute Rs.18000 odd Crores in this year the remaining would
get executed would it be fair to say over the next two years
FY2024 and FY2025 and if it is the case what kind of
Page 22 of 26

-
Bf/AMTRFCmON/CS
QUALITY. 7F.CHN0l.0GY, INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
replenishment of orders do you expect over the next two years
to keep going on from FY2025 onwards?
Anandi Ramalingam: After maybe as I told you next year we will be getting both
QRSAM and MRSAM these are all big orders. QRSAM will be in
the range of Rs.20000 Crores and MRSAM also will be in the
range of Rs. 15000 Crores to Rs.20000 Crores so once those
orders come up the order book will really shoot up. What we are
now telling is the normal orders which we have been getting for
the last two to three years just like how we got Akash seven
squadron order and LRSAM order that will really made us to go
beyond the Rs.50000 Crores order book so similar thing can
happen in the next year or so.
Dinesh Batra:
Venkatesh:
In fact I would like to add on this. Order book is a dynamic thing
it is not that today Rs.55300 Crores and it will be executed in
the next two years they are with the staggered delivery
depending on the platforms available and it keeps on building
up. If we are saying Rs.20000 Crores order inflow this year and
some Rs. 18000 Crores get executed so it will be standing
around Rs.60000 Crores next year and that will get again
executed next two to three to four years so it is a dynamic thing
it is very difficult to say that the whole thing will get executed.
Fine. Thank you Sir and the second question is you talked about
the ship building orders so if you talk about some of these ship
yard companies in India Mazagon and GRSE what kind of order
execution or order inflows do you think can happen with respect
to ship yard this year FY2023?
Anandi Ramalingam: That is what we told you for NGOPV, NGMV, CTS, MPV
altogether around Rs. 12000 Crores. This year itself we are
targeting. For all these programs the CNC is already concluded
and we are expecting the order anytime now.
Page 23 of 26

w
BHARAT£l£Cr
f
tON/CS
QUALITY, TF.CHtmi.OGf, INNOVATION
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Venkatesh: Okay madam and my last question was exports has target,
internally do you have a number that you think over the next
few years you want to reach in terms of topline or as a
percentage of overall sales whatever it makes sense to me?
Anandi Ramalingam: Our target is to reach 10% of turnover through exports but
currently it is very less. You are asking about exports is not it?
Venkatesh: Yes, but is that not a very massive opportunity madam because
I think we are looking at exporting more orders in terms of
electronics, defense everything?
Anandi Ramalingam: True but then it has its own challenges. I have been keeping
on telling of course earlier we never used to get the clearances
from all the services but of late we are getting clearances but
conditional clearance that we will have to reduce whatever the
features or make it a little different and all, so a lot of
customization work is also required so what happens is many of
the tenders which we participate they ask us whether their
equipment is readily available so that puts a real challenge on us
so we are also a little selective but then the opportunities are
quite huge and in the order acquisition front we have done quite
well last year we got an order of about $180 million and this
year we are targeting about $400 million to $450 million of
acquisition so with it is not now hopefully in the next two to
three years it should stabilize and we should at least steady the
target of about 10% of our turnover coming from exports. We
have set up lot of overseas marketing offices and we are now at
least started participating in all these tenders that is our good
point of it.
Venkatesh:
Madam thank you so much.
Page 24 of 26

BHAMTElFCTfiON/CS
quality, technology, INNOVATION Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints this
will be the last question for today and the question is from the
line of Bharat Parekh from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Bharat Parekh: Good morning madam and congratulations on the improved
execution. If I may request for details of the order inflows for
the last year FY2022 some of the larger orders if you can
highlight apart from the D-29 electronics system and IEWR
which we know that will be helpful if you can give the details of
Rs. 18000 Crores?
Anandi Ramalingam: The major orders you yourself have told D-29 then the IEWR
then some orders we got from (inaudible) 50:59?
Bharat Parekh: How much would that be madam?
Anandi Ramalingam: Totally it was around Rs.3500 Crores I think. Then the
avionics package from LCA. Then we got the electronic warfare
suite for D-29 and of course also the export order for C-295.
Then we had a commander TI for T-90 tanks which was again
around Rs.900 Crores. So I will tell you the major one. Then we
got some fuse order also for our Pune plant. One major anti
drone system for all the three services and some export orders
all put together around Rs.1900 Crores. I think our major one is
Rs. 19000 Crores. The major ones I have told you.
Bharat Parekh: Of this avionics for LCA and EW for D-29 if you can help us with
the value please?
Anandi Ramalingam: D-29 was around Rs.1688 Crores and avionics package was
Rs.264 Crores, altogether maybe around Rs.2200 Crores or so.
Bharat Parekh: Thank you so much and wish you the best of luck.
Page 25 of 26

j cWC7 &cn>crc//c7cr*
BHARATFlfCMON/CS
QUALITY, 7e.CHNOi.OGr. INNOVATION
Moderator:
Renu Baid:
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 21, 2022
Thank you. As that was the last question for today I now hand
the conference to Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Over to you
Madam!
Well on behalf of IIFL Securities I would like to thank the
management of Bharat Electronics for giving us this opportunity
to host the call. Madam and Sir would you like to make any
closing comments before we close this call closing remarks.
Anandi Ramalingam: We maintain the guidance of 15% growth in revenue and
about 21% to 23% of EBITDA margin and an order intake of
minimum of Rs.20000 Crores.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now
disconnect your lines.
Page 26 of 26
