NSE & BSE / 2022-23 / 80 
July 26, 2022 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 22, 2022 
Ref:  Our earlier intimations under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2022-23 / 68 dated July 
13, 2022 (‘Intimation’) 
In continuation of the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript 
of the investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 22, 2022, for your information and records.  
The transcript of the Analyst Call is also made available on the Company’s website 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q1FY23.pdf (persistent.com) 
This is for your information and records. 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: A/a 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
AMIT 
MURARI 
ATRE
Digitally signed by 
AMIT MURARI 
ATRE 
Date: 2022.07.26 
18:44:44 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
FIRST QUARTER, FY23 ENDED JUNE 30, 2022” 
July 22, 2022 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
Mr. Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems 
earning conference call for first quarter of FY23 ended June 30, 2022. We 
have with us today on call Dr. Anand Deshpande, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra, Executive Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Sunil Sapre, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Saurabh Dwivedi, Head of Investor Relations, and Mr. Amit Atre, Company 
Secretary. Please note, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to speak and ask questions after 
managements opening remarks. Should you need any assistance during 
the conference call, please raise your hand from the participant tab on the 
screen. While asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and 
your company. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
over to Mr. Sandeep Kalra. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, moderator. Good afternoon, good morning, good evening to 
all of you, depending on where you're joining from. It is good to be with 
you once again. As always, we would like to start this call by thanking each 
one of our 21,600-plus Persistent team members, our customers, our 
partners, and shareholders for their continued support. I would also like to 
take this opportunity to congratulate my colleague, Saurabh Dwivedi, our 
Head of Investor Relations with whom many of you interact on a regular 
basis.  Saurabh and his wife were blessed with a new-born baby girl earlier 
this week. We would like to start this call with a video summarizing the 
quarter gone by. For those of you who may not be joining this call with a 
video, please bear with us and we'll go through the details in call as we 
progress through the call.  Can I have the video please?  
 
This was a quarter of growth across all major business metrics despite an 
evolving macroeconomic environment. The revenue for Q1 came in at 
$241.52 million, giving us a growth of 11.1% quarter-on-quarter and 44.8% 
on year-on-year basis. In rupee terms, this translates into a growth of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
14.7% quarter-on-quarter and 52.7% on year-on-year basis respectively.  
This was the first full quarter of consolidation for Data Glove, while 
MediaAgility was consolidated for a period of nearly two months from May 
4, 2022. Adjusting for the revenue from these required entities, our 
organic growth for the quarter was 5.6% on a sequential basis and 30.5% 
on a Y-o-Y basis in US dollar terms. As you are aware, this robust growth 
comes on the back of four successive quarters of 9%-plus sequential 
growth, most of which was organic. 
Coming to EBIT, our EBIT for Q1 came in at INR 2,688 million, giving us an 
EBIT margin of 14.3%. This translates into an EBIT growth of 16.8% on a Q-
o-Q basis, and 61.4% on Y-o-Y basis. Our EBIT margin expanded by 30 basis 
points on a sequential basis despite various headwinds including 
continued supply side challenges, higher travel costs, higher amortization, 
and visa cost, which happens once in a year in the Q1 for us. Healthy 
revenue growth and currency where the key tailwinds that aided margins. 
Sunil will go in much more details on the EBIT margin movement later in 
the call 
Coming to the order booking for the quarter, Q1 was a record high for us 
in terms of TCV orders won.  The total contract value for the quarter came 
in at $394 million, with new bookings TCV coming in at $230.3 million. The 
annual component of the contract value from this TCV is to the tune of 
$263 million, of which the new bookings ACV contributed $139.8 million.  
All of these data points are reflected in the transcript shared with you.  As 
you may already be aware by now, these booking numbers, TCV and ACV 
include all bookings, small and large, renewals, as well as new bookings 
across existing and new customers. 
On the people front, we brought in a total of 3,039 new colleagues 
including 545 from our acquisition of MediaAgility.  This brings our total 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
employee base to 21,638 as at the end of June 2022. This is the first quarter 
where our employee count has crossed 20,000 and it's a proud milestone 
for all of us at Persistent. Out of the total net hiring, we added 1,950 fresh 
graduates in line with our strategy to expand the sources of talent for a 
profitable growth going forward. These fresh graduates are undergoing 
training in various technology and business areas and will be deployed over 
the next three to six months. We expect to add another 1,350 fresh 
graduates in Q2 this financial year as a part of our fresher hiring program. 
The utilization for the quarter came in at 79.5%, a 1.1% decline from 80.6% 
for Q4. This utilization is excluding the freshers added during the quarter.  
For your reference, the freshers are taken in the utilization calculation post 
a three-month training period at Persistent. 
Also, the utilization rate is a function of our endeavors to operate 
efficiently while maintaining a healthy buffer to staff future programs on 
time. Fresher addition and increased utilization over time will be key 
operational levers for us to absorb the impact of wage hikes in Q2 and 
other margin headwinds going forward, while giving us the cushion to 
grow the way our bookings are. The trailing 12-month attrition for the 
quarter came in at 24.8% compared to 26.6% in Q4 excluding the 
substantial addition of freshers as mentioned above. The trailing 12-month 
attrition for the quarter came in at 26.3%. We continue to focus on 
strengthening our employee value proposition through various initiatives 
including employee engagement, L&D interventions, career planning, as 
well as suitable monetary incentives. 
We do expect the trailing 12-month attrition to gradually moderate over 
the course of financial year driven by fresher addition across the industry 
and better EVP outcomes at our own organization. There are a few other 
highlights from this quarter that I would like to share with you.  The quarter 
gone by saw some changes in our Board composition. The term for three 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
of our Independent Board Members, Pradeep Bhargava, Thomas Kendra, 
and Guy Eiferman came to an end at the recently concluded AGM.  I would 
like to extend sincere gratitude to Pradeep, Tom, and Guy for their 
contribution to our Board. They've been strong pillars in our growth 
journey, and we would like to wish them the best for their future.  At the 
same time, I'm excited to welcome Arvind Goel, Dr Ambuj Goyal, and Dan’l 
Lewin to our Board and we look forward to working closely with them for 
the next phase of Persistent’s growth.  We have shared more details on 
our Board members on our website and as a part of our AGM as well. 
Coming to acquisitions, the integration of our acquired businesses is 
progressing well.  We are pleased with the way our Data Glove and 
MediaAgility teams are integrating with the broader organization. We are 
seeing some early wins as a result of teamwork and cross-pollination of 
capabilities across our unified customer base.  We are confident all this will 
bode well for us as an organization and each of our acquired entities will 
fuel a new avenue of growth for us over the coming quarters and years.  
Coming to ESG, we continue to make good progress on the ESG front.  We 
onboarded Ms. Chitra Byregowda as our Head of ESG. She comes with 
extensive experience in the field of sustainability, diversity, and inclusion, 
as well as employee well-being, and has worked with reputed IT services 
firms in similar roles earlier. We also released our inaugural ESG report for 
FY 2021-22 last month along with our annual report, wherein we have 
highlighted our short, medium, and long-term ESG goals. This report is 
available for your reference on our website as well as with the goals clearly 
articulated.  
In summary, we are pleased with the strong start to financial year 23 with 
healthy revenue growth, strong order wins across our focused industry 
segments, a healthy pipeline, stable profitability despite increasing 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
amortization on account of acquisitions. With this, I will turn the call to our 
CFO, Sunil Sapre to give a detailed color on the quarterly financials and 
related matters.  I'll come back after Sunil’s comments to give you some 
more details on key client wins and list of awards, and other recognitions 
for the quarter.  Sunil, over to you. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Yeah, thank you, Sandeep and good evening, good day to all and thank you 
for taking the time to join us today and Sandeep has given you an overview 
of the business performance.  Let me walk you through the financial details 
for the quarter ended June 30th. We had another strong quarter of growth, 
revenue for the quarter at $241.52 million and Q-o-Q growth of 11.1% and 
Y-o-Y growth of 44.8%. Of this, the organic growth was 5.6% and 5.5% 
came from acquisitions. As you will recall, we had announced these 
acquisitions, one Data Glove in March 2022 and MediaAgility during May 
22. Revenue for the quarter in INR terms was ₹18,781 million, reflecting 
growth of 14.7% quarter-on-quarter and 52.7% year-on-year. 
Our services revenue continued to grow strongly and registered growth of 
13.5% quarter-on-quarter while IP-led revenue declined by 12.8%, largely 
on account of lower royalty income during the quarter. Coming to the 
segmental growth for the quarter, we saw all the segments registering 
healthy growth. BFSI grew by 15.6%, Technology Companies segment grew 
at 10.1%, some of the inorganic growth came in this segment, which is the 
Technology Companies segment, while Healthcare grew by 6.7%. 
In terms of nature of revenue, offshore linear revenue grew by 11.1% 
primarily on account of volume growth of 9.3%, while billing rate increased 
by 1.6%. The onsite linear revenue grew by 17.4%, comprising of volume 
growth of 17.2%, while billing rate increased by 0.2%. Now to give you a 
little more color on the movement of customer segments, you would have 
noticed that from this quarter onwards, in line with requests from some of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
you, we have started to disclose revenue from our Top-20 and Top-100 
customers in addition to revenue from Top-1, Top-5 and Top-10 customers 
as we have been earlier providing. On a year-on-year basis, Top-1 
customer revenue saw marginal decline of 0.6%, Top 2-5 client category 
grew by 41.4%, Top 6-10 by 42.2% and Top 11-20 by 52.7%, Top 21-50 by 
48.6% and Top 51-100 by 58.2%. So, what these data points indicate is a 
reflection of healthy broad-based growth across our customer segments 
and bodes well for us from a client concentration perspective. 
Further, starting from this quarter, we are also providing additional details 
on the client buckets for the quarter gone by. Customer count in greater 
than $30 million bucket rose to 3 from 2 in the last quarter, in $20-30 
million bucket the customer count has remained constant at 2, in $10-20 
million category as well, the count is steady at 6, in $5-10 million category, 
the count was stable at 15, while in $1-5 million category, the number of 
customers increase from 93 in the last quarter to 104 in this Q1 of FY23. 
Just to clarify, this customer categorization is on TTM revenue and not 
forward-looking revenues of these customers. The comparative data on 
these customer categories has been provided in the fact sheet as a part of 
our earnings disclosures. We hope these additional disclosures will give 
better insights into and confidence on the broad-based nature and 
momentum of the business. 
Coming to the margins, as you know, during the quarter, currency 
movement was favorable and had 90 basis points positive impact on 
margin. The higher travel expenses include H1B visa filing costs this 
quarter, which is a seasonal feature. We could collect some of the 
receivables, which were provided for earlier, releasing some basis points 
to the margin and with that, EBITDA for the quarter was 17.7% as against 
17.2% in the previous quarter and 16.4% in Q1 of last year. Coming to 
depreciation and amortization, amortization was higher on account of the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
new acquisitions. During the quarter, we acquired MediaAgility, while Data 
Glove was acquired in March 22. Thus, this quarter had the full quarter 
impact of Data Glove acquisition and about two months’ impact of 
MediaAgility acquisition. With this, EBIT came in at 14.3% versus 14% in 
the previous quarter and 13.5% in Q1 of last year. 
We have consolidated Persistent ESOP Trust’s Financials starting from this 
quarter. As you know, the company has given a loan to ESOP Trust for 
purchase of shares from the secondary market and the interest earned on 
this loan as a result of consolidation has been eliminated in the financial 
statements. This was one of the reasons for lower treasury income.  
Secondly, we also spent significant amount of cash, about INR 400 crores 
to fund the acquisitions over the last two quarters, the acquisitions of Data 
Glove and MediaAgility. Thus, the treasury corpus has reduced to that 
extent over last few months, and then there is a small impact of mark-to-
market on the long-term mutual funds due to increase in interest rates on 
the back of higher inflation. The treasury income for the quarter was ₹89 
million as against ₹251 million in the previous quarter. Forex gain was ₹42 
million as against ₹120 million in the previous quarter. With that, profit 
before tax was ₹2,819 million at 15% as against 16.3% in the previous 
quarter. 
ETR was 24.9% as against 24.8% in the previous quarter and PAT for the 
quarter was 2,116 million at 11.3% of revenue as against ₹2,010 million in 
the previous quarter at 12.3% of revenue. EPS for the quarter was ₹28.50 
as against ₹26.30 in the previous quarter. For the purpose of EPS 
calculation, shares held by the ESOP trust are reduced as treasury shares 
and hence, while the growth in EPS is 8.4%, the growth in reported PAT is 
5.3%. Operational capex for the quarter was ₹1,136 million. Cash and 
investment on the books as on 30th June was ₹14,792 million as compared 
to ₹17,473 million at the end of March. DSO came in at 60 days as against 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
59 days in the previous quarter. Marginal increase in DSO was due to 
certain collections spilling over to the first week of July. Forward contracts 
outstanding at the end of June was $175 million at an average rate of 
₹78.48 per dollar. With hedges in the recent period coming in at forward 
rate of ₹80-plus, the average rate will get adjusted upwards for a couple 
of months. 
So, with this, I thank you all and I hand it back to Sandeep and we'll then 
come back in Q&A. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Sunil.  Before I get into specific details of our key wins and client 
metrics, I would like to briefly talk about the developing macroeconomic 
situation and proactive steps being taken by us.  As you would know, there 
are a number of headwinds being experienced by the global economy.  On 
our side, we are focused on staying close to our customers and making 
proactive efforts to help them in their strategic priorities, as they shape 
their businesses to address the changing macroeconomic environment.  
Many of our customers have started long-range transformation initiatives 
during the last one to two years and these are critical for them to deliver 
on their business transformation. 
The current environment is also accelerating opportunities for us to help 
our customers optimize their spend, both on the enterprise segment as 
well as the tech segment, likes of enterprise software companies etc, in 
addition to helping the customers on the transformation initiatives. In fact, 
some of the largest wins in the recent quarter have been with a focus to 
help our clients optimize their businesses, prepare for any potential 
downturn in the future. We are seeing the nature of client demand 
changing and we are addressing the demand, be it revenue growth 
initiatives or cost optimization initiatives. Overall demand environment for 
us stays very healthy.  We'd like to reiterate, thus far we have not seen any 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
material delays to any client decision making and our pipeline and deal 
wins reflect the same. Nonetheless, we will be prudently watching the 
situation and will continue to be on the lookout for any client or industry-
specific developments. 
Now to give you a color on the key client wins for the quarter, starting with 
the Software, Hi-Tech, and Emerging industries. We were chosen by as an 
engineering partner to enhance the road map of a select suite of products 
for one of the leading European software companies. It is an enterprise 
software company and the deal is a seven-year deal in excess of $50 million 
and it is the largest single deal by far for us from the European continent. 
We were chosen by one of the largest technology companies to provide 
near-shore support in domains such as networking performance, high 
availability, device deployment, directory services, and user experience 
etc. This deal is a multi-million deal and is an example of a large deal 
achieved through our go-to-market synergies with one of the acquired 
businesses. 
On the Banking Financial Services and Insurance side, we were chosen by 
one of the largest listed third-party administrators of insurance services to 
modernize its data center and provide cloud transformation and 
infrastructure services. This is a five-year cloud and infrastructure 
managed services deal and is another example of a large transformation 
deal one over the past few quarters.  We were chosen by one of the leading 
India-based NBFCs for their wealth management business to create a data 
platform for intelligent insights, customize reporting, and digital 
transformation for their CRM function. This is a multi-year multi-million 
dollar win for us on the Salesforce platform.  
Coming to the Healthcare and Life Sciences side, we were chosen by one 
of the leading health tech players for platform architecture modernization 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
and engineering for their core administrative processing system targeted 
at health plans. This is a five-year engineering deal and is one of the larger 
ones in the healthcare domain for us in the recent quarters. We were 
chosen by one of the largest multinational healthcare and insurance 
providers as a digital transformation and product engineering partner for 
their clinical business unit. This is a three-year multimillion-dollar deal with 
end-to-end program ownership. 
Moving on to awards and recognitions for the quarter - Q1 saw us get 
continued 
recognition 
from 
industry-leading 
analyst 
firms 
and 
associations. To mention a few - for the 9th consecutive quarter, we were 
in the ISG Booming 15 Under a Billion. We also entered Brand Finance Top-
100 India brands for the first time and were recognized as the third-fastest 
growing Indian brand overall. We were also recognized as one of the Top-
10 IT brands in India. We were recognized as a Disruptor in the Salesforce 
Services 2022 Radar View report and were featured as a Challenger in 
Applied AI and Advanced Analytics Services 2022 Radar View report. We 
were recognized as an Honored Company, one of seven such companies 
across Asia, ex-Japan by Institutional Investor magazine in the 2022 Asia 
Executive Team, Small and Mid-Cap rankings for Technology IT services 
and software industry. We also received recognition as the 1st rank in 
Investor Relations team category and 3rd rank for our Investor Relations 
program.  Additionally, Saurabh Dwivedi, our Head Investor Relations 
ranked first in the IR Professional category. 
In summary, we continue to deliver industry-leading revenue growth in 
Q1FY23 along with a stable profitability profile. We continue to see good 
traction for our services in the markets we service among our client base 
and we are closely watching the macroeconomic situation and are staying 
close to our clients. We are proactively helping our clients in reshaping 
their priorities and ensuring we remain relevant to them and are a part of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
their solution as they look to their forward-looking strategies. We are 
confident of building on the healthy momentum we witnessed in Q1FY23.  
With this, I'd like to conclude the prepared comments and would like to 
request the operator to open the floor for questions. Operator, please 
open the floor for question answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. Please note, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode.  
You can raise your hand for asking the questions. We will wait for a few 
seconds to keep up the queue.  First question is from Abhishek Bhandari. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Hello, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yeah Abhishek. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Hearty congrats on very strong number. Sandeep, first to start with, could 
you give us the organic growth for this quarter and a related question on 
that is that now we are seeing an extraordinary momentum on the deal 
wins for us, which is much higher than many of our similar-sized peers and 
in fact even comparable to some of the larger ones. So, what exactly is 
happening in our sales team or our client portfolio, which is helping us in 
such a strong deal momentum over the last few quarters? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Abhishek, the organic revenue is 5.6% and the rest of it is because of the 
acquired entity. Now in terms of the deal wins, there are multiple 
segments we deal with, so on one side there's an enterprise software/tech 
company part in this Financial Services, Healthcare Life Sciences, but one 
thing that is working across the sectors for us is as we saw a couple of 
quarters back, the macroeconomic environment kind of looking to be a 
little soft going ahead. We started getting even closer to our customers, 
started working with them on understanding what they were thinking, and 
how they were looking at optimizing their own organizations in line with 
what they were planning for their future. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
So, since we were close to them, we were a part of their solutions, and 
some of these deals, for example the large deal that we talked about in 
Europe, more than a $50 million TCV is a large enterprise software 
company where we are going to work with the forward-looking R&D and 
support for a number of their products and this would mean increased 
offshoring for them. This is a part of their planning to optimize their costs 
etc, and for us it's a long-range deal, that is one. Like that, in various 
segments, there are multiple of those deals, whether it is about making 
sure even for transformational programs, where our customers in Europe 
or US are facing inflation to the extent of 8% or 9% respectively. We are 
able to work with them, make sure that we are a part of their programs, 
and give them the leverage of offshoring, nearshoring, and so on and so 
forth.  So, it's more about execution driven and understanding the patterns 
that are emerging in the market and taking our services, pivoting on the 
patterns that we're seeing in the market. 
So, it's all about I guess the execution and our capabilities being more 
relevant to our customers. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thanks Sandeep. Sandeep, my second follow up is on the margins. If I 
remember correctly, somewhere in the media today you said, you expect 
to maintain the margins in FY23 versus FY22, which again is quite a strong 
comment, given the headwinds on the wage hikes which the entire 
industry is facing and even if I look at our own employee addition, which 
has been fairly strong in Q1. So, if you could give us some color on what 
are the various plus and minus on the margins, which makes you confident 
that you could sustain the margins or possibly even improve it? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, I'll take the first shot at it and if I miss something, Sunil will 
corroborate. So, if you look at it from our perspective, what we said in the 
media interview that you're talking about is if you look at the full year 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
compared to the full year, we are confident of being near that, plus or 
minus a small band. Now within that, Q2 for example, for us is where we 
do the salary increases, there will be an impact. There will be an impact 
between 250-300 basis points on the salary account in terms of the salary 
increases, because the salary increases this year are going to be tad bit 
higher than regular years. But then there is other things, whether it is our 
revenue growth, which gives us a leverage on SG&A, whether it is the 
currency impact, whether it is our rate increase initiatives that we are 
doing and so on, so we'll try to you know see how much of that we can 
over a period of time accommodate. Now, there are other things that are 
company-specific for us as well. As you know, we did our ESOP program, 
which covers about 80% of our population and we started it a few quarters 
back. Going into the fag end of this year, in the third and the fourth 
quarter, the impact for those programs is going to be substantially lower 
compared to what it was for us in the first two quarters. 
So, there are many such levers that are there at our disposal in addition to, 
you know, making sure that we are growing at a very healthy clip, which 
gives us the leverage on the fixed cost as well. So, there are puts and takes 
and we will execute through these as we go along. Hopefully, that gives 
you a good color on this. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thanks Sandeep, and if I can just ask a last one maybe on your M&A 
outlook. You know, we have done a significant amount of investments in 
last quarter and, you know, those numbers are running quite well.  In 
terms of your going forward outlook, do you think in the past you have 
intended to do some acquisition in the European market? If you could 
share some light over there, especially given that valuations of many of 
these companies have come down because of market conditions. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure.  So, our first order of business is to make sure that $220 million that 
we have committed to the acquisitions over the last several quarters, part 
of which is upfront, part of which is earnout retentions and so on. We make 
sure that the integration of those entities goes well, which is going well 
and we get the synergy revenue to quick end, which would be another 
lever for us for increasing our revenue and profitability over a period of 
time. That's our first order of business. We're not looking to pursue 
acquisitions for the next three to six months unless there's something that 
opportunistically comes our way. We don't have a pipeline that is very 
active right now. After three to six months, once we have integrated this, 
and we are also clear about the macroeconomic scenario, we will look at 
things in a structured manner and there may be even better opportunities 
for all we know going ahead, given the macro environment. So, for now, 
we are focused on integrating, performing, getting the revenue synergies 
going, and then we'll see. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thank you, Sandeep, thank you, Sunil and the entire team, and all the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. The next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
Hi Sir.  just two or three questions.  One is on, if you could give us some 
estimate on what kind of recurring business do we have as of 1Q versus 
last year, meaning how it has progressed and how much is essentially 
project-driven or in any way you can define it. And then a follow up for 
Sunil Sir. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look if you were to look at -- I don't want to give you a forward-looking 
guidance because somewhere you can always link it, but let's look at some 
data points. If you look at our TCV wins from the overall quarterly 
perspective that we have been having, right now for the current quarter, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
the total TCV wins, TTM if I was to look at it stand at about $1.3 billion or 
thereabouts, and from that perspective, that overall bookings have been 
increasing, the book-to-bill ratios have been increasing, the TCV/ACV ratios 
have been increasing. So from that perspective, if you were to loosely held 
say, the order backlog, that has been increasing. We don't announce it, so 
I don't want to put a number to it, but we do measure it internally and it is 
very healthily moving in the right direction. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay and the second was on for Sunil Sir, receivable days and capex, so it 
looks like in this quarter, receivable days have sort of gone up, so should 
we expect normalization during the year or if there are client specific thing, 
which has resulted into higher receivable days for the quarter. And 
similarly for capex, like capex for the quarter was way too high I guess, so 
should we expect it to be maintained or was there a one-time 
development or something else, which came up during Q1? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah.  So far as DSO is concerned, it is largely attributable to some 
collections that actually spilled over to 1st July.  So, there is… 
Mohit Jain: 
There has never been increase in unbilled Sir, so essentially DSO seems to 
be okay, unbilled is where the increase is. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, yeah. So, what happens in our situation is when these two 
acquisitions have happened back-to-back right, there is certain amount of 
customer contract innovation and these kind of administrative stuff that 
slightly takes little longer time, so it will happen particularly the 
MediaAgility acquisition, some of these customer innovations are yet to 
completely get completed, that's where it is sitting in unbilled revenue. 
Mohit Jain: 
But there is no increase for any client or something in terms of working 
capital or…  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
Sunil Sapre: 
No, no, there is no structural increase or payment terms increase or 
anything like that and in terms of capex you mentioned, yes I mean not 
specifically seasonality, but as you know we have added significant amount 
of freshers, so there has been, you can say, the laptop purchases and 
hardware equipment, we also have a couple of offices that required capex. 
So, we are just kind of launching an office in Gurgaon, so after MediaAgility 
acquisition, which had a facility in Gurgaon, but we wanted a bigger facility, 
so that is one area and 2nd is of course this quarter happens to be 
seasonally a little higher on the software capex side. So, other than that, 
from next quarter onwards it will be a little lower. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, sir when we are looking at capex/sales like last year, we were close to 
7% I think, so this year do you think it will get back to 2%-3% kind of 
number or do you think this is also a year where we may spend a little 
higher on capex to similar range and then taper off from FY24? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Last year, actually if you know, we acquired an office facility in Pune on the 
back of increase in our headcount, so that had consumed about INR 110 
crores in terms of the capex.  So, that is not likely to repeat, so you're right, 
that percentage will come down. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay, that's all and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Requesting all to ask only two questions at a time. Next 
question is from Chirag Kachadia. 
Chirag Kachadia: 
Hello. Congratulations on very excellent execution and a good set of 
numbers sir. I'm part of this company as an investor since last four years 
and you always deliver on mark. Sir, I have a few product questions like 
where you see your company next 10 year, let's say like what is the 
inspiration of management, because we as in India created a very good 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
reputation in global market as an IT industry. So, where we see ourselves 
in next 10 years on global front? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, I'll take it in baby steps first and then I'll build it up to your question 
about the 10 years. So, if you look at it, right now we had said a few years 
back when we were roughly in the $500-$600 plus million range that we 
want to be a billion-dollar company over the next three to four years. If 
you look at our current revenue base, we are at a run rate of about $966 
million, so our first goal of becoming a billion-dollar is in a line of sight and 
not only have we invested in our sales and marketing towards building this, 
but we have also acquired a number of companies if you heard the 
comments before, so we have acquired companies in the domains of 
Microsoft Azure, in the domains of Google from a Cloud perspective, some 
company that has a for example a company called SCI, which has a 
Payment-related domain expertise. So, we're trying to build a set of 
expertise that can help us in going from one to two, two to four over a 
period of time. 
So, if you were to look at the next three to four years after we have 
achieved our billion-dollar aspiration over maybe the next several 
quarters, we will attempt for the $2 billion first and then go from there. 
Part of it will also be some amount of IP. Today ,IP is about 7%-8% of our 
business and will prudently invest in all of that and I would want to keep 
this short because this is a very philosophical question and will encourage 
you to contact us separately and we can possibly have a discussion on that, 
but this is the direction right now - a billion-dollar over next few quarters, 
billion to two over the next several years, and then we will go from there, 
and we have built the right set of capabilities and the expertise in digital 
engineering that should carry us forward. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
Chirag Kachadia: 
Sir, one more question, if we look at our EBIT margin, vis-à-vis to the other 
industry players, so there is enough scope of improvement. So, what are 
the levers, which is possible not in near-term, but let's say 5-7 years down 
the line that we reach more than 20% or in that range, kind of margin at 
EBIT front. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, Sunil would you like to that that. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, so if you actually reflect back and see margins over a period of time, 
there was a time when we had much lower onsite headcount, EBITDA 
margins used to be in the range of 22%-23%, from there when we 
accelerated our own investments in the digital engineering side or building 
capabilities for that and we did certain, you can say acquisitions, the onsite 
headcount increased from a level of 8% about 6-7 years ago to currently 
about 16% or so. The second thing that you will find is that in the recent 
period, particularly with significant headcount addition in this quarter, you 
may find that the utilization is slightly softer. Now, if you look at utilization 
both onsite and offshore, we have significant levers to improve that. 
The other factor which impacted during the pandemic is everyone, not just 
us, but the industry had to resort to hire subcontracting because of the 
limited ability of people to travel, so in our case since the revenue growth 
was happening at a rapid pace, that was the first priority to fulfill business 
and we did not, you can say, want to ensure that growth is back right, the 
customer acquisition is very critical, and on-boarding of right resources is 
very critical, and that's where some of the costs had to be associated. 
As Sandeep mentioned about the sub program also, that has taken certain 
costs, so once this start getting normalized and the revenues are increasing 
significantly, you will find this EBIT margin also coming in to reasonable 
levels. We have already grown from 8.8% or the lowest that it had hit, 
about 9%, to now about 14.3%, so about more than 5% kind of growth has 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
already happened, but definitely there is a lot of scope to improve and our 
focus on customer, you can say mining, you will find that we are giving 
more visibility to you about the broad-basing of the revenue growth, 
reducing customer concentration, so these are the other steps that will 
help us to improve the margin as we go along our next few quarters. I hope 
that helps you get an overall perspective. 
Chirag Kachadia: 
Thank you so much and also very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Hello, hi.  Good evening, Sandeep, good evening, Sunil.  So, two quick 
questions for Sandeep actually. So, one is on the pricing gains front in 
terms of getting pricing increases from customers, considering the macro, 
it's a bit of a dichotomy, because you have supply side pressures, yet 
there's a macro concern. So, is that in any way inhibiting pricing increase 
conversations with customers, so that's the first one. 
The second is on freshers right, so I think the industry sort of throws out 
almost a million engineering graduates a year and almost 200,000 or 
maybe 20%-25% is what we say is employable usually from an industry 
perspective, so in that context, because there has been such massive hiring 
by the industry, is it getting difficult in terms of quality and in terms of 
being able to put these freshers to really bill them, is that creating concerns 
from an industry perspective or for you, that's the second. And one for 
Sunil is, that could you quantify the visa cost this quarter and what are the 
potential offsets on the wage increase next quarter? So that'll be the broad 
sense. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, let me go through the pricing part and the fresher’s part and then we'll 
have Sunil answer the visa part. So, on the pricing side, look we've been 
working on the pricing increases for the last several quarters. Now pricing 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
increase can happen in two ways; at a very, very high level. The two ways 
being when you are booking newer orders, you price them at the newer 
price that is totally in our control, and we can decide to walk away if the 
price is not palatable to us because there's enough demand. Second way 
is where your existing contracts come up for renewal and you ask the 
customers to basically help you with a price increase. 
So, the first one anyways when we are doing the newer contracts, we are 
pricing at the price that is practically doable and for the years to come, any 
contacts that we are signing, we're putting a COLA clause by default, that 
was not the case a few years back. Now, for our existing contracts coming 
up for renewal, some of the contracts we have got the pricing increase 
over the last several quarters, some of them are due as we can go along 
and yeah, the macro environment is there, but macro also has inflation 
built in. 
So, if there's a reasonable customer in USA or Europe and their own cost 
is going up, if inflation is at 9%, I'm sure their employees are also being 
given that much amount of raise and if we go back and have a logical 
argument with them, we are finding they are accepting, they are 
empathetic, they may not give us that percentage, they may give us some 
percentage. So, that argument still holds, macro being macro, yeah it may 
be a ploy used by customers to push back, but most of the reasonable 
customers are working with us even though they may give us lesser rate 
increases than we want. So, that is the thing on that. 
As far as freshers are concerned, look, for us freshers are an important part 
of our growth. So, we have been managing our relationship with 
engineering colleges, the same way we manage our partnerships in the 
technology space. So, these are engineering college partnerships, we have 
people who are dedicated on this campus programs and their whole job is 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
to make sure that being good partners with the engineering colleges that 
we want to go to, we get the day one, day two, so we get the good people 
to join us. Second, our brand is pretty strong when it comes to the 
engineering colleges and the young talent. People understand we work on 
the latest technologies, they're not going to be another seat on the floor 
working in an infrastructure support program and so on, they're going to 
work on some of the latest generation technologies. So, our ability to 
attract talent based on our relationship, based on the kind of work we offer 
is pretty high. So, we are not that concerned, obviously you know when 
people are coming in, we need to train them on the technologies we want 
to deploy, so we start in the colleges in the last semester, we fit up with 
programs when they join us as full-time employees, and then deploy them.  
So, that is the overall part on the fresher’s side and Sunil, if you can please 
answer the other part. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, so Nitin the visa cost is to the tune of $1.1 million and there is also 
in terms of project-related travel about $200,000, the cost relating to new 
acquisitions for various team events as we are integrating them during this 
quarter. So, that's the number that won't repeat in the next quarter. So, 
that's like something positive on the margins for the second quarter. The 
second question that you asked about the pay hike, how much will it 
impact and so on. So, pay hike, the total impact will be to the tune of 250 
to 300 basis points.  We are just rolling out these letters, they are effective 
1st July. Now in terms of the levers to improve the margins, obviously the 
biggest lever is in terms of utilization, both on site and offshore and the 
significant order wins and as we get, what do you call, going with this 
quarter. 
The second lever I mentioned about is the subcontracting cost. That is 
another area, which offers us opportunity with travel opening up and 
thirdly, the broad-basing of the cost base with these freshers getting added 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
and as slowly they get part of the billable workforce, that will also help us 
achieve the benefit. As we go along during the year, in the second half of 
the year particularly, there is also potential synergy revenues that you're 
working towards from the acquisitions. As you know as SG&A costs are 
already baked in, that is something that will give the margin. This is broadly 
the way in which - currency of course we are not counting so much because 
that's an external factor, but that may have also some positive 
development at least for a quarter or so. I hope this helps. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, absolutely. Very, very helpful and all the best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Dev Agarwal. 
Dev Agarwal: 
Hello.  Okay.  Hello, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yup. 
Dev Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. Sir, I wanted to ask one question on related to acquisition. So, 
means how much time does it take to completely integrate any acquisition, 
so generally I'm asking. So, over the years based on your experience if you 
can guide. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Look, I can give you a very high-level answer. So, at a high level, it takes 
anywhere between six to nine months to fully kind of integrate the 
acquisitions and kind of get them to work as a part of the integral team. 
But again, this is very subjective with respect to each of the acquisitions. 
Dev Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you and congrats for the good numbers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for strong execution.  Two small 
questions. First, about the weakness what we are seeing in top clients, if 
you can provide some sense for two quarters, I think these are showing 
some softness. Second question is about whether any impact on reported 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
IP revenue from the acquisition we close, because IP revenue is showing 
weakness, can you part the answer in terms of royalty revenue, but 
anything more to it. Thanks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sunil, you want to answer that. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, so Dipesh this IP revenue as you know has certain seasonality, it has 
three elements we have covered in our FAQ sheet also. So, the bigger part 
is of course the royalty revenue, which was soft in this quarter. The second 
part is our own revenue from the Accelerite products, is our own licenses 
and that is holding steady, there is no, this thing. The third category, which 
is the partner IP, when we are actually executing projects where we deploy 
partner licenses, that is something which moves along with the projects 
and that is the third area which has also… 
So, last quarter we had significant bump up in that. Now, that is something, 
which is seasonal and not directly a linear kind of nature of, so that's the 
reason for IP softness and I think other question Sandeep he had on the 
top client revenues coming down or something. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so the top client revenue coming down is also a factor of the IP 
contract that we had announced it would be unwinding, because that was 
not a very profitable contract for us.  We had restructured that contract to 
be a fraction of, maybe 30%-35% of the overall revenues and that is the 
reason why the top client revenues are down and that is also reflected in 
the royalty income and so on. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. Thanks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Given the time limit, we would request all to ask only one 
question. The next question is from Aayush Rastogi. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Hello. I'm audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Okay. So, I just wanted to ask two questions. So, first of all you have 
reported the highest TCV in this quarter, so I just wanted to pick your 
brains if you can just provide the breakup of the TCV between the 
acquisitions part and the organic basis, that is Persistent. And the second 
question was like you have reported a very strong quarter-on-quarter 
growth for Europe, while some of your peers have given a commentary 
regarding the slowdown in Europe, so I just wanted to pick your brains if 
you can throw some light what is making you confident on growing in 
Europe as in terms of large deals or the TCV break up. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, as far as our TCV is concerned, most of it is the Persistent TCV and 
the acquired entities are yet to fully kick in. Having said that, they are also 
as Persistent today as you know the erstwhile team is, so we are not going 
to differentiate between that even going ahead from even an 
announcement perspective. Now, in terms of Europe, look, we have been 
building up our team in Europe, we built some good relationships, and 
we'll be selective about where, which part of Europe, because Europe is 
also big, different parts of Europe. So, we are slowly rebuilding our 
business and our capabilities are being well recognized that's leading to 
good deal wins and to be fair, our European revenue is fairly small, so that 
is where it is. As far as we are concerned, we have a decent pipeline and 
we'll keep reporting the progress as we go now, and I want to be conscious 
of time because I'm told the queue is long, so we'll keep the answers short 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
and we will take only one question at a time moderator from one person 
please. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Karan Uppal. 
Karan Uppal: 
I hope I'm audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yeah, and thanks for the opportunity and congrats on very strong quarter 
yet again. I just want to understand your strategy in terms of the client mix. 
So, number of clients billed in the services business is growing at a very 
solid rate and it seems that you are expanding the net very well, but if I 
look at it, will you at some point to recalibrate it going deep within the 
existing clients versus expanding the net. So, your any thought could be 
appreciated. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So very valid question, the short answer is yes, there is a prioritization 
that we will absolutely do in terms of cutting the tail. The fact of the matter 
is over the last 4-5 quarters, we have acquired many companies and 
they're not necessarily very big companies, so they come with a number 
of customers who have lower revenues and to be fair to our customers 
that are coming in, we want to be making sure before we kind of do the 
long tail rationalization, we are giving them a chance to either scale with 
us or to find another home for their business. So, that's the story there and 
we will over a period of time definitely rationalize the tail. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that and second, just quickly on BFSI, I just want 
to check, it has been growing very well since last 4-5 quarters. So, if you 
can provide the sub-verticals within the BFSI, what is firing for you and any 
stress you anticipate due to challenging? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Karan, I just keep it very short right now and we'll come back to you if 
you have time. So, we are not seeing any major challenges in the BFSI 
segment, some of the bigger customers do have their own budgetary 
pressures, but the mix that we have within BFSI is fairly robust. Big and 
medium-sized customers, fin-techs versus insurance companies versus 
banks versus whatever else, so we have a pretty healthy mix and so there's 
a counterbalancing that is happening of one versus the other and we'll 
come back to you if we have time. We want to be respectful of other 
people in queue. 
Karan Uppal: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question was similar to what Nitin 
earlier asked, given the kind of fresher intake that you guys are doing 
including the industry, do you think we should probably look at a much 
lower blended utilization going forward? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, the utilization, Manik, so there's someone on the call needs to mute 
themselves please. So, Manik, long story short, for one or two quarters, 
there may be different utilization, but as these guys get trained and they 
are very sharp people especially with respect to newer technologies. So, 
as they get trained and deployed, the utilization will pick up, but yeah, one 
to two quarters it may take a dip. But then, you know, it is a longer-term 
investment that we have done and the industry has done and so 
structurally, it will be good for the longer term. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Shindadkar. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Yeah, hi.  Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a solid quarter. My 
question is regarding, you know, recently one of your peer highlighted that 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
funding for projects with limited revenue visibility are challenged. Your 
thoughts on the same and did we lose any revenue in Q1 because of similar 
reasons or fulfillment-related challenges at your end or customer end? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, we have not lost any revenue in Q1 because of customers saying they 
don't have budget for a program. There may be small adjustments here 
there, but there's nothing major to report about it. Now, the second thing 
about have we lost any revenue because of ability to fulfill. Yeah, there is 
a delay that happens in our ability to fulfill, because even today if we could 
technically get between 1,000-1,500 trained engineers, we have the 
capacity to take it, absolutely right now, staff are programs that we have 
booked. 
So, there is some amount of revenue leakage that happens because of 
delays that may happen, because of our ability to staff or at times when 
programs get started, there may be a delay in them ramping up, but there's 
nothing from a budgeting perspective or macro leading to budget cuts and 
leading to our revenue loss. That is not happening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Rishi Jhunjhunwala. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yeah.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Just one question, there is a very sharp 
increase in our sales and business development headcount, so just wanted 
to understand, I mean, what is the thought process around increasing it 
substantially now looking at where the macro could potentially be over the 
next 12 months and do you think that this is an optimal number on a per 
client or an overall revenue per sales rep basis? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Rishi if you look at it the - I got disconnected.  Sunil you want to answer?  
It is MediaAgility and… 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, Rishi, just while Sandeep’s line comes back, it is mainly arising out of 
these acquisitions that we have done and then which are of classification 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
of people that they would be doing. As the teams get integrated, so like 
we have solution architects, overlay sales where people have ample 
opportunities, so as they get, you know, integrated, this number will not 
look, this thing. This is the first quarter of integration, the impact is more 
out of these acquisitions than our organic addition. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Rishi this is not a structural addition as Sunil said. In terms of us going 
and hiring more sales guys, this is an integration of acquired entities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Apurva Prasad. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thank you. Congrats, hope you're well, Sandeep and Sunil. So, quickly what 
would be our exposure on the mortgage side within the BFSI, particularly 
some of the large accounts. That's one, and second, how would you 
describe or talk about the progress that we've seen in the Red Hat 
OpenShift business. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, our exposure to the mortgage part is not significant, so we're not 
impacted by the mortgage slow down, if that is the question. The second 
part, if you look at the Red Hat OpenShift, so it's progressing, but it is not 
something that is a big revenue driver for us as of this point in time. It has 
got a ramp of its own, which is slightly less than the company growth rates. 
So, that is at a summary level. And moderator, we are at the end of the 
time. If we can take one last question and then summarize, that'll be great. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from Gaurav Rateria. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
I hope I'm audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, you are. 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. So, just quickly a client mining 
initiative, how many $1-5 million clients we have visibility, whicrh can go 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
into the bucket of $20-30 million over the next two years and secondly, 
amongst the business that we do, what is the proportion, which is more 
short-term project-oriented versus which is part of longer-term digital 
transformation agenda of clients, which is multi-year project, which will 
continue? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so since we are out of time, I'll just quickly answer this. As far as we 
are concerned, we don't give forward-looking guidance, but there is a 
significant number of customers that can move from the 1-5 to 5-10, and 
from 5-10 to 10-20, and so on. So, the quality of revenue is pretty good, 
quality of customers, and the efforts that are being put to mine them are 
structural, so rest assured there's a significant amount of movement that 
can happen. We don't want to quantify because that'll be giving some kind 
of forward-looking guidance. 
Now on the other part, it’s a slightly longer answer, but I would say if you 
look at our order backlog, it has moved very healthily and part of the 
reason why it is moving very healthily is because a number of engagements 
that we have are not short-term projects. They may have short-term 
projects as some component, but a significant part of our revenue is long 
range, whether it is capacity-based offshore development centers, long 
range 
transformation 
programs, 
enterprise 
software 
company 
relationships where these engagements are product ownership-based for 
longer-term and so on, so forth.  So, with that, I would like to stop and 
moderator, we will take the Q&A off now and to all our investors and the 
analysts on this call, sincere thanks for spending time with us. We are 
confident of our revenue trajectory. Based on a very strong start to the 
year, we are confident of delivering a good FY23 and beyond and we look 
forward to talking to you in three months from now. With that, we want 
to close the call.  Thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Persistent Management. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent System Limited, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you everyone. 
****************************************************************************** 
