 
July 27, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),         
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Symbol: L&TFH 
 
 
 
 
          Security Code No.: 533519 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department / Dept of Corporate Communications 
 
Sub: Transcript of Institutional lnvestor(s) / Analyst(s) Meet – Q1 FY2023 Financial Performance 
and Strategy Update. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Institutional 
lnvestor(s) / Analyst(s) Meet for Q1FY2023 financial performance and strategy update held on                 
July 20, 2022.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.ltfs.com/investors.html. 
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For L&T Finance Holdings Limited 
 
 
Apurva Rathod  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 

 
 
 
 
    Page 1 of 18 
  
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd. 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Call Transcript 
July 20, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the L&T Finance Holdings Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We have with us today Mr. Dinanath Dubhashi - Managing Director and CEO, and other members of the senior 
Management team. Before we proceed, as a standard disclaimer, some of the statements made on today’s calls 
may be forward looking in nature and a note of that effect is provided in the Q1 results presentation sent out to all 
of you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Dinanath Dubhashi to share his thoughts on the company's performance and the 
strategy of the company going forward. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, very good morning, and a warm welcome. We have uploaded a presentation, 
I believe is very self-explanatory, but I will still love to take the opportunity of giving some explanations to you. We 
will try to be as short as possible, I will talk about this quarter, but more importantly, I will talk about what are the 
measures we have taken under the Lakshya (Target / Goals) 2026 plan, though quite early now. 
It was during the same time last year in the midst of second wave of COVID, actually, that I mentioned to you that 
our strengths place us quite suitably in the medium to long term growth after the storm is over. And I believe now 
the storm is well and truly over, I mean there are some COVID cases etc. I have always maintained that COVID 
doesn't affect business so much but lockdowns do. The way we have vaccinated, the way the country has fought, 
I think the possibility of new lockdowns is less and because of that, I believe largely business should be back as 
usual now. 
In the last annual investor call and analysts meet held during the month of May’22 we shared with you our strategic 
plan Lakshya 2026 and the underlying goals. Over the last three months, this truly has been the driving force for 
us. In short, the goal is to be a top class digitally enabled Retail finance company. Within this goal, we aim to pivot 
from a product focused company to a customer focused approach, with the aim of creating a Fintech at Scale. 
And I have explained what a Fintech at Scale means last time. And I will also now, talk about what we are doing 
in that direction. Our organization structure has already been aligned to this aim now, changed organizational 
structure. In addition, your feedback after the rollout has been most encouraging. And I thank you for the same 
and we have tried to incorporate some of your feedback also, as we have gone ahead. I now quickly move on to 
the highlights of this quarter, the quarter which has just passed: 
• We achieved the highest ever quarterly disbursements in Retail, close to Rs. 9000 Cr which is up 10% QoQ. 
This is special, really special because Q4FY22 was highest ever till then and we have built a 10% growth in 
disbursement over that also. What is even more special is it is now not driven by just one product; more 
products are driving this growth. 
• Retail portfolio mix rose to 54%, from 45% last year with 19% YoY increase in the Retail book. The QoQ 
increase in the Retail book is also 6%, which is quite in line with one of our Lakshya 2026 goals of 25% 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 2 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
CAGR in Retail book. So, in the 1st quarter itself, we meeting it on top of a good book growth already last 
quarter enthuses us quite well. 
• As a part of our Fintech @ Scale, cross-sell and use of data is one of the important aspects. 50% of Rural 
Business Finance and 25% of Farmer Finance disbursements are now driven by cross-sell efforts of the 
company using this database. 
• Consumer loans which is another loyalty cross-sell product, the book has now crossed Rs. 3000 Cr this 
quarter. 
• Coming to NIMs, we actually achieved the highest ever NIMs plus fees at 8.23% on the back of good quarterly 
Retail disbursements. Interestingly, the quarterly WAC (Weighted Average Cost of funds) is at an all-time 
low of 7.27% in the phase of tightening liquidity and increasing interest rates. Now, there is no logic and no 
magic here, very clearly, we have been talking from last one year that we have resisted the temptation of 
having higher CPs when the interest rates were low. We could have done that and interest costs could have 
been even lower, but we have locked-in substantial amount of medium to long term funds, which are now 
coming to our help genuinely. 
As interest rates increase further which looks like definitely, they will, the weighted average costs will surely 
increase, there is no doubt about that, but we are confident that the increase will be less than proportionate 
with the market increase. Also, our pricing power will ensure that we continue to have robust margins as we 
go ahead. 
• Asset quality has been pretty stable. Reduction in GS3 from 6.67% last year to 4.08% in Q1FY23, NS3 at 
1.87% and PCR at 55%, these are the headline numbers.  
Important to point out and I will talk a little bit more about this later, these numbers are now on EAD basis. So, till 
last quarter, we have been reporting them on principal outstanding basis. Reason, clearly, of course the numerator 
denominator both were on principal outstanding basis now both are on EAD basis so difference is minimal. But 
there is a difference, there will be a difference, no need to get confused. We didn't want to change suddenly the 
method of reporting of this, in the middle of a plan period. Now that the new plan is starting, we are starting with 
the method of reporting which is fully in line with IndAS. 
Many of you had asked us the question that your GS3 number look different in the financial results and in the 
investor PPT. From now on, it is all going to be absolutely uniform. So, there is no need to get confused, it is just 
a one-time adjustment. And what we have done is, last year’s numbers also we have adjusted based on this. 
 
OTR: 
I would like to give a little more explanation about our OTR book here. OTR book now stands at close to Rs. 2,000 
Cr from about Rs. 3,000 Cr just a quarter back. And what is this big reduction of Rs. 1,000 Cr, we need to explain. 
Naturally, if you consider the timings of OTR especially in assets like Micro Loans, Two-Wheelers, you remember 
that there was a six-month moratorium given. So, most of the billing actually started somewhere between the 1st 
Quarter to April etc. Now, when that happens and if collections don't happen and we had done a lot of, some of 
the collections had actually come in advance. And that reflects in the numbers. But whatever has to roll forward 
will roll forward either in Q1FY23 or in Q2FY23. And with this, at least on these products, this OTR stuff will be 
over for once and for all. What will remain after Q2FY23 is largely the HL book, where the moratorium was given 
up to two years. But this obviously is a very secured book and follows a very different kind of equation. 
So, let me just talk about the numbers. The total reduction of Rs. 1,021 Cr include about Rs. 548 Cr that is more 
than 50% which is closed now. Rs. 205 Cr written-off and Rs. 268 Cr have rolled over to GS3. So, basically 
written-off + GS3, if you can consider the whole thing as GS3, it adds up to Rs. 473 Cr, on which a credit cost of 
Rs. 464 Cr have been taken. Now, why this, in the Micro Loans and Two-Wheeler portfolio which was written-off 
or rolled forward we have taken a 100% provision. Simple logic that while doing the OTR these were already DPD 
accounts 30 or 60 DPD. Now that they have again become 90 DPD, in effect they are between 150 to 180 days. 
And we believe it is appropriate that after OTR also if the customer has not repaid, it is good to do 100% 
provisioning. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 3 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
A very small part of HL portfolio also rolled forward which is provided not 100% but accordingly, because it is a 
very well secured portfolio, LTVs of around 75% to 80%. But still, you will see Rs. 464 Cr against Rs. 473 Cr, a 
large part has been provided. Important part is out of these Rs. 464 Cr, there were some questions coming from 
analysts, so, I am going into depth. Out of this Rs. 464 Cr, Rs. 213 Cr have been used from the management 
overlays. So, just for reminder, we had about Rs. 1700 Cr of management overlays at the beginning of the quarter, 
out of which Rs. 213 Cr have been used and Rs. 251 Cr have actually been used from the P&L making up the 
total credit cost of Rs. 795 Cr. 
So, in a way if you see that out of this Rs. 795 Cr, if we would have used this Rs. 251 Cr, which has hit the P&L, 
we could have used the management overlays for that itself, the credit costs would have been around Rs. 540 
Cr, which we believe can be taken as a sort of steady state credit cost because I said that most of the OTR 
especially Micro Loans and Two-Wheelers which are more vulnerable OTRs they will be over by Q2FY23. Now 
within Q2FY23, how much we will take out of management overlays? How much we will hit P&L? etc. our models 
and Board will decide it, what to take, but largely from Q3FY23 onwards, credit cost will be more on the steady 
state basis and hopefully continuously reducing as a percentage of the book. So, we will come largely out of, we 
are ideally already out of the woods, but even this OTR stuff will be over by Q2FY23 and after that we will move 
to more normalized credit cost. 
What gives us the confidence is that against this Rs. 2,000 Cr we continue to carry additional provision of Rs. 
1,450 Cr in addition to the GS3 and ECL provisions on standard asset. So, this in our opinion more than takes 
care of any further OTR loans rolling forward in Q2FY23, because out of this Rs. 2,000 Cr now, almost Rs. 1,000 
crores, Rs. 900 to Rs. 1000 crores are HL. So, large part being HL, we believe that we are not only well provided, 
we should be able to at the end of the year also maybe still carry some overlay provisions, which we always 
believe that it is important to carry some as we go ahead. As we become more and more Retail it is important to 
carry some provisions as we go ahead. 
So, I hope this clarifies. In our opinion the OTR book has moved well. We have collected good amounts. Whatever 
has flown forward, doesn't remain hanging, it is provided or written-off. We are just getting this over with and by 
Q3FY23 we expect return to complete normalcy as far as credit cost is concerned. So, that's very clearly the 
outlook I would like to give. And at the end of all this, even after this, the total credit cost was 12% less than last 
year. And with that the profit after tax for the quarter is Rs. 262 crores which is up 47% from last year. 
 
Let me now deep dive into these headline numbers. Let me first talk about what I am most happy about that is 
Retail disbursements. As I mentioned earlier, we had the highest ever Retail disbursements for the quarter which 
were up 10% QoQ. Strong business momentum has been backed by tremendous amount of digitalization and 
leveraging the power of data in addition to our inherent strengths in our top 3 products. Resultantly, the Retail 
book, grew by 19% YoY and 6% QoQ. And more importantly the Retail mix is now up to almost 54% from 45% 
last year and 51% last quarter. We very strongly believe and are confident that by FY23 end it will cross a minimum 
of 60% just organically. Like last time we said that if we are able to sell off a part of our Real-Estate book or 
something like that, it can increase more precipitously, but just organically the way Real-Estate book we are 
collecting and the Retail we are growing this will touch a minimum of 60% by FY23 itself. In fact, you know that 
our Lakshya target in FY26 is a minimum of 80%. So, all is going well, we are not only dependent here on the 
environment to carry us but we are using new products, we are using data analytics to drive this engine. 
Let me talk about the environment for a minute. As two of our large businesses, which is Rural Business Finance, 
which was erstwhile Micro Loans, and Farmer Finance, these are rural based. Let me provide you some color on 
the progression of monsoons and its impact on rural incomes. There is a lot of commentary already there, let me 
give our house view. 
1) The southwest monsoon’s revival in July, after a relatively dry June has led to the areas sown under kharif 
crops exceeding last year’s level already, for the first time now, in the current planting season. Till about a 
few days back it was negative from last year, it has now moved to positive from last year. On a cumulative 
basis, the country has now received 353.7 mm rainfall, which is 13% above normal. And it is compared to 
5% above normal just a week back. So, it's really catching up. Week ending July 13th was actually the rainiest 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 4 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
week of the season. Now nearly 53% of the country has received normal rainfall. Amongst major agrarian 
states only Uttar Pradesh is a little worrying which has reported large rainfall deficiency in nearly 29% of the 
total districts. So, that's a little worrying, but overall, everywhere else rainfall has caught up very nicely. 
2) Even more important than rainfall is the reservoir levels. Reservoir levels throughout the country have 
improved significantly over the previous week and now are up 23% YoY basis. This bodes extremely well for 
the coming crop season. 
3) The third important factor after rainfall and reservoir levels is the acreage. The kharif crop acreage has 
already surpassed last year's level with paddy being the only concern due to less rainfall in UP, very clear 
correspondence there. The Mandi arrivals and prices of major Rabi crops have stayed extremely robust. 
Many states like Maharashtra, AP, Haryana, Telangana are taking further measures and we believe that 
cash flows in hands of the farmers are going to be extremely good. And we are quite hopeful of a good 
season in rural India this year. 
According to a study by ICAR, and I am just quoting an external agency, farmer incomes across states have now 
increased between 125% to 270%, in FY21, compared to FY17. It’s a little aged data, but it's directionally good. 
All this bodes very well for the cash flows and repayment ability of our borrowers, especially in rural India. And 
this really shows the revival of the rural economy after COVID. 
So, now, let me talk business by business: 
• 
Rural Business Finance, which was previously known as Micro Loans and I will just explain that. Our 
strengths in this segment are slowly coming to fore. Subsequent to the master directions issued by the 
regulator for Micro Loans, microfinance loans, we very swiftly modified and launched our sourcing digital 
App. In fact, on 1st of April, we were in the market with the digital app. The need for this App, of course, 
internal needs of changing of processes, making everything paperless was there. But one most important 
thing was calculation of household income. Now any of you who would be interested in having site visits, 
etc., you can call / contact our IR. But I would really invite you to come and see the way this app operates. 
The calculation of income doesn't happen by asking the people what is your income, but it happens by 
surrogates. You ask how many cows you have etc. and income is captured. Collection is captured there. The 
geo-tagging of customers, their route maps are on that app. So it's a really state-of-the-art app. Still 
developing but already a fantastic app, we would love to demonstrate to any one of you. 
The important part is, based on this information gathered in this quarter, it is actually seen and we always 
sort of knew this, but we didn't have proper data that only about 17% of the new business sourced during the 
quarter qualifies as microfinance (meaning family income less than three lakhs), which means that remaining 
83% is money given to comparatively higher income groups (that is household income more than three 
lakhs), where lending can happen using very advanced credit metrics, which opens up tremendous 
opportunities for growth at a very good credit profile and credit costs. 
Putting all this now against a run-rate of say about Rs. 1,000 Cr in the second half of last year we are now 
stabilizing a run-rate of about Rs. 1,200 Cr per month disbursements. This has been undertaken by geo 
expansion, while continuing to maintain the same stringent credit conditions for the business which bodes 
well for sustained profitability, asset quality and book growth. 
We are now looking for new product launches because as 83% of the disbursements are in a better income 
profile, new product launches both in secured and unsecured category will happen in this segment. The pilot 
for the same will be initiated by Q3FY23 maximum. 
The book of Rural Business Finance stood at about Rs. 14,400 Cr, up 27% YoY. 
• 
Let me talk about Farmer Finance, which is admittedly still predominantly tractor finance, either new or what 
we call Kisan Suvidha, which is cross-selling to our existing customers. We have maintained our market 
share here in this segment and continue to be market leaders, albeit the #2 and #3 have seriously reduced 
the gap, no doubt, but we continue to be market leaders as of end of June. And in any case, I always say 
market leadership doesn't depend on whether you are #1 or #2, it depends on whether you make market 
practices. And we genuinely believe that we make market practices. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 5 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
When I last spoke to you, I had mentioned that we are seeing early signs of recovery in the rural segment. 
This quarter we have financed our highest ever number of tractors which was close to 33,000 units while 
continuing to dominate the farm equipment finance business through focus on higher counter shares with 
preferred dealers. We are now also preparing to pilot launch our warehouse finance business this year, which 
is in alignment with our Lakshya 2026 goals to move towards a more Consumer focused approach. So, 
having an excellent farmer database, funding his warehouse finance requirements now will be the next 
product after new tractor finance and Kisan Suvidha. 
 
• 
Let me now talk about Urban finance and maybe first time we are talking specifically about Urban finance. 
There are three products: Two-Wheelers, which is an existing product; Consumer loans, which is mainly a 
loyalty product as of now, though we have now started doing outside business quite well; and Home Loans 
/ LAP. This total business saw growth of about 138% YoY in disbursements and 15% jump quarter-on-
quarter. 
1) Talking about Two-Wheelers, it saw an 84% jump in YoY in disbursements but that's okay because last 
quarter, last year, same quarter was COVID quarter. But this is the highest ever Q1 disbursements that 
is important with over 1.9 lakh units funded during this quarter, where the emphasis has been on 
deepening our geo presence. We continue to work on focused OEMs and dealer strategy to maintain 
our market share. 
2) Consumer loans is our first digital native product, which is an entirely digital proposition, no touch 
sourcing, instant decisioning, end-to-end no touch, no documentation nothing and very close to my heart. 
We started this business on cross-sell to our existing Two-Wheeler customers. Now from Rs. 400 Cr of 
disbursement in the whole of FY21, just less than two years back, we have registered Rs. 1,000 Cr 
disbursement in Q1FY23 itself. 
While maintaining and how safe the book is, we have started giving our early bucket, zero bucket 
collection efficiencies already and on-time collection efficiencies and you can see where these numbers 
are. This is absolutely boring well for the momentum of this business. We are now also growing this 
business by offering products through various partnerships, top-ups, cross-sell of products to these set 
of customers will further enhance the offering to our customers. 
3) Retail housing, this is interesting, this is another business which has the full potential of becoming a 
game changer for us. And I have always said that we have not done great in this business till about nine 
months back. I am truly excited to see this happening slowly now. During the last couple of quarters, 
focus was quite clearly on rehashing our approach towards this business and getting our market offerings 
right. I believe we are progressing steadily on this path with disbursement touching Rs. 936 Cr in Q1 as 
against Rs. 306 Cr last year, same quarter. The business trajectory is having a steady upswing for the 
last four quarters. 
During the waves of pandemic, we had concentrated here mainly on salaried. We have now started 
picking up disbursement on the SENP (Self-Employed Non-Professional) segment, LAP offering, which 
will now make this product relatively profitable also. And last time, I had explained also that it is not just 
for profitability that we do this business, our major growth is also happening through unsecured products 
like Rural Business Finance, Consumer loans. It is important to grow the secured book for various other 
purposes for regulatory purposes, for credit rating agencies. If you put this whole basket together, the 
profit growth is going to be quite good. And that is why we have confidently said that RoAs will reach 3% 
by the end of the plan period. 
Before we move further, I would just like to share a small update on our SME business where we have completed 
our pilot and we will be going for an open market expansion in the next couple of quarters. Pilot was undertaken 
in just two cities Mumbai and Pune with the aim of delivering a value-added digital proposition. Over the course 
of the last nine months, we have built a small book, but a strong offering and now we are ready to hit the market 
running. So, you will see this now, if not so much in Q2FY23 but definitely in Q3FY23, we will start showing the 
numbers. 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 6 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
On the collection side, our continued focus on analytics and data driven resource allocation techniques over the 
years ensured that the collection rhythm remained robust across businesses during the quarter. Our collection 
efficiencies continued to do better than industry peers. And this has been made possible owing to concerted on-
field efforts, analytics led prioritization and resource allocation. 
Portfolio focus continues towards boosting zero DPD collection and managing early bucket delinquencies. We 
have actually started reporting now the zero bucket collection efficiencies and we have reported it for the past 
almost 15 months, product-by-product. This was also your feedback and we have started reporting. And I believe 
that NPA control is very important no doubt, but much more important is the zero bucket collections. It happens 
at the minimum cost, mostly hopefully at zero cost and that avoids the headaches for the collection team as it 
goes ahead. 
So, I will not repeat the collection efficiencies in all the products, it is very clearly given in the presentation. But I 
can only say that all of them - on due date collections are back to pre-COVID levels and in some products actually 
better than pre-COVID levels. So, we are doing well there, which bodes well and which also gives us the 
confidence to give you confident statements like Q3FY23 onwards credit cost will be normalized and reducing 
etc. 
• 
On Wholesale finance, in line with Lakshya 2026, let me just remind you, we had said two things:  
1) In the Real-Estate portfolio we have stopped disbursing anything new. We are concentrating on 
completing projects and repayments and if possible, we will look at some structures where we will be 
able to sell off a large part of the portfolio. We have not been able to do at least this quarter but early 
days, but we have been able to get good repayments from projects, closed some projects and get good 
repayments. So, that part has worked. The inorganic part has not worked, let me say so. 
2) On the Infra side, we also said that we are running our normal capital light model. But we may also look 
for some partners in this platform. This platform is very valuable. That process is also on. One quarter is 
too early for anything to happen there. But we will report to you as we go ahead. 
 
In the meanwhile, Wholesale book disbursements was muted at Rs. 1,522 Cr as we are maintaining capital 
light model. And the Wholesale book registered a reduction of close to Rs. 6,000 Cr, a degrowth of 13% YoY. 
In the Real-Estate especially, we continue to stay away from looking at any new projects and continue to 
concentrate on existing projects and collections with the objective of exposure reduction. We are quite happy 
that the expert execution of the strategy resulted in a reduction of the RE book by Rs. 2,563 Cr YoY and by 
Rs. 1,400 Cr QoQ. Now, we have also given at some point of time numbers like Rs. 4,000 Cr that we have 
collected. So, now, why book has not reduced by that much and only by Rs. 2,500 Cr. Naturally, Rs. 1,400 
Cr here and there had to be spent in completing those projects. So, it's a little bit of disbursement for 
completing those projects and then collection and then this is the net reduction. But it is going well now, i.e., 
this book is already less than Rs. 10,000 Cr, it’s Rs. 9,800 Cr or something like that. 
 
• 
On Investment Management, last but not the least, market was negative, both debt market and equity 
market, but still our Q1FY23 AUM has averaged a little bit above Rs. 70,000 Cr now. The transaction is going 
on well. The integration efforts are going on well. We are waiting for the last regulatory approvals and hoping 
to conclude that transaction in Q3FY23. 
 
So, that completes comments on business. Liabilities, as I said WAC (Weighted Average Cost) all time low, very 
clearly based on our ability to raise long term and medium-term funds last year. And the point to highlight is even 
in Q1FY23, we raised long term funds of close to Rs. 1,100 Cr while keeping the average CP proportion at just 
around 11%. Now, this holds us in good stead going ahead, as growth happens, we can actually fund it. And 
growth is majorly happening in Retail which will be shorter term. We can raise shorter term resources, we can 
increase CP proportions and we are quite sure that our cost of funds hence, will definitely rise no doubt, but rise 
much lower than the market cost of funds. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 7 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
NIMs plus fees also will be maintained because of our ability to pass on the increase. This NIMs plus fees may 
reduce, I think, by the end of Q4FY23. I may guide maybe a maximum up to 8% will be the reduction. We don't 
see NIMs plus fees falling much lower than 8% by the end of the year, which is 8.23% now. 
One more fact is that our ex “IDF”, got the NBFC-ICC license. We were able to transfer some of the assets from 
L&T Finance to that entity, thus reducing the negative carry. So, you would see now reduction of the liquid cash 
that we are carrying and hence a good reduction in negative carry which will also reduce the cost of funds as we 
go ahead. 
Asset quality: 
GS3 stood at 4.08% and NS3 at 1.87% which is an improvement YoY, fairly steady QoQ. I have already given 
explanation that these are on EAD basis. So, please don’t try to compare it with the number in the last investor 
presentation. We have given past numbers. Anybody who wants any other past numbers for any other quarters 
etc., IR will try and give it to you. Just any clarifications if you need, you can ask on this call or to IR, this is quite 
clear and from now on, it will be on the EAD basis. Capital adequacy, quite adequate at 23.12%. In fact, quite 
high, as we grow, we believe that it should trend downwards and hence will be good for RoEs as we go ahead. 
 
So, in summary, PAT, up to Rs. 262 Cr, up 47% YoY on the back of increase in income and reduction in credit 
cost and we believe that this trend will continue well and will accelerate from Q3FY23 onwards. Hopefully, by 
FY24 we will be at profitability levels which we have been more used to before the nightmare of COVID and 
everything started. So, that's where we are moving. 
Having spoken about this quarter now, I know I have spoken perhaps a bit too much. I thought 1st quarter of 
Lakshya, maybe I was also a little bit more excited. But let me give you a brief about the progress of Lakshya 
2026 plan. Early days, just first quarter, but still, I would like to talk a little bit more. 
If you remember, there were four pillars of the plan: 
1) Sustained profit and growth engine: 
Now, as a part of creating a sustained profit and growth engine, we have unveiled a new organization structure 
which is totally customer centric. So, in Retail we have two businesses, which are Rural and two businesses, 
which are Urban. Rural Business, which is now the Rural Business Finance vertical takes care of small businesses 
within rural which were erstwhile Micro Loans. This will not be limited to the current product suite, but as I said, 
we will keep adding new secured and unsecured products to the basket like Rural individual loan. Farmer Finance 
vertical will now offer not only farm equipment loans, but also warehouse finance and other agri-allied loans. 
Coming to Urban, for urban consumers, our present offerings are Two-Wheelers, CL, HL / LAP. In Two-Wheeler, 
of course, we are in the top 5 but CL and HL / LAP are getting well established, additional volumes are being 
targeted and geo expansion also being targeted, cross-sell is being targeted. So, this is how we will grow our 
urban finance. 
And then there is urban small businesses, which is SME, where we are babies. Lots of disadvantage of being 
babies, but a big advantage:  
i) 
The market is large, huge, there is business to be done.  
ii) 
We have learnt from people's mistakes, launching state-of-art digital products to start with. And hopefully, we 
will make a mark on the market in the couple of years going ahead. 
So, these are the four verticals. Out of these four retail lending verticals, three are headed by Chief Executives 
who are our internal talents. So, three of them, we were able to find people from inside (internal talents). And for 
urban finance, we have hired a top talent from one of the leading private sector banks in mortgages. So, very 
clearly the business organization in Retail is now well in place, one level below them, the regional structure, zonal 
structure is well in place. Four strong Chief Executives, looking after each of these businesses, running almost 
like separate companies with common functions like HR, finance, audit, risk, etc. So, that's the way the 
organization has been realigned. In addition to the realignment of the organization, we continue to work on building 
major strengths across businesses including deepening of geo network and data mining for cross-sell. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 8 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
2) Demonstrable strengths in risk Management 
On the risk side, we continue to build strengths in risk management and our sustained collection performance 
across products, which is well above industry performance is a testament to this strong portfolio. And we are 
actually looking at how New Age risk management practices can be more and more adopted. 
On the digital side, as we build digital channel for expansion, we are also focusing to upgrade our information 
security management systems. Our systems are now ISO 27000 compliant and we will continue to build strengths 
against possible cyber threats. 
 
3) Creating the Fintech @ Scale 
Third pillar of Fintech @ Scale, which involves two distinct vectors: i) Expansion of digital channels and ii) 
Leveraging of customer data for cross-sell. 
During the last quarter, 50% of our disbursements in Rural Business Finance, and 25% of disbursement in Farmer 
Finance were based on cross-sell. The company is actively working towards monetization of its 7 crores plus 
customer database, including existing, co-borrowers and past borrowers etc. enhance this cross-sell reach. 
In terms of digital channel expansion, I will now talk about two initiatives, which I have talked a little bit about three 
months back, but I will give you the progress.  
1) Our Planet app, our customer facing app was soft launched in Q4FY22 and within one quarter has shown 
2 Lakh downloads. The application which currently provides onboarding and servicing option for 
customers is available both on App Store and Play Store. This App, which will provide us with geo agnostic 
servicing and sourcing channel, is trending quite well. 
2) WhatsApp for business that’s the second one. I had unveiled and showed you the WhatsApp bot, which 
was for servicing. We have now expanded that and the WhatsApp channel is now open to Consumer 
loans customers for booking loans. People can apply for loans anywhere between Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 5 
Lakhs there and we are maintaining a complete end-to-end turnaround time of 15 minutes for that (credit 
to your account within 15 minutes). So, these two developments. 
I would like to talk a little bit on the servicing side. Just one year back, our servicing pyramid was branch heavy 
with 51% requests coming in branches and which is a disaster. I mean obviously with 1600 microfinance 
touchpoints more than 200 branches; it is impossible to train and retain service executives to give uniform service. 
We have now inverted this pyramid and have already become a very digital channel or self-help channel heavy 
(almost 58% of requests were serviced through the digital channels by June’22 and only 21% now are coming 
from branches; and we will try and reduce it further). So, both on sales side and servicing side, digital initiatives 
are working well. 
 
4) Sustainable future growth through ESG 
ESG initiatives which is the fourth pillar, within that we have published our first integrated report for FY22, which 
is in compliance with reporting for all essential indicators under BRSR. It is audited by an external agency and we 
have published it one year in advance of its applicability. 
Our water neutrality status has been assured by independent assurance provider and we have adopted 22 
sustainability targets for FY23. We have achieved water neutrality in FY22 and will aim to be water positive in 
FY23. More importantly, a small sustainability linked loan also has been raised, very small, no doubt, just Rs. 200 
Cr where the interest rate is low and will keep reducing as we achieve more ESG targets. And as in FY23, we 
have taken a target for a higher amount of raising this. So, ESG is great for the planet, great for environment, but 
we believe it will also be good for business and hence very sustainable in the organization. 
So, that's about it. I will just say that the initiatives we have taken in the quarter are just a few early deliveries of 
the plethora of projects going on, to become a strong Retail finance company. I am sure as quarters go by, we 
will be able to show you enhanced performance and unveil further projects and consumer offerings that we have 
in pipeline. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 9 of 18                      
  
July 20, 2022 
So, as far as financial performance goes, Q1FY23 has been extremely good for disbursement, collection, credit 
cost and profitability. But we humbly acknowledge that this is just one quarter out of 16 quarters included in the 
Lakshya 2026 Plan, so “one swallow doesn't make a spring”. But we definitely believe that it signifies a good 
beginning towards our Lakshya goals of 80% Retail book; 25% CAGR of Retail book; NS3 of less than 1% and 
RoA between 2.8% to 3%. 
Thanks a lot. I realize that I have spoken quite a lot, 45 minutes. I apologize for that. But hopefully I have already 
answered some of your questions. We are open to questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Rikin Shah from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
 
Rikin Shah: 
  
I have four questions. Firstly, led by the disbursements, we noticed that NIMs plus fees is at 8.23%. But if we look 
at the yields in the Retail portfolio, they have come off by 50 basis points and as you scale up your Home Loan / 
LAP business, how should one think about them directionally. Of course, the fee income has also gone up. So, 
could you talk a bit more about any incremental fee that you are seeing from the cross-sell opportunities, that's 
the first one. Second one is on the acquired portfolio. Could you throw some light on the nature of acquisition of 
the portfolio? What kind of loans have been acquired? And the plans about how big this can get? Thirdly, on the 
restructured book of the remaining Rs. 2,000 Cr, Rs. 1,000 Cr you did mention are pertaining to Retail home 
loans. What would be the split between the remaining Rs. 1,000 Cr? And what would be the overall provision 
coverage on the Rs. 2,000 Cr restructured book? And the last question is relating to the news reports of selling of 
certain loan accounts of Rs. 1,500 Cr to an ARC. What would be the recoveries and any potential write downs or 
write backs if at all that would happen? These are the four questions. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
So, retail yields number one, I will answer you strategically as well as tactically. Tactically, some of the reduction 
that you see is when the OTR book flows to GS3 or is written-off, the income is taken out (derecognized from zero 
DPD onwards). So, in the quarter that it happens, it goes not from the credit cost line, it goes from the income 
line. So, as I said, in Q1 and Q2, this all will be over. And after that, things will come back to normal. So, this small 
reduction, don't read too much into it. In fact, you know, I already said that NIMs may contract a little bit, that is 
not so much because of HL / LAP, because HL / LAP will grow. But the other products are also growing right. 
NIMs will mainly contract, because our major product is the Rural Business Finance, in which we charge 24%. 
Now, even if the cost of funds goes up a little bit, if it goes up by say 50 basis points or 60 basis points, we are 
not going to increase that 24% to 24.5%. So, very clearly, we believe that 24% is a good, fair rate for those 
customers, and we will clearly keep it there. So, this was tactical part. Strategic, in our product mix, we will make 
sure that our NIMs plus fees is maintained at a decent level. I said this year we don't expect it to come down 
below 8%. And that too, you know, I am also taking into account mutual fund going out in the last quarter. So, 
some fees will go out from there, even then we are confident around 8%. I mean if it becomes 7.9% don’t hang 
me, but that’s the indication, it's around that, it will grow. 
Also, sometimes tactically, when competition toughens up you do tactically take some reductions – 10 basis 
points, 25 basis points to maintain your position in some markets. So, it’s a mix of all these things. If I were you, I 
wouldn’t read, there is no directional reading in that. We will be able to maintain overall Retail yields quite healthy, 
so that you can take from me. 
The second question OTR, okay, OTR what remains as I told you close to Rs. 1,000 Cr is HL / LAP, around 75% 
of the rest is Micro Loans. And this whole thing what is remaining in Micro Loans will be over in Q2FY23. So, 
either we will collect a lot or whatever doesn’t get collected will flow and we will either provide it 100% or write it 
off. As you know, against these Rs. 2,000 Cr, one Rs. 240 Cr is the IL&FS account which is about Rs. 240 Cr 
which is green even after OTR. So, OTR done but green and that money will come back so that’s not an issue. 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 10 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
So, out of this Rs. 2,000 Cr almost Rs. 1,800 Cr is Retail, Rs. 1,750 Cr is Retail. Out of the Rs. 1,750 Cr, Rs. 
1,000 Cr is HL / LAP, Rs. 600 Cr to Rs. 700 Cr is Micro Loans. HL will remain till next year large part of it, but that 
is secured. So, we expect a large part of that money to be recovered. If it flows, we will start providing the way 
our model tells. I think first we provide close to 15% and then keep increasing based on various movements in 
the portfolio. Micro Loans, now whatever becomes 91 DPD, we will provide 100%. So, that’s very clear. We carry 
adequate provisions in that. 
So, you talked about OTR provision so, now, I will be technically right. OTR provision will always be only 10%, 
because RBI asks 10% to be provided, but what we have done is, I have other provisions as management 
overlays. And as you know Rs. 1,400 Cr (management overlays) are being carried today against almost Rs. 1,750 
Cr of Retail (OTR book) out of which close to Rs. 1,000 Cr is HL / LAP (OTR book). So, it is not going to require. 
So, if you see, let’s say worst case scenario, say a 60%, 70%, 80% of Micro Loans roll forward. We are more than 
adequately covered. So, we are very sanguine on that. And most importantly, this will be over by Q2FY23. So, 
after Q3FY23, other than Home Loans no OTR would be remaining, that was the second question. 
Small acquired portfolio, we had mentioned last time that we are targeting say around Rs. 1,000 Cr or so in this 
year, of acquiring portfolios from other good NBFCs or sometimes some Fintechs. We of course go and examine 
this portfolio, but there is enough overcollateralization that we buy it. Very small transactions have happened till 
now and there is significant amount of credit enhancement on both these transactions. It is largely done not as a 
big strategy, but you know that we are also required to use our capital in Retail. So, just as an experiment in the 
first year, close to Rs. 1,000 Cr, we will do excellent NBFCs, good credit enhancements. And we will see then 
how it works and how it moves. And it’s entirely Retail, of course. It’s entirely Retail I will tell you part is Two-
Wheelers; part is Personal loans. 
ARC is, you know, there are assets which are NPA (Wholesale assets) and in reducing Wholesale portfolio 
sometimes we do that. This time out of that number you mentioned, some Rs. 1,000 Cr or so, a large part is a 
completed commercial park. Let me not tell you the city then otherwise I will be just almost accurate in saying this, 
it is a completed commercial park. There are some difficulties in selling it on a timely basis and getting the money 
back immediately. But it is completed and a few more moments, it will be done. Well provided, we always provide 
first, sell it at the carrying cost after the provision. And hence any immediate reduction in value is unlikely. We 
have sold some in the past also, as these are examined by external credit rating agency, external valuers, it is 
valued, we keep taking those costs, and it is a part of our credit cost that you see. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul: 
 
Just two questions, number one on the provisioning, of course, we did appreciate that you have taken some extra 
provisioning this quarter. But given that you already are having a large macroprudential provisions, and of course, 
the credit environment seems to have gotten better with collection efficiency improving across the board, why are 
we sort of still onboarding or maybe making an additional provision, what exactly is the philosophy? And I did hear 
your remark to the previous question about the OTR almost getting provided for maybe in the next quarter or so. 
But just a bit perplexed why do we sort of keep making these extra provisions, when do we normalize --? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
So, technically, we have not made any more provisions. In fact, Rs. 1,700 Cr has reduced to around Rs. 1,400 
Cr, right. So, we have actually utilized. I believe what you meant was why this entire Rs. 473 Cr was not taken 
out of those management overlays, and why P&L was hit at all, right, that is your question? It's a matter of two 
things: 1) the Board and 2) the Management. One needs to be confident, when we release this. That is meant for 
the rainy day. We will keep reducing this management overlays as we go ahead, no doubt. 
Also, remember always that it is, the way we started making these macroprudential provision, we all tend to forget 
this, we started making these macroprudential provisions well before COVID hit, as a good practice in business, 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 11 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
because as Retail increases, as sort of unsecured loans in the balance sheet increases, it is good to carry a buffer 
so that we don't hit P&L with shocks anytime. It is, basically can be called countercyclical provisions as well. 
Now, it's a call that the Board will take that out of the Rs. 1,700 Cr, whether we can use the whole thing, and the 
P&L will look fantastic this year itself, naturally, right? I mean, very simple, you do a simple calculation that we 
have reported Rs. 262 Cr. If you take out, if this Rs. 251 Cr, right, Rs. 251 Cr, would have been taken out of these 
reserves and not hit the P&L, profit would have gone up by 75% of that Rs. 251 Cr. So, it would have been close 
to Rs. 450 Cr or Rs. 425 Cr or something like that, technically, right. So, it would have been a fantastic number. 
But perhaps that would have led to and I don't know, I am not clairvoyant, but that would have led to complete 
depletion of these reserves, by the time this year is over, once all the OTR is over and everything. I believe and 
we all believe; the Board believes that having built this Rs. 1,700 Cr, we should not utilize all of them, and keep 
some part of it as countercyclical. And once you know, when the P&L actually returns to very healthy levels, not 
now, say in two or three years, actually start keeping something aside as countercyclical provisions even after 
that.  
So, it's a measure of conservatism and nothing else. So, we have not created anything new, there is no intent of 
creating anything new. Clearly intent is of course using what we have created. The question is, it is a matter of 
opinion, whether we should use the entire Rs. 1,700 Cr or use a part of that. At this point of time, we believe that 
in this year, we will use a part of that because HL even though we don't see anything, any big problem because 
of the security levels, but in HL, OTR will come next year. But even more importantly there we don't expect much 
losses, more importantly the book has Micro Loans, the book has Consumer loans, it is good to carry 
countercyclical reserves always, that's our opinion and a substantial part of this remaining Rs. 1,400 Cr, we will 
carry forward next year also. The important part to remember is all this will get over in Q2, and Q3 onwards the 
credit cost that you see are clearly normalized credit cost. 
 
Rahul: 
 
Just one more follow-on with regards to this and plus the capital gains that you will get from the AMC sale to 
HSBC. What do we intend to do with that gains and have you thought about it? Will that be used for again some 
provisioning or will it be passed on to the shareholders, how do you plan to use that? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
Above my paygrade, buddy, to answer this, because call will be taken at the Board level. But it will be a mix of all 
those things, we would believe that we will look at, subject to regulations etc., we will look at passing on some of 
those gains to shareholders, certainly. Some of them we may keep as reserves for the future, because we are 
looking at reducing strongly our Real-Estate book. So, maybe for that effort, we will keep some. 
So, it will, in some type of macroprudential, not for specific projects, we may keep some. So, really the call will be 
taken in Q3. I must also say on the positive side, there are some opportunities opening up for acquisitions. With 
valuations coming to decent level there are opportunities opening up, good portfolios, good companies for 
acquisition. You know, we have been very conservative, we will not do anything silly, but if a good opportunity 
comes the capital will also be used for that (acquisitions, if any). 
 
Rahul: 
 
Just one last question, in terms of the normalized levels of loan book, of course, you are paring down the Real-
Estate portfolio etc. and so Wholesale is becoming or has always been capital light kind of model, you have 
followed. When do we start seeing the normalized levels of loan book in the next few quarters? And by when do 
you intend --? 
 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
Growth in overall books, I think FY24 onwards, you will start seeing a growth in overall book. But, this year, my 
suggestion is to concentrate on the growth in Retail book, because it is, while the overall book is not growing, the 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 12 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
composition is changing tremendously and which will lead to increased profitability, definitely. But whatever we 
are doing with the Real-Estate book etc., large amount of reduction will happen this year. And growth in overall, I 
mean, we are expecting Real-Estate book to even come down by 50% from here, during this year, so growth in 
overall book perhaps from FY24. And now you are seeing that even the old defocused book is down to just about 
Rs. 400 Cr or less than Rs. 500 Cr. So, all those things are over, and the Retail growth will take over. It's just 
arithmetic, it’s a matter of time. 
 
Rahul: 
 
So, this year RoAs will improve and next year, the growth etc. will improve. So, leverage -- 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
We definitely believe, yes. And RoAs will keep improving. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
 
Firstly, on the Rural Business Finance, I think during your opening remarks as well as in the press release, you 
have shared just about 17% of the disbursements in the quarter qualified for microfinance as per new RBI 
guidelines. Just wanted to understand, I mean, what was the mix like before these guidelines, basically were we 
largely present in the customer segments where the household income was greater than three lakhs, I mean what 
was the mix like before that? 
Why I am trying to kind of understand this is, I mean despite having exposure to customers where the household 
income is greater than three lakhs and like you suggested, better credit quality customers. Despite that, I mean, 
we have seen significantly high OTRs and credit costs, in the Rural Business Finance. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
OTR happened before the latest Microfinance guidelines came, right. So, we were not measuring household 
income before that, hence I won't be able to answer your question. That time even individual income was not 
being measured by anybody. That requirement was not there. It was a declaration taken that individual income is 
less than or more than Rs. 1.5 lakhs. 
Our customers, we believed their individual income was always more than Rs. 1.5 lakhs and that's why you 
remember we changed the positioning from micro finance to Micro Loans, because we were not sure that our 
customers’ individual income is less than Rs. 1.5 lakhs. So, we didn't want to take any regulatory risk by calling it 
micro finance and we will not able to prove that these are qualifying assets to RBI. So, we were just safe there. 
The family income of three lakhs has started measuring only from 1st April onwards. So, it may not be right to 
compare how much OTR etc. And after all, again, when the government was allowing OTR as a right to every 
citizen of the country either way it was not that much of a choice. If somebody asked for OTR largely, unless and 
until that person is proven to be a defaulter everywhere you had to give OTR. 
So, with people asking like that, what total microfinance, OTR we had done was Rs. 900 Cr or so. On a portfolio 
of close to Rs. 12,000 Cr to Rs. 13,000 Cr even that was not out of line at all with the industry, in fact, much better 
than the industry. 
So, two different, your question had two parts, I have tried to answer it this way. But don't link this three lakhs and 
more than three lakhs to OTR, because they were not happening at the same time. OTR happened last year, 
measurement of family income has started from 1st April. That is why, even if you see in our Investor presentation, 
this differentiation between micro finance and rural business loan we have given only in disbursement, not in 
book, because we don’t have the book data with us. 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 13 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
 
Second question I have is, I mean, I think during your opening remarks and a couple of participants in the call, I 
know you suggested that you expect credit costs to normalize from Q3 onwards. And somewhere I think I mean, 
I heard that we expect steady state credit costs, what we saw during this quarter, which is about Rs. 500 Cr to 
Rs. 550 Cr on a quarterly basis. So, --. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
What I said was a little different, I said this OTR will be over by Q2FY23 and hence normalized credit cost will be 
there from Q3FY23, right. Rs. 550 Cr this year, I just clarified that out of Rs. 795 Cr, Rs. 251 Cr is OTR related 
and thus normalized credit cost for this quarter is Rs. 550 Cr. That doesn't mean Q3FY23 onwards it will be Rs. 
550 Cr, we actually hope that it will be lower, but still, you can model it based on your assumptions, I cannot 
provide forward projections for Q3FY23 credit cost. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
 
And lastly, I mean this Retail business that you are building and even under Lakshya, that we kind of plan to take 
it to 80% by FY26, what is the steady state credit cost that you are expecting from this business?  
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
Yeah, it will be product wise depending on product mix. You want to work on your models, any help you need you 
contact IR. I think that it is suffice to say that we are looking at RoAs of 3% in four years, very steadily increasing. 
So, as Rahul summarized it very beautifully, RoAs will go up this year. Next year onwards growth will also come 
and RoA will also grow, thus increasing RoEs. So, RoA should reach about 3% by FY26. Steady state credit cost 
etc. will differ product wise. You will have your own judgment of how each product will grow, but any thoughts you 
want to reflect, you can talk to our IR. You are welcome. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
 
And lastly data keeping question what is the Gross Stage 3 and Net Stage 3 in your Real-Estate Wholesale book 
and in the Infrastructure finance business? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
We have given Wholesale separately right? Overall Retail and overall Wholesale we have given. But, okay to tell 
you there is no major difference. Real-Estate, one big NPA which we have already told. So, that Rs. 1,300 Cr you 
remove and you actually see that hardly any NPAs after that. Last year we already said one big NPA in Real-
Estate. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
 
And this media article, which was there about the sale to Phoenix ARC, is it already kind of reflecting in the 
numbers that you have reported or will it reflect in the next quarter? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
I don’t know about the media article, but I clarified in the question previously, that it is yes, it is reflecting in the 
numbers. The media article may have some numbers, which I don't remember, but the actual number is Rs. 1,000 
Cr something, Rs. 1,052 Cr to be precise. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Firstly, in terms of if you can just broadly explain this Rs. 750 Cr of Micro Loans, which are there in restructured, 
if you can give some flavor in terms of how much are paying, how much are part paying? And how is the behavior 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 14 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
currently just to gauge in terms of how much could really slip and what can get into 91 plus DPD? So, maybe that 
would be helpful in terms of the trend because this time there was something which has flown in, so maybe that 
would be helpful if we can just give the behavior of that particular portfolio. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
In fact, what I will rather do is that, it has reduced by ~Rs. 300 Cr, from March to June, the OTR. I will give you a 
breakup of that. Will that give the trend? In March-- 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Rs. 300 Cr? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
March to June, Micro Loans, OTR has reduced by ~Rs. 300 Cr. Out of which around, I would say 75% was 
movement to GS3 and 25% was resolved and closed. 75% moved to GS3 out of the Rs. 300 Cr, that we provided 
for. So, even if the same trend -- we believe that the trend should be better because more collections are 
happening, but even if the same trend continues that is what I said in my remarks, we are well and properly 
covered for that through our macro prudential. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Rs. 75 Cr or something which was recovered from March to June, and maybe Rs. 225 Cr or whatever actually 
slipped into GS3 from Micro Loans. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
But let’s say 70% to 75% moved and the rest was recovered --. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
So, broadly then and maybe you said whatever would be 91 DPD, we will write it off and provide it entirely so, 
that would be the stance in Q2FY23. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
Write-off is more a tax related decision, but to provide certainly, 100%, yeah. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
And again, in terms of the inorganic opportunity and capital allocation, if you can just highlight that in terms of 
what is the extent of capital allocation, which we can look towards the inorganic opportunity, something if it is 
there in the mind and particular areas of your maybe the product segments where we would tend to prioritize it, 
no doubt that there would be various opportunities across the product segments. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
I can't answer this on the call or anywhere. Opportunities keep coming, we will have a look at it and the Board will 
take a call, but the most important thing, there is a saying in Marathi “vo paisa aane ke pehle ginna nahi chahiye.” 
(translating to ‘don’t count your money before it is actually received’) So, there is money still to come, still in 
Q3FY23, there is a SEBI permission which is required. I can't take all these things for granted. So, hopefully, all 
that is clarified. 
 
 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 15 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
But overall, in terms of capital allocation, would there be anything which will be towards the inorganic opportunity 
given that book would be running down? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
So, book running down? No, I mean very simply Retail book is growing. So, there is no question of book running 
down. Retail book is growing rapidly, 25% CAGR is what we are planning. I mean you can’t say it as running 
down. So, book is growing continuously. Wholesale is reducing, especially Real-Estate will reduce. 
If we are able to sell majority in the Infra platform, if that happens, then yes, then the overall Wholesale book will 
reduce precipitously. At least, if you own less than 50% then it won't be consolidated. At that point of time, of 
course, we will have to think of acquisitions more seriously, perhaps. I am using the word ‘seriously’ not 
‘aggressively’ because we never look at acquisitions aggressively. But it is all still to happen, first mutual fund 
money has to come. Then we have to reach some level of discussion success, at least in getting a partner in the 
Infra business. 
So, at this point of time, if I go to the Board, they will say, at least show me an opportunity, at least show me the 
money. Why are you having these kinds of plans? But what I am saying right now is simple small portfolio wise, 
is what we will do on a very trial basis. We have put up a small budget of about Rs. 1,000 Cr for this year. We 
may do a little less than that, little more than that, perhaps, but do that portfolio-wise, for which it is not a big 
opportunity for which I need to be sure of everything, go to the Board etc. So, that will happen. Any large 
opportunities? Rather than the question of the opportunity, more importantly it is the question of the value. So, 
too early to answer that question. 
Capital allocation, organic capital allocation very clear, increasing to Retail, going to minimum 80%. And if we can 
reduce Real-Estate more precipitously and get a majority partner in the Infra platform, even more than 80%, so 
that will be the capital allocation. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
And lastly, in terms of fee income, so the sequential jump and the overall jump, which has been there. So, 
obviously, some would be volume related, wherein there was almost like 10% sequential increases as well in the 
disbursements, but what would be the other component, because I thought maybe overall, when we look at it in 
terms of the AMC it would come up a bit. But I think the traction is strong, and do we expect it to sustain over the 
period, maybe Rs. 200 Cr odd fee and other income in Retail finance -- 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
Certainly, expected to, it is very much business related. Certainly, expected to sustain. It is also cross-selling 
related. The protection products that we sell, it protects our portfolio also. So, that's working extremely well. And 
it will keep coming on, directly linked to business. In fact, we used to get the other income, we used to keep here, 
the interest earned on surpluses was a part of this. Now, those surpluses are coming down, but in spite of that, 
this portion has gone up. So, it is directly business related. As I said, if mutual fund transaction happens in Q3, 
then Q4 the mutual fund part will go out, that's all, but capital will come in. So, it's more arithmetic there. But trend 
of Retail fees, excellent. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 
Just one clarification, this defocused book going down by almost Rs. 1,000 crores odd, this is all recoveries?   
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
It is a part of that Rs. 1,000 Cr ARC sale bit, but rest is recovery. 
 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 16 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 
On the Consumer loans side if you could give some breakup in terms of how much was cross-sell and how much 
was sourced from digitally or from third party --? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
In the book, most of it will be cross-selling, the book, almost 90%, I mean, I don't have the precise numbers, IR 
will give you, but in the book, most of it will be cross-sell, but in disbursements, now cross-sell is I believe around 
60%. So, as quarterly disbursements go ahead, cross-sell percentage comes down, and other sources of sourcing 
through various partners which I have been talking about, will increase obviously so, first two years we did only 
cross-sell that is why the book is majorly cross-sell 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 
And how much of this is salaried? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
I don't have that breakup straightaway available. Can we get back to you? 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 
Sure. Perfect. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
See in loyalty you know, the loyalty was on Two-Wheelers, mostly. So, it will be the same proportion. So, almost 
50% will be non-salaried in that loyalty, but tested customers. This I am just answering out of common sense, 
okay. I don't have a precise number with me right now. But since it was Two-Wheeler loyalty, it will be following 
the same pattern, right. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
 
Just on this continuing further, now that you have moved here, the NPA to EAD, does it mean that your interest 
reversals would be lower and your NII probably will be less volatile? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
No, no, it is only for that NPA reporting that, only for those numbers, accounting was always on EAD basis. So, in 
P&L, nothing changes. It was only representation of these numbers. We had taken a call not to change the 
numbers suddenly during the plan period, that’s all. So, if you see actually the published accounts were always 
on EAD basis. It is only in the Investor presentation that we used to put on the principal basis. So, nothing has 
changed in accounting. So, nothing will change in profit numbers, NII nothing. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
 
Just wanted to, coming back to the Consumer finance book, strong improvement in disbursements, some sense 
on the quality of customer probably which is being onboarded. You said a large part of the existing book is the 
erstwhile Two-Wheeler customers, but incrementally any sense on what kind of Bureau scores or credit profile 
are you looking at? And secondly, on SME Finance also, how is the origination progressing in terms of strategy? 
Those are my two questions. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
So, I will just use the word little more carefully, not erstwhile Two-Wheeler customers. There maybe even existing 
Two-Wheeler customers, but tested Two-Wheeler customers, that they have a particular MoB, Month on Book 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 17 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
with us, no bounces. We look at bounces more than what is called, at the end of the month DPD. So, those criteria 
are used, and because of that the portfolio quality is excellent. 
Now, while we also started sourcing from outside over the last one year, credit matrices, analytics works on many 
credit matrices, and based on that we give pre-approved offers to various prospects. This portfolio is about, I 
would say one year old, continuously we work on that to keep improving the credit metrics. Given the way zero 
DPD collections are trending, on a Rs. 3,000 Cr portfolio, so it's not a small portfolio. And I am not measuring 
NPAs because often NPAs come later, but even zero DPD is trending which numbers are given in the investor 
presentation. I would be very happy about the portfolio quality. So, that's your first question. 
SME, very clearly our sourcing is on two --, we are in SEP that is self-employed professionals. We are 
concentrating mainly on Doctors and Chartered Accountants. And then self-employed, non-professionals which 
are small units in which we are concentrating on people. So, I don't know the exact number, but whose income, 
whose top-line and bottom-line, have not gone down by more than a particular percentage during COVID. So, 
these two are the initial, large level filters that we have. And then of course, there is a black box, a credit black 
box for saying, for actually choosing the credit, very early right now just pilot but the pilot quality very good. We 
have sourced till now, about Rs. 130 Cr around. We have one account which is more than zero DPD one account, 
at this point of time. But I will not be very proud about it, I mean Rs. 130 crores is what, nothing right, so nothing 
more to say on that. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
 
What rates are these being sourced at, lending rates? 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
Around 15% to 16%, something like at this point. SEP is around 13%. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from UBS Group. Please go ahead  
 
Shubhranshu Mishra:  
So, the first one is on the Consumer loans that we are targeting. We are saying that we have roughly about 2.5 
lakh database, what kind of ticket sizes are we targeting? And again, if it's an urban customer, my thought is that 
it's a hyper competitive space. So, what kind of Cat-A, Cat-B, Cat-C customer proportion are we planning to put 
in here, because if it's a Cat-A customer, it's a hyper competitive space and it is a super pampered customer. 
That's the first question around the Consumer loans. 
The second is, there is a particular line that we are getting about the monetization of 7 crores plus customer 
database, which includes co-borrowers, prospects, etc. So, under the extent regulations can we monetize the 
database of co-borrower, prospects, etc? I understand we can monetize the customer database, but can we 
monetize the co-borrowers, prospects etc. 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
The meaning of monetize, I hope you understood. Monetize doesn't mean selling the database. Monetize means 
use the data we have collected for making them offers --. So, there is nothing to stop you from the data you have 
collected with. And you are not sharing data with anybody. Monetizing meaning, we are not selling it. So, the word 
should be leveraging not monetizing, I am sorry, for using that. 
We are taking that database, which those people have given to us, putting it through our Data Analytics, and 
making them pre-approved offers. And it is up to them whether to take that offer or not. So, nobody is forcing them 
to. 
So, for example, suppose you are a co-borrower, etc to somebody, we have your database, we will actually send 
you a link, for downloading our App, or we will send you an SMS for clicking and going on to the App. When you 

 
                                                                   
 
Page 18 of 18                     
  
July 20, 2022 
download our App and you log in, then you will be automatically getting a pre-approved offer. That's how it works 
after taking all stakeholder views into consideration. 
Answering your first question, the average ticket size we are not in the BNPL, we are not in the less than Rs. 
50,000 category. And you are absolutely right, there are categories either the Rs. 10 lakhs, Rs. 20 lakhs, which 
is the wealth customers, or the less than 50,000, which is absolutely hyper competitive. We are not there. We are 
not in BNPL.  
We are right now on two things, where we know, the customer end-use, or we know the customer repayment 
track record. The average tickets are between Rs. 1.5 lakhs to around Rs. 2 lakhs, that's the sweet spot. They 
are either our customers, and hence we go to them with pre-approved offers. Hence, obviously stand a better 
chance of conversion than a competition. That if you want you going to somebody or you are going on a website 
and applying then getting processed then getting the money, we give pre-approved offers, so that's one. 
Also increasingly working on being on sites, so educational institutions, we will be on the site. Suppose you 
tomorrow go and take admission, not you, but your younger brother or whoever takes in Allen or Aakash, either 
our person will be there, or our software will be there, that the fees which you know they are not cheap anymore, 
you get funding from us. So, it is competitive. I wouldn't say it is hyper competitive. Good players, there are two 
or three. I wouldn't take names. And then there are a plethora of Fintechs, and the Fintechs are there one day 
and not there on another day, depending on the amount of funding they are getting from their funders. So, a 
reasonably good market, good companies have made good portfolios. 
More important here is not so much the issue of demand. More important is how you control credit quality? How 
are your credit matrices? And how you make sure that your portfolio suddenly doesn't deteriorate? So, a lot of 
concentration is going there. And we are making sure that that doesn't happen. That's why we are actually calling 
ourselves Fintech @ Scale that we will do all this but do it in a way that at scale NBFC does. And not only for this, 
even for SME, there is no dearth of demand, I mean you want to give a SME loan, there will be somebody to take 
it, right. The important part is, one how your product differentiates from other, the speed with which you give. And 
more importantly the credit matrices and early bucket collections that you have. Once you get all these right, you 
will build a good portfolio. So, we are hoping to do all that. Hopefully, you will be you know perhaps having more 
confidence in our abilities in two or three quarters as we build it. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinanath Dubhashi, for closing comments. 
 
Dinanath Dubhashi: 
 
Oh no, no closing comment. The only thing I would say that 1st quarter of a really exciting 16 quarter plan, I believe 
we have made a good progress. We will keep showing better and better results every quarter, counting on your 
confidence I would say, thank you 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of L&T Finance Holdings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
*Since the transcript has been derived from a voice recording tool, necessary corrections have been made to remove anomalies as well as manifest but inconsequential factual discrepancies, 
repetitions in Q&A which would have unintentionally crept in, if any 
