 
 
July 27, 2022  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
In furtherance to our letter dated July 15, 2022, please find enclosed the Transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, July 22, 2022 at 16:00 hours IST to discuss financial results and 
developments for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
The said transcript along with audio/video recordings are also available on the Company's 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q1 FY2023 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: July 22, 2022 at 16:00 hrs   
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari – Head of Treasury and Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Good evening, Ladies and Gentleman, I am Ravi Gothwal from 
Churchgate Partners, and on behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Ltd, I 
would like to welcome you all to the company’s Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question once the 
presentation concludes.  
Joining us today from the management side we have Mr. Dinesh Agarwal, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, 
Wholetime Director, Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari, Head of Treasury and Investor Relations. Before 
we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in 
today's webinar may be forward looking in nature and may involve risk 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide number three of the earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. Now, I would like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for his opening remarks. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Good evening, everybody and welcome to IndiaMART’s Q1 FY23 
Earnings Webinar. We have already circulated our presentation, which is 
available on our website as well as the website of the stock exchanges. I 
am sure you would have gone through the presentation and I would be 
happy to take any questions afterwards.  
I am pleased to report that IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated 
collection from customers of Rs. 254 crores and Revenue from 
Operations of Rs. 225 crores this quarter.  Consolidated Deferred revenue 
increased to Rs. 961 crores and paying subscription suppliers increased to 
179 K representing a net addition of about 10,000 in this quarter. These 
numbers also include Rs. 10.5 crores revenue, and Rs. 25 crores of 
Deferred revenue from BUSY Infotech services, as the acquisition has 
been completed in this particular quarter. 
 
In IndiaMART business, growth in the Revenue, Collections and 
Deferred Revenue was primarily driven by improving macro-economy, 
as well as the result of recent growth investments we have made in 
product, sales & servicing and building the organisation. We will continue 
to make the investments as needed to maintain the growth momentum.  
Total traffic on the platform and resulting unique business inquiries 
remained stable at 257 million and 22 million respectively. Our 90 day 
repeat buyers stands at approximately 54%, which represents the 
continued trust on the platform. Total business inquiries delivered is 115 
million for the quarter. As we discussed in the previous earnings call, the 
reduction in the total business inquiry is an outcome of certain algorithmic 
changes to increase the efficiency for matchmaking and improve the 
relevancy of RFQ being delivered to the users.  
During the quarter we have completed the 100% acquisition of BUSY 
Infotech and 51% of the Finlite Technologies, resulting into the addition 
of accounting software segment, in addition to the existing IndiaMART 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
web services business.  We have done segmental reporting also from now 
on, and I'm extremely positive about the scaling of this particular segment 
over the years leading to the augmentation of new revenue streams.  
Overall, I believe we have started off the new fiscal year on a positive 
note on all performance indicators and we will remain committed to 
enhance our value proposition and deliver value to the customers which 
will help consolidate our leadership position in the industry.  
Now, I will hand over the call to Mr. Brijesh to discuss a little bit more 
details about BUSY Infotech. Thank you and over to you. 
Brijesh Agrawal:  
Good Afternoon everyone. The BUSY transaction was consummated on 
6th of April and since then, BUSY is a Wholly-owned subsidiary of 
IndiaMART and being a subsidiary, we shifted the accounting standards 
from IFRS to Ind-AS for reporting the financial from this quarter 
onwards.  
In this quarter, we delivered a billing of Rs. 13 crores and a Revenue from 
operations of Rs. 10.5 crores. Please note that because of this change to 
Ind-AS, Revenue and P&L numbers may not be compatible with the 
previous periods.    
Busy sold about 9,000 new licences in this quarter, taking the overall 
licences sold to about 3.11 lakhs. This being the first quarter post 
acquisition, our focus in Q1 essentially was to assimilate people, partners, 
and bringing the financial systems at par with the reporting standards that 
we follow here at IndiaMART. I think we've made very good progress on 
all of these three columns. Now over the next two quarters, we would start 
focusing on expanding the team, expanding the partner network, and 
improve our penetration in those areas where it is still very under 
penetrated.  
We hope that in the next two quarters when the focus gets on these 
elements, we should be able to continue to build on the growth momentum 
that we've achieved in Q1.  
Now with this, I'll hand over the call to Prateek so that he can discuss the 
financial performance. 
Prateek Chandra:  
Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ended June 2022.  
Consolidated Revenue from operations was Rs. 225 crores in this quarter, 
a growth of 24% year on year, primarily due to 23% increase in paying 
subscription suppliers, as well as addition of Rs 10.5 crores from the 
accounting software segment. On the like-to-like basis, standalone 
collections from customers, Revenue from operations and Deferred 
Revenue were at Rs 241 crores, Rs. 213 crores and Rs. 935 crores, 
representing a year-on-year growth of 42%, 18% and 31% respectively. 
The company continued making growth investments in increasing 
manpower across functions, leading to an additional 163 new employees 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
in this quarter, taking total employee headcount to 3,835. Consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at 29%.  
We recorded significant decline in other income from Rs. 30 crores 
previous quarter to Rs. 1 crore this quarter, primarily due to mark-to-
market losses on treasury portfolio, owing to significant increase in bond 
yields during the quarter. As most of our treasury investments are in high 
grade securities, and have been done with the perspective of holding for 
two to three years, we believe that this notional loss will reverse the next 
few quarters. As a result, Net Profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 47 crores 
with a margin of 21%.  
Cash generated from operations during the quarter was Rs. 75 crores. 
During the quarter, in addition to cash generated from operations, we has 
utilised cash in making payments for Busy and Finlite acquisitions as well 
as completing Rs. 100 crores share buyback and resultant tax and expense 
of Rs 25 crores. As a result, Consolidated cash balance stood at that Rs. 
1,882 crores as of 30th of June 2022. 
Thank you very much. We are now ready to take any questions.  
 
Ravi Gothwal:  
We will now begin the Q&A session. Please allow camera and 
microphone access. If you wish to ask a question once the presentation is 
available on your screen. You may type your question in the discussion 
panel and we will revert to you if any question remains unanswered. 
Please restrict to two questions so that we may be able to address 
questions from all the participants. We will wait for a couple of seconds 
while the question queue assembles. 
First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivekanand:  
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, could you help us 
understand your distribution model now? How much of the new customer 
addition is happening via channel partners versus your own employees? 
And why is the outsourced sales costs still rising despite a QoQ decline 
in collections? Second question is on the competition. We are seeing 
competition from two areas: One is the newage B2B marketplaces like 
Moglix or even a large corporate group like MNP, Grasim. And secondly, 
the government is talking about its own ONDC marketplace. So, Dinesh 
Ji, just wanted to understand is it fair to assess that IndiaMART is focused 
mostly on SMEs at both ends, such as buyers and suppliers whereas most 
of the peers are focused on large enterprise buyers?  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
On the new channel vs self, I think the channel has been developed over 
a period of 18 months or so, and we continue to invest behind channel 
development. Currently, I think new subscriber acquisition is slowly 
approaching towards half in half. So, half of them are coming from the 
people who are completely managed by IndiaMART, they are still on a 
different third party payrolls and the second part is the channel, so half is 
coming from the channel. On your question, why the channel cost is still 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
increasing versus the collection from the last quarter. So, collection from 
the last Q4 quarter, most of our collection comes from existing customers, 
however, the channel is deployed to for the new customer acquisition. So, 
if you see channel cost will probably start to stabilise in some quarters, 
but for now I think channel costs will remain elevated. On competition 
segment, to some extent you are right, that we are more of a marketplace, 
we are more of a network effect business where buyer and supplier both 
comes and many of the names that you took are typically focusing on 
trading of goods rather than matchmaking and network effect so, to that 
extent, we are very different however, after matchmaking also, the buyers 
and suppliers transact with each other. So, from that perspective, we are 
similar and none of them are actually solving full discovery issue. So, 
currently, if you look at whether it is price discovery, product discovery 
model, supply discovery, none of them are working on solving the full 
issue. With 7.2 million suppliers, 86 million products, we get a wide 
variety of the products and suppliers on IndiaMART platform. So, in that 
respect, I think we continue to perform better year-on-year over any other 
platform that you can see. 
Vivekanand:  
This is very helpful sir, just a small follow up. So, one is on the you know 
your own employees acquiring new customers versus channel partners. 
So last, I remember I think you had said that around 500 of your own 
employees were also acquiring customers. Is that number similar or is that 
come down now? Secondly, on the explanation you gave on competition 
just wanted your thoughts on the government's ONDC marketplace 
because that comes up for discussion very often. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
On the bright side 500 people are in customer acquisition they are in sales 
& supervision and then there are managers who are overseeing the 
channel, there are managers who are overseeing the branches. So, those 
are the people on the IndiaMART payroll and rest everybody is on 
channel and other third party. 
On the ONDC, it is something as a concept evolving and very early and 
as and when more clarity will emerge, we will try and see where we can 
collaborate and where to compete. But I think it will be more of a 
collaboration if at all it becomes positive. So, and it is mostly for B2C 
consumers and for B2B consumers I think because it's still maybe five 
years away after they become successful on B2C side.  
Ravi Gothwal:  
So next question is from the line of Pranav from Edelweiss. Pranav, please 
go ahead. 
Pranav:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding the cost or, 
you know, the cost, we typically used to see some decline in Q1 from Q4, 
but this quarter, there was an increase. So how should we see in the next 
couple of quarters cost going up?  So that's my first question. And 
secondly, if I look at two factors, one is the unique business inquiries and 
traffic that has sort of plateaued and sort of started declining, can you give 
me some more colour on, you know, what is happening? If there are any 
cuts, which are actually leading to decline or how's the underlying traffic 
becoming? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So, let me address the second part and then Prateek will answer the first 
part. On the traffic and unique business enquiries they have stabilized, I 
don’t think 1-2% decline will matter and on the vendor side what had 
happened is a lot of stress items were in demand during the covid times. 
Thankfully, whether it is mask with the sanitizer with medical equipment, 
a lot of that demand has weaned away. Thus, the other part is that 
especially in the month of April, post Quarter 4, there has been a huge 
price rise in various commodities, and that probably led to some tapering 
off demands and this is very seasonal I guess, we should not have any 
much worry on both sides, we should be fine on the buyer side. From the 
pre-Covid levels, we are up for almost 33 to 40% on the buyer side. If we 
can maintain these for next couple of quarters and then start to grow 
slowly at 10 to 20% per annum that should be fine. Prateek, you want to 
add about the cost. 
Prateek Chandra:  
Pranav as I have already spoken about, we continue to invest behind 
growth and therefore, we have also added manpower in this quarter. So, 
almost 163 new employees have been added because of which if you see 
the total manpower cost has moved up other than that the cost have been 
going up largely in line with the customer additions where we require 
more employees for hosting of the new customers volume. Let me just 
repeat my answer on your question on the cost, what I was explaining 
about the cost was the last quarter we had a total cost of Rs. 144 crores 
increased from Rs. 93 crores quarter before, of which almost Rs. 4 Crore 
is on account of addition of accounting and software vertical. And the 
other is because of the normal increase in the manpower of those 150 odd 
people. We continue to make these investments and continue to add 
employees which will be needed for the growth in the business. On the 
overall basis, we expect our margins to remain stable at 20% to 30% for 
the next two or three quarters, similar to every time we continue to be in 
growth phase. 
Pranav:  
Okay and I also wanted to ask a bit about Busy. So, you know, Busy has 
shown good margins. So how should we see the growth of business going 
forward? And have you started seeing any benefit, you know, because of 
the integration, cross selling etc, you know, which will aid growth. 
Brijesh Agrawal:  
So, Pranav as I mentioned the focus in Q1 for us has been that, given that 
acquisition causes anxiety amongst people, amongst the partner networks, 
and we also need to go ahead and strengthen the basic financial systems, 
our focus essentially has been on doing that well. And as I said, it come 
out with fairly well, we should be able to, you know, start focusing on 
building up the sales team in Q2, and then start to build up on the partner 
network in Q3, and I think these two quarters Q2 and Q3 put together, 
should give us a very good view on how the business will move going 
forward. We should be able to come back to you with a lot more clarity 
once we’ve sailed through this initial period where it is important to 
ensure that the acquisition and this whole transition actually happens. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you Pranav. next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee, 
you can go ahead now. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Abhishek Banerjee:  
I couldn't hear your explanation on the cost side. Are you saying that 
manpower cost and outsourced sales cost are going to be in the same, I 
mean, are they going to be continuing the same trajectory going ahead? 
Prateek Chandra:  
So what I said was that the manpower costs and the outsourcing both of 
them will grow in line with our overall customer base. What we are 
anticipating is that as we are continuing to invest in this growth for the 
next two, three quarters, and after that it will start showing some 
stabilisation.  
Abhishek Banerjee:  
Okay. So, for the next two-three quarters they should remain alleviated 
and then it will be in line with the revenues. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yeah, if you are comparing them with the previous year, then obviously 
yes, they will remain alleviated. But if you are comparing them from Q1 
level, I think as the revenue growth is now, on a standalone basis at 
IndiaMART is about 5%-6% QoQ. I would say that similar increase you 
should assume in the manpower cost and outsourced cost, so that we will 
maintain about similar 30% EBITDA margin. 
Abhishek Banerjee:  
Got it. So, do you share any numbers on average order values for you're 
paying customers? Because I saw a slide on ARPU, can you share any 
metrics of the ROI that a paying subscriber is making on your platform? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yeah, I think many quarters ago I have shared some data around this. 
Average order value because IndiaMART is a horizontal platform is very 
difficult to say average because there is clothing, there are machinery and 
there are grains and there is raw material. However, whatever little 
information that we get from our own survey, we get to see anywhere 
between 500 dollar to 1,000 dollar average order value. Our own payment 
platform Pay-with-IndiaMART where people use that for smaller orders 
because for larger orders they typically do not use the payment gateway 
system, there we see an average value of about 25,000 rupees. However, 
the larger orders are not processed through the Pay-with-IndiaMART 
platform. As against this, in certain reports I had read that average order 
value on Amazon is about 13-14 dollars versus the average order on 
Udaan was about 60 to 75 dollars, our average order value is almost 10x 
of that. In terms of ROI, ROI is calculated based upon number of inquiries 
per customer and the conversion and the average order value for that 
industry, all together will define the overall ROI for the customer. 
Generally, we have seen that in the last four or five years our number of 
inquiries have gone multi-fold up as compared to the number of 
customers, inquiries per customer is already at a quite healthy number and 
that is why we are also trying to work more on the relevancy side, so that 
the relevancy led improvement can happen, in different-different industry 
segment the order value will be different and typically, customers are able 
to convert anywhere between 5% to 10% of the inquiries that they receive. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Moving on then the next question of Anmol Garg, please go ahead with 
your question. Please unmute your line here.  
Anmol Garg:  
Hi, just had couple of questions. Firstly, we added some 226 employees 
in product and tech this quarter, will it be entirely related to busy Infotech 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
or we have also increased the intensity of our tech hiring. That’s one, and 
secondly wanted to have a view on margins that we are giving an estimate 
of adding 8,000 to 9,000 paid suppliers every quarter. So just wanted to 
understand that our sales and employee cost will increase in that manner, 
however, can we expect any advertisement revenue also coming through 
into the company to increase our traffic share? And can that impact our 
margins as well in the next year or going ahead as well? So these are the 
two questions from my side. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
At first talking about the product and technology employees. In the last 
few years, we haven't hired any product and technology and we have 
given offers to the campus in different time last year, and people had 
started to join as a trainee from January and most of the people completed 
their examination and became permanent in this particular quarter. And 
that's why you're seeing a step function jump in the employee count, so 
we have actually beefed up our product and tech team, knowing that the 
market is going to be tough for product and tech, we need more people 
we have expanded multi fold into different products as you can see our 
CRM has become quite mainstream. And we are also trying to do 
experiments around various more engagement features on the relevance 
improvement, category-based improvement as well as going trying to 
experiment more on the payment and product side. On the busy also I 
think 180 total employees have been added, 181 as of 30th June but the 
entire piece we are trying to explain here is the count of people that have 
joined IndiaMart and that is the not on account of people at Busy.   
 
The second question was around margins. So, as we guided that margin 
will remain in the range of 30 odd percent. As we are adding these new 
customers, these new customers are added at the lowest ARPU in the 
entry level, as these customers move up in the value chain over the years 
that will improve demand. So as the customer moves up becomes older 
and then the margins improved. And you can see the top 10% Customers 
ARPU is around 220k and top 1% customers ARPU is around 790k. 
However, the overall ARPU is about 47k While the silver monthly ARPU 
has been around 2,500 per month which is about 30,000 on annual basis. 
Anmol Garg:  
So, just a follow up on that, just wanted to understand that can we expect 
IndiaMART to spend more on advertisement as well in coming years? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
As we have always guided, if at all, we decide to do any advertisement, it 
will be to the tune of you know Rs. 30-40 crore per annum. However, we 
feel that last couple of years, there are more buyers than sellers on 
platform, we are trying to build more supply on the platform, more 
responsive supply. So I think, in current year or so, we don't plan to spend 
anything on the brand building advertising for buyer acquisition. Our 
100% buyer acquisition remains organic and we believe that it will remain 
so, for the next year or so. If at all, there are any advertising plan will let 
you know in advance. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Next question is from the line of Ratik Gupta Guardian Asset 
Management. Ratik please go ahead. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Ratik:  
Hi, Good evening. So, my first question is on the supplier front. So, 
although we are seeing a 10,000 increase in the supply front for this 
quarter, so do we have a number if we have lost any? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
If you're asking about the churn, we give the churn numbers quite 
frequently in every call, in the top gold and platinum customers, the churn 
remains less than 10% per annum, in the silver annual segment, the churn 
becomes about 20 to 25% per annum, and in the silver monthly segment, 
churn is about 5% per month. 
Ratik:   
Okay, and my second question is, on the current scenario, what we see is 
that the focus has been towards the manufacturing sector and the product 
sector. So, are we looking forward to move towards the service sector as 
well as IndiaMART service? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
On a large macro side, dividing that into manufacturing, I think we many, 
many service providers are our customers also. We go by small category 
by categories, from business services, construction services, that kind of 
it and I think we continue to expand into more and more categories to 
monetize better, and we will continue to do that. But are we going to go 
into B2C services? I don't think so. We will continue to remain B2B 
services. 
Ratik:  
Not specifically to B2B or B2C? Sir, I'm talking about the services the 
service segments sector as we are focused towards the manufacturing 
sector like industrial plants machinery or the construction or the 
machinery parts, are we focusing on the service segments as well? The 
supposedly IT services or the financial services segment? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yeah, not much on IT services and financial services, but you will see 
many, many software companies, you will see many callcentre 
companies, you will also see many consultants, you will see many 
chartered accountants and logistics service providers, transportation that 
kind of services. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra, HDFC securities. Amit, 
please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra:  
Yes sir. So, my first question is on the on the customer addition that is 
mostly on the monthly subscribers. So, what percentage of the monthly 
subscribers get converted to maybe a long-term engagement with us. So, 
if you can provide some colours on that, whether how many of them that 
we add, like remain with us, because you have mentioned that churn is 
coming down. So, what kind of impact is going to have on our ARPU 
over a longer period of time. And also, in terms of the addition that if I 
see the incremental ARPU that is obviously on the lower side, so 
obviously, are we providing some kind of discounts to get suppliers on 
our platform or the pricing remains the same. 
Dinesh Agarwal: 
So for the first one, on the long term ARPU growth, typically we try to 
take anywhere between 5% to 6% CAGR ARPU growth and that has been 
the past and will remain similar. First of all about 2/3 of customers come 
in the monthly mode and 1/3 of the customer from the annual mode and 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
from the silver customers, many customers upgrade to the gold and 
platinum over a period of time.  Approximately 20% of the customers 
typically upgrade in a year's time. So, if you look at the cohort wise, some 
maybe upgrade in second or third month and so on approximately 20% in 
upsell into yearly and that is how ARPU increases over a period of time. 
Currently the additions are going to happen on the silver side, so in the 
near term, ARPU will remain flat or even could be even muted for some 
time. But over a long period of time, they will increase by way of certain 
upgrades.  Are we giving discounts? I think on the silver side, there are 
not much discounts, it’s a fixed price product. When it comes to the 
platinum side, we definitely offer customised packages for larger 
customers.  
Amit Chandra: 
So my next question is on the channel partners. So how the channel 
partner economics actually work in terms of commission's that were given 
to channel partners, because what I'm seeing is that as you mentioned that 
the cost will actually go up in line with the supplier addition. So, why is 
it that most of the sales that is coming or sales like I mean, in terms of 
customer additions that is coming, is mostly through the channel partner 
ecosystem or our in-house sales is also adding to this?  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Yeah, as I said earlier, that about 50% or more than 50% of the sales 
currently come from in house sales channel and our endeavour is to keep 
it at 50%-50% and the cost on the employee front will rise because our 
cumulative customer base is increasing and we need Client Servicing and 
renewal and upsell employees and those are 100% in house employees. 
We have not yet involved channel partners there but we will probably 
start to think about those, especially in the tier 3 towns. And how the 
commission works is very, much like standard DSA mechanism, which 
you see in the banking sector or which you see in the accounting sector. 
So, the Commission on the sales is to the channel partners is on per sale 
basis, and is arrived at based upon the historical cost . 
Ravi Gothwal:  
We will move on to the next participant. Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Advisors. Please go ahead, Manish. 
Manish Gupta:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I’m sorry, I’m coming back to a question 
other participants have also raised, you know, you made a statement, I 
hope I’ve understood that right, that employee cost will stay roughly 
proportionate to how your revenue increases. That’s kind of you know, 
very counterintuitive, because of two reasons. One is, one would expect 
that there would be some productivity of the sales force over time. And 
secondly, you know, you do mention that people come in in the lower tier 
and then they upgrade to higher revenue per supplier as they move into 
the silver and the gold and the platinum programmes. So, it’s very 
counterintuitive. Why your employee to revenue ratio just for the 
standalone business should not decline over time? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So if you look at the current slide on screen, on a long term basis, the 
margins will improve, and they have been improving. It is only in last two 
years they have not been exceptionally high because we have been 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
investing behind growth hence employee expense for the next two 
quarters it will grow in line with that after that it will stabilize.  
Ravi Gothwal:   
So, we’ll move on to the next participant, Amit from HDFC Securities, 
please go ahead with your question?  
Amit Chandra:  
So on the cost part of questions, if I saw the adjusted EBITDA margins 
that you're given, that is excluding the ESOP cost, if I'm not wrong, and 
if I exclude the ESOP cost and if I exclude the acquisition impact, then 
the margins come to around 33%, right ? So what you're seeing here, is 
that the investments we're planning, and we're targeting 30% margin 
because the margins of like Busy are on the higher side right. So, typically 
it would have a positive impact on the margins. So, how do you see the 
cost aspect and also the ESOP cost? And what will the ESOP cost for full 
year, if you can give that and also on a standalone basis, how they will 
move and when it will be stable at these levels? 
Prateek Chandra:  
Sure, so, one clarification when we said about 30% margin that was for 
EBITDA and not adjusted EBITDA. So, that was actually including the 
stock comp expense, regarding the ESOP prediction or as to how do we 
see this cost. So, this cost is primarily on account of the ESOP we gave 
in month of January. So, for first year, this cost will stay high and over 
next three quarters it will stay high. After that, depending upon the 
amortisation schedule it will come down and will stay at 7 Crore for next 
three quarters and then will come down. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
On the Busy side, Busy is very new and very small business as compared 
to the overall business and we will make investments in product, 
technology and sales. So, for Busy while you are seeing the current 
profitability as particular, I think our immediate target in Busy is not about 
margins, but about expanding the sales and making the product available 
on mobile and cloud and all those things. So, I would say that, that Rs. 5 
Crore would not have a larger impact on the operating margin on the 
consolidated basis. 
Amit Chandra:  
Now, so again on the on the busy side, sir. So, obviously, the rounded that 
we are showing it's indicating on Rs. 40 crores for full year, but when we 
acquired also the revenue was actually higher. So, are we are we seeing a 
YoY kind of a decline for Busy or there is some accounting changes that 
impacting that and how we are recognising the revenue for Busy and also 
in terms of longer term targets, how do you see the revenue growth for 
Busy and in terms of cross sale, how the opportunity is panning out? 
Brijesh Agrawal:  
So, Amit two things. One, the earlier financials issued were based upon 
IFRS from this quarter onwards we have shifted to Ind-AS and therefore 
the whole policy of revenue recognition is now as per Ind-AS and not 
IFRS. So, on a like-to-like comparison basis, if you look at last year, the 
revenues were based upon the billing, the billing in Q1 is at Rs. 13 crores 
which means it will be at a run rate of about Rs. 52 crores, higher than the 
revenues which were there last year. Now, having said this, when we look 
at the focus that we are having on the Busy business, as I mentioned, the 
first focus is to make sure that the people and the partners continue to 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
stick with the business and do not get alarmed by this change in 
management that has happened. We would be able to go ahead and start 
focusing on growth from Q2, Q3 onwards as we start to invest behind 
growing the team and growing the partner network.  
We had had shared in the last quarter, three priorities in this financial year 
would be, one. to double the rate of growth from the erstwhile 10% to 
about 20-25% in this financial year, second, is to increase the overall 
number of new licences, which are being sold, you know, because that 
would be forming the foundation for accelerated growth in the years to 
come. And third would be to go ahead and invest behind building the team 
and improving the overall awareness of the product, so that we can ensure 
better penetration in markets all across India. So, these would be the three 
priorities for us. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Next question is from the line of Ajay Modi. Ajay, please go ahead. 
Ajay:  
Prateek and Dinesh Ji, quick question. So are we saying that our quarterly 
employee plus outsourced manpower expense run rate is which is now 
roughly about Rs. 120 odd crores will go higher further? So that's my first 
question. 
Prateek Chandra:  
Okay, so coming back to the question on the employee front, as we 
discussed right now that we will continue to add people. And as the people 
will get added, this cost will increase. However, as a percentage of 
revenues, it's likely to stay the same because the revenues will also grow 
further.  
Ajay:  
Understood, but then Prateek and I think Dinesh Ji can come in here. So 
our expenses, which were largely flat, we did not do any large hiring, 
didn’t increase team size back in 2020 and 2021, which we’ve started 
doing now, my question here is, shouldn’t we be sweating these 
employees more, shouldn’t the growth rate to be higher. I mean, for 
example, you just said that target is to 25% kind of higher IRR four or 
higher for busy, but for Rs. 40 Crore sales 25% is growth is about Rs. 10 
crores which is way too small for a company of our size, right. So, what 
my understanding that I’m trying to seek here is what is stopping us from 
higher growth right now we are at 179,000 active users in the IndiaMART 
platform compared to 7.2 million storefronts, which is roughly about two 
or two and a half percent of paid to overall subscriber. So what is I mean 
we if we have money if we are spending if we are hiring, what is stopping 
us from saying that look, I will drop my ARPU slower and I will increase 
my subscriptions far, far, far higher. I mean, we are the market leader. So 
why are we not cleaning out this market completely? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Let's look at the leading indicators of the growth. So there are two leading 
indicators of the growth, one, is the number of customers and the second 
is the collections. If you look at FY21, we neither added customers nor 
added any collection. So, if you look at the collection of FY21 versus 
FY20, it was a flat collection. And if you look at the number of paying 
subscriber it was a flat year, in the FY22 also, the first half was marred 
by COVID, it was only whatever growth has happened in the second half 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
of the year. Now, if you look at the current trend, so we are trying to 
double our customer growth from 20,00 per annum, now, we are saying 
that we will go to about 35,000 per annum at about 8,000 to 9,000 
customers per quarter. So, I think we are investing behind growth. Now, 
why can't we go even higher, that limits my ability to manage and people's 
or businesses’ adoption of internet, I think we remain committed to a 
profitable growth business, as we said earlier, so, even before the 
pandemic, our revenue used to grow at predefined 30% cost seems to 
grow at 15% to 20%. And that's what resulted into margin expansion. I 
think for now, given that we have not done any investment in the last two 
years, currently the margins will remain flat at around 30%. However, as 
we achieve a higher trajectory, we will again start to focus on margins 
expansion. 
Ajay:  
Understood, quickly Dinesh Ji. So, you said that why can't we go higher 
that limits your ability to manage, my question is that look for example, 
we acquired busy, busy as a revenue of what Rs. 40 crores I mean for 
doing a 25% growth Rs. 10 crores doesn't even move the needle for 
IndiaMART as a platform, specifically for Busy, I mean, at what point 
would we expect a little more aggressive growth here? 
Brijesh Agrawal:  
As I mentioned, we will be able to come back with a much better view on 
the overall Busy business from next year onwards because we would have 
seen through this entire time of integration and assimilation of people and 
partners, and we will build visibility on acquisition and revenue growth 
going forward. Okay, I’ve already said this multiple times during the 
acquisition process, that in first year, my entire focus would be to make 
sure that we do not go berserk with this division. So, I think the most 
important factor is that this year let us focus on retaining the revenue, 
retaining the employee, retaining the partners, retaining the customers, 
understanding the business inside out, and then next year onwards, let’s 
put the focus on growth. 
Ajay:  
So, then if I were to ask you, what is a three or a five-year view with this 
business, I mean, what size can should it become not can, but what size 
should it become? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
I have given the long term, my own expectation that over a period of time 
over the next 10 years this can become a Rs. 500 crore business from Rs. 
50 crore business. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Next question is from the line of Vivekanand. Do you have a follow up 
question? 
Vivekanand:  
Yes, Ravi, I have two follow up. So, one is on the investments, there are 
several startups where IndiaMART stake is less than 20% like M1 
exchange or Bizom. So, do you see an opportunity to increase your stake 
in these companies anytime soon? Also, in the next 12 to 18 months, how 
do you envisage the utilisation of cash, will there be any major new 
investments or material follow on rounds that you expect? Second 
question is on the shift to weekly salary payout? Is that having any bearing 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
on attrition? Is there anything else to call out in terms of attrition? Thank 
you. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So on the weekly salary, it has been received very well. And I believe that 
the kind of things that we are listening in the market about attrition, we 
are not that badly affected. But, you know, I don’t think this can be the 
only reason for our attrition, so if we had a monthly salary, the attrition 
would have been 1% higher. So I think everything adds up to be attrition. 
On the minority investment side, you’re right that we wanted most of the 
investments to be around 20%. In many cases, we probably found either 
it too early to go beyond 20% or the availability to expand further. And 
in Bizom over the time, we have increased the ownership, in Vyapaar, we 
started with less but now we are 25-26%, in Legistify also we started with 
10-11%, now we are at 15%. So as and when we continue to assess 
businesses and as and when there are any new things we will continue to 
look for opportunities to increase our size.  In 9 out of the 14 investments 
that you see here, are about 25% or more, specifically about M1 exchange, 
it’s an RBI controlled and regulated entity and no single entity can take 
more than 10%, being a RBI controlled banking exchange, so we are only 
allowed to take up to 10% We already have 7.7% and when we will find 
the opportunity we will increase it to 9.9% 
Vivekanand:  
Okay, thank you just one more follow up. Any updates on Vyapar and  
how the uptake has been or how you are thinking about it alongside Busy? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Both operate in a very different segment. While Busy operates at more of 
a small and medium businesses, Vyapar operate mostly at a micro and 
small businesses, for Vyapar less than 50% of our customers are 
registered, for Busy I think more than 80% or 90% of customers are 
registered, if not mistaken and not only just registered, but I think with 
good turnover. So, Vyapar and busy are actually solving very different 
needs for very different customer segments. Busy probably has more to 
do with any kind of market whereas Vyapar is very self-sell accounting 
software or DIY accounting software.  
Ravi Gothwal:  
Moving on to next participant Ajay Modi. Do you have a follow up 
question? 
Ajay:  
Yeah. Dinesh Ji quick one, we have a very large exposure now to 
accounting we have Livekeeping, Realbooks Busy and Vyapar. Can you 
just throw some light on what is your long term thought process with all 
these and while I understand which pieces of the puzzle do they fit in? 
What are we looking at from a longer term? What is opportunity size that 
we're looking at? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Opportunity size, if you look at today's market, about Rs. 2,000 crore is 
what the customer pays about Rs. 1,000 crores are what the company's 
revenues are, because most of the companies have been working on box 
licence model and on the transfer pricing model. So, from the customer 
side, I'm not talking SAP and others, only the small business accounting 
for tax, thats about Rs. 2000 crore rupees market and this market has 
grown rapidly after the GST, this market has actually tripled from being 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Rs. 300 to Rs. 2,000 market and ever since then it has been growing and 
now with mobile and cloud we believe that this market can become a 
billion dollar market over the next 10 years or so, out of that if you look 
at major market share has been with Tally and Tally has been primarily 
an accountant led desktop only accounting software, our take is that, that 
is going to change Vyapar came from a mobile only and DIY accounting 
and now slowly and slowly started to offer a hybrid cloud onto desktop 
as well as mobile,  Realbooks is a multi-branch, multi-location 
simultaneous accounting system, Busy though it has a historically box 
based, pure desktop model. But I think our vision is to convert that over 
a period of time into a mobile and multilocation cloud-based model. So 
we believe that this is a good fit. Anyway, it has all the good business 
models like stickiness, customer stickiness. It has a recurring revenue 
stream. Earlier it was in the name of AMC or upgrades. Now I think over 
a period of time as we have seen most of the software is moving into a 
recurring revenue system. I think we are looking at currently 1 million 
businesses within IndiaMART ecosystem using our software, Vyapar has 
been used by almost half a million people. Busy is being used by many, 
three lakh licences have been sold. Many, many people have two three 
firms being operated on the same licence. And similarly, Tally as per 
public resources, there are about 5 million users on Tally. I think this 
market is going to only grow. It's been there for almost two years now and 
this market is going to grow. 
Ajay: 
But are we already seeing the kind of adoption here, as in from a export 
point of view? What you what you would have expected in terms of 
production? Are you seeing that already? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
So in Vyapar, when we first saw Vyapar, somewhere in the middle of 
2019, it had less than 10,000 customers. Now just three years from then, 
in July 2022, there already have been 20,000 odd customers. So, they have 
added one lakh plus customers in three years. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
I'll now read out a couple of questions from the discussion panel. So, first 
question is, do you charge commission as a percentage of sales from your 
platinum subscribers to understand the ARPU of these subscribers?  
Dinesh Agarwal:  
No, we don't.  
Ravi Gothwal:  
Okay, now, moving on to the next question, what is the registered supplier 
versus paid supplier ratio? And what is your current conversion rate from 
the free supplier to the paid supplier? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
About 1,70,000 customer are paid and there are about 70 lakh free 
customer. So, that makes about 2.5% of the customer base which is paid. 
If you look at worldwide classifieds, they typically have anywhere 
between 2% to 5% penetration, whether you look at any of these. In our 
case, being B2B, we look at GST data and out of the GST data about 12 
million people there, there should be about more than a million possible 
customer base over a long period of time. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Okay. So, just a follow up sir on this, what would be the strategic focus 
area or how do you plan to improve this conversion, apart from 
advertising, but what are the key drivers to improve this conversion rate? 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
We continue to expand, make it easier for people to do DIY as well as 
continue to expand our touch points, whether it is online, telephone based 
or community based. Now, we have expanded through channels also we 
will continue to do that. I would say one of the most important factors in 
this free to paid conversion is people's own ability to take out value from 
an internet-based business, there are within the same category, within the 
same geography, there are some people in the same geography, same 
industry are able to take out better value from IndiaMART and some 
people are not, because of the ways how they have adopted to Internet. 
And as more and more people are adopting more and more, businesses 
are adopting, that they will also want to improve over a period of time. 
We have seen it's been only five to seven years and  mobile phone has 
become quite popular. I think it will continue to improve over a period of 
time. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you very much sir. Now I would like to hand over the call to 
Dinesh ji for the closing remarks. 
Dinesh Agarwal:  
Thank you very much for joining our Q1 FY 23 conference call. I'm sorry 
about the internet disturbance that we had, in case you have more queries, 
please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations Department and they 
will be happy to answer your queries one on one. Thank you very much. 
Have a great day and have a great weekend. 
Ravi Gothwal:  
Thank you all the participants on behalf of IndiaMART. We now 
conclude this webinar. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
