July 27, 2022 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
(Atten: DCS Listing) 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1 , G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
(Atten: Manager Listing Department) 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 543187, NSE Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA 
Dear Sirs, 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on July 21, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors on Thursday, 
July 21, 2022 and the same can be accessed at https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-relations/analyst-section 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
F~~achi Energy India Limited 
(f ~:;o 
as ABB Powec Pcodoc• aod System, lodia Umlted 
Poova 
Ammatanda 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Hitachi Energy India Limited 
(Formerly known as ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited) 
Registered and Corporate Office: 
8th Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401, 
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru - 560 092, 
Phone: 080 68473700, 080 22041800 
GIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597 
www.hitachienergy.com/in 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
MR. VENU NUGURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, HITACHI ENERGY INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SINGH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, HITACHI ENERGY 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. POOVANNA AMMATANDA– GENERAL COUNSEL, COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER, HITACHI ENERGY INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next: 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2/14
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hitachi Energy India Limited Q1 FY '23 Analyst 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need as-
sistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. N. Venu – MD and CEO, Hitachi Energy India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Venu Nuguri: 
Thank You, Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us for the call. I hope all is well at your 
end and you continue to take all necessary precautions to keep safe. While the pandemic seems 
to have eased recently, we reached the 200-crore milestone of cumulative doses administered in 
the country. However, there are dangers still looming just beyond the horizon.  The economy is on 
the path of recovery to pre-pandemic levels. There is a healthy momentum with demand and eco-
nomic activity picking up and business confidence had started to improve the last time we spoke. 
However, multitude of factors continue to impact the growth numbers. We believe these are short-
term challenges, which would flatten out in the longer term. We have uploaded the Presentation in 
BSE and NSE website which I am going to use for your ease of reference. We kickstarted the 
quarter on an optimistic note but were also cautioned by supply side constraints such as increasing 
commodities prices, freight and logistics cost, semi-conductor crunch, all of which were acerbated 
by the turmoil.  
This has impacted economies and industries, affecting the entire ecosystem, including our profita-
bility as well as that or our customers and partners. In these challenging times, Hitachi Energy India 
scored some significant wins. In the quarter ending 30 June, we received orders worth INR 3,054.6 
crore, up 309.7 percent YoY. As a pioneering technology leader, well entrenched in the market 
with a long-standing partnership with the customers. Our value-driven engagement with customers 
helped at driving some of the key order wins this quarter.  
The order for a 1000 MW HVDC link between Kudus-Mumbai reiterates customer confidence in 
our technology expertise. The game-changing 1,000 MW HVDC link will increase the supply of 
power to the city by almost 50 percent, paving the way for utilities in the country to adapt to the 
grid of the future.  
Our long-term fundamentals appear solid, India continues to be a fast-growth market with strong 
potential and as a market leader, we continue our engagement with the customers to collectively 
emerge out of this uncertain market situation. 
Our work is underpinned by Safety, Integrity and Quality - our licenses to operate. And it continues 
to resonate with our customers through our high service ethics. We have continued organizing 
regular training sessions for our employees, contract staff and partners to arrest the spread Covid, 
reduce site hazards and avert any issue arising.   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3/14
 
We conducted special sessions to spread awareness regarding Risk Management and Life Saving 
Rules, summer readiness at sites, and so on, to ensure our people and adapt to new norm 
measures and bring Safety & well-being into routine practice as a way of life in all our premises.  
Moving to the next slide, Slide #5. As an organization we take a holistic approach in growth of the 
organization, our employees, our ecosystem and the community we serve across the country. We 
won milestone orders such as the Mumbai infeed HVDC, expanded our export footprint for high 
voltage offering and executed projects from various industrial and infrastructure segments. We 
contributed to policy shaping conversations at platforms like CII, IEEMA and industry thought lead-
ership forums such as the Karnataka Energy Conference 2022, Sweden India Dialogue on Sus-
tainability.  To further share our technology expertise, we inaugurated the smart electric lab in NIT 
Warangal, which is aimed at driving smart electric grid technology education, skills development 
and research activities. We also re-initiated Hitachi Energy Technology Conference on-ground 
face-to-face event at Lucknow and another held in partnership with CEA. Marking environment 
day, we conducted a sustainability drive at our manufacturing facility in Gujarat. This was an em-
ployees-led initiative and they planted over ~1300 saplings at our Vadodara premises.  
Moving to the Slide #6. Last year, we announced our 2030 carbon neutral goals. We had set mile-
stones defining our journey for operations in India, as well as around the world. We modeled our 
strategies to implement this both ground up and top down, to meet the urgency and pace of change 
required to reach a carbon-neutral future.   
In the last three months, we conducted energy assessments across our manufacturing locations. 
We have nominated location leads who will undergo BEE Certified Energy Manager course. 
STECOs with location ownership and management buy-ins helped ensure cadence and continuity 
in our sustainability plans. Achieving the promise means integrating renewable energy by over-
coming capacity issues and reducing waste. We continue to maintain 100% fossil free electricity 
consumption. Furthermore, the insights from the assessment also helped us identify the potential 
to reduce 62% CO2 emission by end of this fiscal year.  
As a responsible organization, we keep proactively doing our bit towards a sustainable future with 
the first one being our Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, a non-financial disclosure 
done for the FY21-22 period. And this is also first among the many companies to set ourselves in 
the leadership position we have come out of the report, which we have published as part of our 
annual report. 
Moving to the next slide, Slide #7. In terms of the pandemic, we are not out of the woods yet. The 
Caseload has decreased from where we were a year ago, but the concern remains. There has 
been a gradual improvement across indices such as the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), and 
core industries. Earlier this quarter, India’s power demand touched an all-time high of 210 GW. 
According to analyst reports, electricity demand in just a few months of this year, is exceeding the 
demand anticipated for the year.  Analysts estimate Indian GDP in this fiscal year to be in the range 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4/14
 
of 7-8%. While India is largely a consumption-driven economy, we are not isolated by the global 
headwinds. 
Inflation remains high above 6% against the global double-digit inflation. It is projected at 6.7% for 
FY22-23. Our currency further depreciated against the dollar. Just earlier this week, we touched 
Rs 80 per dollar, the lowest in the history. The shortage of semiconductors continued to worry the 
industry.  
Moving to the next slide, Slide #8, There are multiple factors at play leading to the present semi-
conductor crunch that we are facing. For one, there is spiraling growth in the demand for semicon-
ductors with the increasing digitalization and consumption of electronics and automotive. This cou-
ple with lagging impact of Covid disruptions and geo-political tensions have reduced semiconductor 
supply to a trickle.  But we are working through the problem by reassessing certain strategies that 
will help us steer through the turbulent time in the long term.  One of the first strategies is reducing 
our dependency on the chips by redesigning products and increasing our focus on product lines 
that do not depend heavily on semi-conductors, such as COMBILFEX, RTU, enterprise software 
and network control.   
We are collaborating with global teams in business unit operations and supply chain teams on 
stock-sharing and material allocation. We are proactively stocking some of the fast-moving elec-
tronic items to provide temporary hedging from the sky-rocketing product prices.  
While the global semiconductor manufacturers and the global supply chain organizations are con-
tinuously working towards striking the balance of demand and supply, it will take some time to 
reach ideal scenarios. Analysts are predicting that we are yet to hit the upper limit of demand, and 
that the material costs especially for semiconductors might further rise by 10-15% in the near-term 
owing to ongoing inflationary pressures.  
Moving to the next slide, that is Slide #9. If you look at the breakup of the orders, demand in this 
quarter was driven by orders from across the segment including industry, rail & metro, all led by 
T&D.  While the HVDC order win accounted for the large jump in the utility order, we saw robust 
growth in the industry segment, growing 100% compared to the same quarter last year. This also 
explains the sharp rise in the number of orders handled through direct sales.  
A considerable portion of our orders pertaining to renewable energy, align with the central and 
state priorities for capacitors and reactors. Some of the marquee orders are Railways, Datacenter, 
and industries such as a couple of orders for traction transformers from Indian railways and Private 
rail equipment manufacturer.  All in all, this quarter has been one of the biggest quarters in terms 
of the order inflows for our company and orders came from transmission sector, Industry and Rail-
ways, Metro and Infrastructure in that. 
Moving to the next slide, Slide #10. If you recall one of our key enablers for the growth and bottom 
line has been service and exports, let me touch on the service and exports. Exports was roughly 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5/14
 
23% of total Hitachi Energy in India’s orders in this quarter from markets such as Uganda, Saudi 
Arabia and Azerbaijan. We have a mid-term target to bring around 20-25% growth in order and 
revenue from exports market and we have comfortably stayed in this corridor for the last 3-4 quar-
ters now. This is also important for us as the on-going global supply chain constraints and the geo-
political issues are compelling global customers to look at alternative supply chain routes and part-
ners. In our view, India has the potential to make its mark as a resilient partner offering high-quality 
products to different market globally.  
Our service portfolio continued to deliver with 10% growth year-over-year. We see the scope to 
increase in certain markets. We are adding new customer names to our portfolio with service orders 
from PSTCL, Vardhman, ST Telemedia. And as small steps of leveraging synergies with Hitachi 
Group, we booked the first order for Modular Switchgear Monitoring from Hitachi Japan and for 
servicing the group company’s GIS switchgear as well.  
Moving to the next slide, Slide #11. Financial performance. Our long-term strategy, put in place to 
combat the global headwinds will take us through the uncertain market conditions. Even amidst 
the ongoing tribulations, we have delivered a sustained performance. The company booked orders 
worth INR 3,054.6 crore, up 309.7 percent YoY.  Revenues rose 24.4 percent YoY reaching INR 
991.3 crore for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Supported by world-class project management, 
the company commissioned several substation and switchyard projects for utilities, industries and 
infrastructure sectors.  
In the quarter, profit before tax was at INR 2.1 crore, profit after tax at INR 1.3 crore, while Opera-
tional EBITA stood at INR 15.3 crore. The quarter witnessed rising cost of commodities and supply 
chain bottlenecks, creating a drag on margins. Various measures are being adopted to reduce the 
impact, with a special focus on semi-conductors.  On the order backlog, we have a healthy pipeline 
that provides around 20 months of revenue visibility. During the quarter, we received the large 
HVDC order that has further strengthened our order book which stands at INR 6777 cr. This helps 
us plan for the future and prepare accordingly.  
Moving to my last slide, Slide #12, priorities for the financial year '22, '23. COVID still remains a 
matter of concern, and we are determined to ensure that we continue supporting the healthcare 
infrastructure for our employees and their family and the community. We continue to cover tried 
and tested 3-pronged strategy that is protecting our people, preserving business continuity and 
preparing for the new normal. 
We will focus on high-growth segments. In addition to our traditional segment as we have been 
talking about high growth segments, where we have a very good value proportion to offer to our 
customers yielding a very good result. We continue to focus on that, building a sustainable opera-
tion to tide us through the short-term supply side challenges. 
We tried to capture a large share of the market with our localized portfolio, developing business 
competencies and new business models, so we need partnerships. As you know, our strategy is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6/14
 
to grow higher with the market as we are taking several leading initiatives, and that is helping us 
to grow higher than the market continuously for the last several quarters. We will strengthen our 
leadership position to grow -- continue to grow fast in the market with a single focus on cash over 
revenue. 
We believe this is possible with our emphasis on growing the high-growth segments, namely Rail, 
Transmission, Renewables, Data Center, HVDC, Power Quality and Automation. We will continue 
leveraging our growth. So, digital solution, traditional service offering and portfolio and exports 
leveraging our local presence. As you know, today, we are manufacturing more than 80% of our 
globally manufactured portfolio, we manufactured locally here. 
We would like to leverage this local manufacturing not only for the domestic market but also the 
export markets. We have and will continue to invest in the planet, people, peace and partnerships 
with our commitment to making our operations carbon neutral and sustainable. That's the reason 
we have announced our carbon neutral strategy 2030, and we have also announced all the teams. 
The teams and the locations are working towards ensuring that we will meet our targets of carbon 
neutral in our own operation by 2030. 
We believe diversity and collaboration equals great innovation. And therefore, we promote peaceful 
and inclusive society for a sustainable development. In the whole of last year, we have added 30% 
more female employees in our company. And this is our commitment that Diversity 360 will defi-
nitely bring diversity and collaboration to leverage innovation with that. We will be working towards 
building a more sustainable and profitable company over a period of time. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to open the channel for your questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gen-
tlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from 
the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Congratulations on the order win. If you can just throw some more light like how much was the 
difference between us and the L2? 
Venu Nuguri: 
So, thank you, Renjith. As you know, this is a tender where we have submitted, and unlike in PTCL, 
it is not a public tender. So, we do not have the information of L2. So, what we believe is that we 
are - when we submitted our tender, we are both technically and the commercially competitive. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So, it's more of a negotiated tender or what? 
Venu Nuguri: 
No, it's not negotiated. It's like international competitive bid where we have submitted our bid and 
then they have announced that we are the successful bidder. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7/14
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And sir, how much is the value of this Adani order because I think you haven't mentioned 
that. 
Venu Nuguri: 
As you know, as part of a request from our customers, so we don't share the exact value as the 
details were not shared publicly. But any of the HVDC projects are very large projects and runs 
into several years. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So, what's the timeline for this? When will it commence? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Commencement has started and we have to complete in 38 months. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
28 months from this August 1 or this month? 
Venu Nuguri: 
No. 38 months. We just booked during the last quarter, so 38 months from June 2022. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
From June. Okay. Sure. And sir, just if I can ask, why the margins were a bit lower this quarter. Is 
it only to do with commodity prices? Or you feel the competitiveness has been higher? Or it’s 
something to do with the product? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Renjith, I think there are multiple reasons in this quarter, that is the quarter that has gone, which is 
basically I would put it in a 4,  bucket. One is that the revenue of product mix. The second one, as 
I talked about semiconductor shortages. As you know, we use a lot of semiconductors in grid au-
tomation and also in the HVDC product lines. And the third one is supply chain disruptions leading 
to increasing freight and logistics costs and also sometimes non-availability, etc. And the fourth 
one is exchange and commodity price fluctuations in that. So, these are the primary 4 reasons due 
to which the margins got lower. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, I believe the next large order that the industry will have its eye on is Power Grid’s Leh trans-
mission. So, any update on that by when can we expect the ordering? What would be size? And 
also do we intend to participate in the storage element of that order as well? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Yes. Thank you for your question, Apoorva. And yes, Leh-Kaithal is a very key project. And as you 
know, HVDC, Hitachi Energy is pioneering this technology. More than 50% of our installed base, 
including the new projects around the world, including India, runs through our technologies. So, we 
are very keen. We have been working with our customers on this. And we believe that the tender 
would come shortly. We will not be in a position to tell exactly when as we don't have any infor-
mation, but you know that, that is the next HVDC project being awarded. 
As you recall, some time back, we were saying with so much of renewable coming in, so much of 
energy transition, our forecast has been that every year, one HVDC tender will come up for bidding 
in this country for at least next 3 to 4 years. So, we have been great there. We're doing a lot of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8/14
 
localization of our equipment. For your information for HVDC Mumbai projects, almost 80% of that 
particular project will be manufactured in India locally. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, on the storage component for the Leh project as well, do we have the technology tie up for it? 
Venu Nuguri: 
yes, we do have right now. We do the storage as a battery energy storage, we do that. However, 
our customers want for plan for the HVDC first and later they will look at the storage. But in any 
case, we have the technology. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Amit Mahawar from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Congratulations for the large project win. Sir, the first question is basically on, in this quarter, how 
much is the Forex risk we have? And if you can comment on also the royalty and technology fees. 
Generally, is it higher than the last year average as a percentage of sales? So, some color on that. 
And generally, on profitability metrics because Q1 was a very sharp impact, and this is despite 
your gross margins, which are relatively stable. It seems the overheads are basically on multiple 
points impacting the profitability. So, if you can comment on the profitability and the details. 
Venu Nuguri: 
Thank you, Amit. I’ll ask our CFO, Ajay, to answer part of it, then I'll come back and comment on 
the profitability. 
Ajay Singh: 
Thank you. Thank you for the question. The first part, if I understand correctly was more on the 
profitability side and the royalty fee side. So, let me first answer the royalty part. So, royalty fees is 
we are hovering around the 4%. So, it is the same level. So, we do not see any increase compared 
to the earlier part. That is one. Coming to the Forex for this particular quarter, yes, we have been 
impacted by exchange and commodity price fluctuation and that is basically, if I talk about roughly, 
Rs. 13 crore is the total value that I can attribute for this particular impact for this particular quarter. 
Venu Nuguri: 
So, just to add to our CFO, royalty fees is extremely important because we are a global company. 
The whole energy landscape is changing so much and all of our portfolio needs to be updated. 
And on top of that, we need to bring a new portfolio in that. So, it's extremely important that this is 
like our investment for getting the new technology, new products, new offerings, et cetera, in this 
changing landscape of the energy transmission in that. That's super important. 
As I commented, basically the whole ecosystem is impacted with the supply chain constraint. The 
supply chain constraint includes new semiconductor issues. If you take the semiconductor issues, 
and how it is impacting the world? Initially, the prices were higher. Then the delivery issues came 
out. Today, it is about the availability. So, from high prices, non-availability of not committing the 
deliveries to non-availability of semiconductors. 
So, you’ve seen my slide also, how the global semiconductor industry is facing that. So, that is the 
reality. So far, we were able to manage from our safety stocks. But while the safety stocks were 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9/14
 
there, we have exhausted those safety stocks and the inflows were actually reducing. So, we have 
several actions in place to mitigate this particular challenge being faced here. 
So, while we are also engaged with CXO level of these companies. At the global level, we're also 
working with our other companies to have sharing of those things. And we are also redesigning 
some of our products where the availability of semiconductor is easier or better in there. So, all 
these actions could not happen overnight for sure. It would take some time. And those are the 
actions, at least from a company standpoint, we are there. 
Amit Mahawar: 
And second and last question is on basically, do you think high-speed rail ordering now that EPC 
is largely going to be over in the next couple of months, one can assume that high-speed rail 
equipment ordering for you will happen in the next 12 to 14 months? And also on the upcoming 
tenders for Vande Bharat and other railway tenders, generally, your assessment of the offerings, 
2, 3 large equipment specs that Hitachi will benefit from? 
Venu Nuguri: 
So, as we have been talking about, we talked about HVDC, we have booked HVDC in the last 
quarter. So, similarly, the high-speed rail, which is funded by the Japanese government is definitely 
in our radar, it’s our targeted opportunity, and we have been working on that. And our estimate or 
at least our assessment is that the tendering will go last quarter of this financial year. 
So, that is very, very clearly in our radar and we are working because we have a lot of our portfolio, 
which is locally manufactured can go into this particular segment in that. So, similarly, there are 
many other rail projects, for example, Train 18 is the one such megaproject, Vande Maatram trains. 
All these things, we are working very closely with train, the manufacturers, and we have a huge 
portfolio which go into that. As and when it comes to that, we will inform you, but this is the most 
targeted segment for us as a company. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Varun Basrur from Julius Baer Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Varun Basrur: 
So, my question is just a continuation of what the previous participant asked. On the other ex-
penses, was the ForEx impact Rs. 30 crore? 
Venu Nuguri: 
It's Rs. 13 crore. 
Varun Basrur: 
Rs. 13 crore. And if you can just sort of if you could -- are there any other unusual or one-off 
expenses, which you can quantify in the current quarter? 
Venu Nuguri: 
No. I think just to add here, we don't have any other one-off things. I talked about basically the 4 
things, relevant to our product mix, semiconductor shortage and supply chain disruptions, which 
has also increased our feed and logistic costs. And finally, the exchange and commodity price 
fluctuation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10/14
 
Varun Basrur: 
And sir, regarding our order book, what percentage of our contracts allow us to pass through any 
cost escalations that we encounter? 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for patiently holding. We now have the lines of the management 
reconnected. Over to you, sir. 
Venu Nuguri: 
Sorry, Mr. Varun, please go ahead and ask. The line got disconnected. 
Varun: 
Yes, sure, sir. So, my question was what percentage of our contracts allow us to pass through cost 
escalations? And one more question, if I may is, how would our EBITDA margins look in this finan-
cial year? 
Venu Nuguri: 
So, let me answer you the first one. See, over 65% of our portfolio has escalation clause. But you 
need to understand that there is a traditional escalation clause either through provisions or formu-
las or something else. But what we are facing right now is unprecedented. For example, we have 
a freight cost. Those kind of costs are not covered in that, which is unusually very high. For exam-
ple, our overseas freight is huge. It's not a percentage of increase, but it is in terms of X. So, those 
kind of things are very, very difficult to quantify and do that. 
So, that's the one and we will not be giving you any guidance on the EBITDA margin for the quarter. 
What I can say is that I can give you a little bit of color to you that we have been consistently saying 
that now we have a clear strategy to grow in the market. That growth, as you have already seen, 
we have a huge order backlog, Rs. 6,770 crore with the fixed cost of our thing when the revenue 
comes, then naturally, you will have a margin accretion over a period of time. And then we also 
have a strategy on the exports. We have a strategy on our service offering, digital offering. All this 
would get us into a double-digit EBITDA margin by end of 2025 financial year. So, last year, you 
see they are very close to 9% of EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
very Good Afternoon, My compliments to the team for securing a very good traction on the order 
inflow. Now given the fact that we are living in turbulent times, higher orders also bring with them 
some risks as we have seen this quarter's profitability. So, I request the management to give us a 
flavor of what kind of profitability matrix can be expected? And what kind of escalation clauses that 
have been put so that this continuing volatility in the exchange rates, in the supply disruptions, et 
cetera, do not cause further impact on the profitability. 
Venu Nuguri: 
As you know, as our strategy not this quarter, but last several quarters, we have taken a strategy 
that we do not accept any projects which has no escalation clause, or any order which does not 
have an escalation clause, or any order which go into a long gestation period do not have an 
escalation clause. So, with that, all the orders whatever we are securing, we have a clearly the 
escalation process building and also there are several force-majeure clauses also we have kept 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11/14
 
as part of some of the orders, semiconductors non-availability also in some contracts we have 
brought in as part of the force majeure, which is a unique way to protect our margins and our 
contracts also in that. So, as a company, we have seen this coming in. It's not that it's supply. Only 
in the last quarter the impact is a surprise but otherwise, we know these challenges, and we were 
taking all the actions to face those challenges in there. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
So, see, now some of the customers, they are like very highly leveraged. And what kind of debtor 
cycles that we have on these contracts, meaning the payment terms that we have a read on that, 
meaning are we taking any risk on that? 
Venu Nuguri: 
No, sorry, you were not clear. Can you repeat once again Manish? 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Sir, the payment ability of the customers it's also a risk. So, given the fact that the leverage, the 
position of some of the customers is like very high, so how are our payment terms covering those 
kinds of challenges that may happen? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Right, as you know, this is always a risk here. And that's the reason we also have a clear strategy 
that, we also negotiate the payment terms, which is like, for example, we'll have a large contract, 
large orders do have a good level of advance payment and the rest of the thing is covered so that 
they confirm your credits with that. So, we have been doing this. And so far, we have been flexible. 
There could be some percentage of portfolio order book may have a direct credit, but by and large, 
most of our orders come in with clear and committed payment terms and payment security. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Mithani from Jupiter. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mithani: 
Sir, my question is with continuation of the previous participant. So, listening to your comments, is 
it fair to say that we have fairly learned about in this quarter. So, a lot of things will be taken care 
going forward from here, in terms of escalation clauses, commodity pricing, other things? 
Venu Nuguri: 
What I was telling, Viraj, is that certain things, even though we have learned, for example, semi-
conductors we have learned, it's not possible for us to overcome that challenge if the supplies are 
not coming in, right? So, while we are taking a lot of action to redesign the things, that will take 
time. That will not happen overnight in that. So, when it comes to the semiconductors, you have 
also probably seen this. The best estimate is that it will definitely improve, but to normalize it any-
where, it’ll go into the 2023 or so in that. It will improve from quarter-to-quarter, but really to nor-
malize to the level where we used to see, and that is not going to be before the year 2023. 
And still in the case, what we have done in escalation clause, traditional escalation clauses have 
been built in that, for example, the copper, the oil in the transformer, and steel seen in that. But the 
escalation when it comes to the freight cost, when it comes to our overseas because we do a lot 
of exports now, as a strategy, we have built in exports, right? So, those things will take more time 
to stabilize. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12/14
 
Viraj Mithani: 
Sir, my like is the orders which you received are margin accretive or we have been sacrificing some 
margin to penetrate the market? Like, if you can give some sense on that. 
Venu Nuguri: 
As you know, in the case of HVDC, we are a pioneer in that technology, right? We never take any 
order to sacrifice our margin to get an order. We don't want to book an order for the sake of booking 
order. 
So, for us, every project, we always look at risk-reward portfolio. What is the risk and what is the 
reward it will give? And once it fits into our strategy, then only we for in that. So, that is our clear 
strategy we have and we adopt for every project we look at, including this one. 
Viraj Mithani: 
And sir, my last question is we supply to the government utilities. So, do we take into account the 
better cycle? Sometimes government, state unit in particular take long time you pay. So, do we 
take precautions when we provide to them, whatever service or products we provide to them? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Viraj, can you please repeat if you don’t mind because the line is not very good. 
Viraj Mithani: 
We supply to a lot of utility companies, the power companies, which is probably the central gov-
ernment, state government. So, when we supply to them or offer services to them, do we take care 
of the things that the payment terms are very clear so that our payment don't get postponed, which 
is a case with the government? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Absolutely. The moment we see any risk, we don't even go for that particular project at all. In some 
electricity boards, where we see a huge amount of delay, then we will always take a decision on 
that. But most of our contracts, which are with the central utilities like PGCIL or Indian Railways, 
like CLW, DLW, where we see our payments are fairly accurate as per the payment schedule. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Max Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, my question was pertaining to Europe and to exports mainly. We had set a target of 25% 
exports of revenue in a few years. So, where are we on that? By when do you plan to achieve it? 
And the other is, are we seeing any near-term traction on exports because of the chaos that we 
are seeing in Europe because of the energy crisis and other aspects? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Yes. I think when it comes to the exports, I think we ourselves set a midterm target of between 
20% to 25%. And last year, we were in the range of 23% of our revenue and our orders came from 
exports last year. And this quarter also I was telling you that we reached exports 23%. So, we have 
a 3-pronged strategy on exports. One is the direct. Here, we export some of the products. We have 
a global feeder factory, some of the factories we have a global factory like our circuit braker and 
Combiflex, they go everywhere around the world. And then second strategy is that we also have a 
global fleet of factories where we will sell the components to some of our global factories. And the 
third one is we do the direct sales to customers like in Africa or in the Middle East and also in South 
America, etc. And we have a very clear strategy to bring it to 25%. And we believe that we already 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13/14
 
reached a mid-corridor of our thing, even though we kept 3-year target, but we have reached and 
continue to grow on this strategy. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Have you seen any near-term delta in exports or inquiries from Europe or from the feeder factories 
because of the chaos in Europe where the production has been affected? 
Venu Nuguri: 
Yes, there is. I don't want to say there is chaos, but we are going as per our strategy. We have a 
very clear strategy to bring some of the products to the local manufacturing. And that's the reason 
we have been expanding. We have been also telling that we have a clear Capex to support the 
exports. We have inaugurated one factory last quarter, and then we also have several factories 
lined up as part of that thing. In one of our conference calls, we have also told what are the factories 
we are investing and expanding in or coming up with the new greenfield projects as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal: 
Sir, when I look at some of your end markets like data centers, railways, renewables, they all are 
quite high growth markets. So, I just wanted to get your view on what can be the medium-term or 
long-term growth number that one should work with in each of the sectors like utilities, industries 
and transportation, as you classify it. Is it right to assume that all of these are mid-teens kind of a 
growth sector? Would like your views on this thing, sir? 
Venu Nuguri: 
So, Kunal, thank you for your question. If you really look at the Indian power sector is really going 
for a huge transformation, right? The growth in the energy or power demand is phenomenal, right? 
We probably reached the 210 gigawatt. A lot of renewables is coming in, and it needs a lot of 
technology support to the grid and the rest of the industry associated with that. So, our growth 
spectrum is definitely the transmission and the renewable, right? So, this will be our higher growth. 
And I say everything will grow, but these are the growth, they grow up higher than the normal 
market average in that. 
So, transmission, for example, HVDC is one example in that. Previously we get, one HVDC project 
for 3 to 4 years. Now we expect at least every year one HVDC project or every 1.5 year, one HVDC 
project. So, that is the kind of developments that are taking place, and that's the reason we are 
also localizing a lot of equipment which we used to bring it from our overseas companies. 
So, we are manufacturing everything here, in fact. So, that's one aspect of it. And the second thing 
is we see the industrial CapEx -- we have seen industrial CapEx, a lot of industrial CapEx we have 
already announced it. Maybe due to the current macro situation, there could be some delay in 
decision-making, but we are seeing our pipeline is very robust at this point. Our pipeline in terms 
of transmission, in terms of the renewable, in terms of industry CapEx, whether it is steel and 
cement and aluminum, they are really going for expansion and also the data centers. So, they are 
the high-growth segments, they are growing higher than the market average, and we have a clear 
strategy to grow above the market. And that's the reason we have seen our orders in the last 
quarters reflecting our strategy. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14/14
 
Kunal: 
Just a quick follow-up on that one, sir. You mentioned about localization. So, currently, what would 
be the level of localization across the company? 
Venu Nuguri: 
I would call as it depends again product to product, things like that. What I was saying is that 
whatever we are manufacturing, we are manufacturing 100% of our portfolio, 80% of that we are 
manufacturing locally. So, that means everything is available locally in line with Make in India, 
bringing the new technology. Last quarter, we announced opening of a new factory, which is a 
resin cast, resin integrated polymer bushing, which is the first time 400kv transformers that kind of 
machines what we manufacture here. This is a very high technology intensive products, we got it 
cleared and we are manufacturing it here itself. But this is just to give you a flavor of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was our last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. N. Venu for his closing comments. 
Venu Nuguri: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for taking your time on attending to our call and 
appreciate very much. Due to lack of time, I think we could not answer any more questions, but 
please reach out to us any time, and we are happy to answer your questions, if any. So, meanwhile, 
please take care of yourself, your families and your colleagues and stay safe and stay strong. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
