   
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: Tower 3, 1st Floor, 
East Wing, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.India 
 T: +91 22 6167 8499   F: +91 22 6167 8383 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
Date: July 28, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 70/2022-23 
Our Reference: 70/2022-23 
 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Call) 
  
With reference to our earlier intimation regarding the Earnings Call on the Unaudited financial 
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 held on July 25, 2022 kindly find enclosed the 
transcript of the same. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
Pragya Kaul 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. RENU BAID - IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHANTANU KHOSLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
CROMPTON 
GREAVES 
CONSUMER 
ELECTRICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. MATTHEW JOB – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
- 
CROMPTON 
GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
MR. YESHWANT REGE – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY 
AND FINANCIAL PLANNING - CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited, Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Renu Baid from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Madame! 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you, Aman. Very good morning, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I would like 
to welcome the management of Crompton Consumers for the 1Q FY2023 earnings 
conference call. 
Today, from the management we have with us Mr. Shantanu Khosla, Managing Director; Mr. 
Mathew Job, Executive Director and CEO; and Mr. Yeshwant Rege, Vice President Strategy 
and Financial Planning. 
Without taking much time, I will now hand over the call to Shantanu for his opening 
comments. This also is the first quarter where the entire results of Butterfly are consolidated 
with the financials of Crompton. Over to you, Shantanu! Thank you. 
Shantanu Khosla:          Thank you, Renu and thank you everyone for dialing in for our quarter call. Firstly, of course, 
on health and safety, all our employees are safe and sound. I am pleased to report, we have 
essentially vaccinated all our employees and have initiated booster camps at all our plants 
and offices. We have conducted supporting sessions focusing on mental health and well-being 
with the aim of cultivating a positive work environment. So, our focus on first and foremost 
making sure in the challenging times that our employees and their families plus other 
stakeholder stay safe and health continues. 
 
Our consolidated revenue for the quarter was Rs.1,863 Crores, registering a growth of 77% 
year-on-year. EBITDA on a consolidated basis grew 76% at Rs.220 Crores. Standalone 
revenue for the quarter was Rs.1,608 Crores, registering a growth of Rs.54 Crores, EBITDA 
was Rs.194 Crores, which was a growth of 58% year-on-year. 
 
Of course, it is important to note as you are all aware that the previous-year base period was 
a COVID period and therefore was a low base period. 
Today, I would like to start with updating you briefly on the Butterfly acquisition. In the last 
quarter, we completed the open offer process of the acquisition of 26% stake taking our total 
shareholding to 81%. The tendering period for the open offer commenced on May 23 and 
concluded on June 03. The new management has fully taken over and the business is 
transitioning smoothly. Synergies identified as part of the integration plan are under 
implementation and obviously something which we review regularly through our PMO, and 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 3 of 17 
the initial results are encouraging. Going forward, the focus would be to further expand the 
business into non-south markets as it will be a key value creator for which we plan to initiate 
the work as we move forward. The overall performance of Butterfly was encouraging in the 
first quarter and quite strong. As communicated by the Butterfly management, Q1 witnessed 
strong growth across all categories and channels as well as the rebound in profitability. 
Business clocked a value of Rs.253 Crores, which was a growth of 86% versus a year ago, 
recording all-time high sales for the first quarter. 
EBITDA stood at Rs.26 Crores, which grew 3.5 times and EBITDA margin was 10.2% versus 
5.3% versus year ago. The management believes that the growth in revenue and margins is 
being witnessed on lines that we had forecast and expected, and we do see this level of margin 
as a going level which is sustainable. 
The second key event over the quarter was obviously the entry of Crompton into an entirely 
new segment. Working towards our long-term strategic goal, we entered the built-in kitchen 
appliances segment with a comprehensive range of chimneys, built-in ovens, built-in 
microwaves, and dishwashers. The kitchen segment has always been an area of focus for the 
company. The entry into the built-in appliance segment will further consolidate our position 
in the kitchen space in addition to driving growth in premiumization of the brand. 
We undertook extensive consumer research to identify unmet and underserved requirements 
of the consumer, and that was the starting point of the design of all our propositions. Based 
on these insights, we believe we are launching a truly differentiated product range, which will 
be of high relevance to the consumer. We have already set-up 17 premium exclusive brand 
outlets called Crompton Signature Studios till date and have a robust marketing plan and have 
established a strong after-sales network to ensure end-to-end superior experience for the 
buyers. Built-in kitchen segment is Rs.2,200 Crores approximately, which is growing at 10%. 
Our objective is to become a top three player in this segment in the coming three years. With 
the acquisition of Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances and entry into this built-in segment, we 
are significantly upping our play in the strategically important and high potential kitchen 
space. 
Moving on to the CGCEL business, in terms of revenue, the growth momentum of March 
2022 continued in quarter 1 with strong growth across segments and channels. Revenue for 
the quarter was up 54% versus last year. ECD grew 52%, net of pumps ECD grew 60%. Our 
pumps business continues to face some challenges, especially given the pricing that we have 
been taking to compensate for the inflation. Appliances exhibited industry-leading growth of 
98%. The growth momentum was across categories, especially air coolers. If you recall this 
is the first summer we had after two summers being wiped out due to COVID and we have 
now put in our delayed program on air coolers into the market, similar to what we have done 
on geysers a few years ago. And in this first season, it has responded extremely strongly with 
air coolers demonstrating a volume growth of 209% and the value growth of 218%. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 4 of 17 
Lighting revenue grew by 61%. The growth momentum continues in B2C LED business, 
which grew at 82% driven by battens and panels. On battens, the volume growth was 90% 
and the volume growth, 80%. Panels and downlighters volume grew 64% and value at 96%. 
B2B business grew by 48% as the businesses were actually recovering and picking up. On a 
rolling 12-month basis, we continue to improve our market share and have improved in fans 
by 2 percentage points. Over the last two years, Crompton is the only company to have gained 
market share quarter-on-quarter both in premium category and overall fans category. Just to 
repeat and remind everyone, when we report market share, we report market share based on 
third-party retail audit data. 
Moving on to profitability. After an unprecedented increase in Q4, the commodity prices 
started cooling off from the latter half of May. However, we expect the main benefit of this 
to begin to flow-in in Q2 due to the existing inventory levels, which were already with 
commodities purchased at higher prices. We have been focusing our efforts as we always 
have on quarter-on-quarter in improving margins through accelerated cost savings, through 
Unnati program, premiumization and pricing actions. The structural margin actually 
improved by about 100 basis points, EBITDA versus year ago. EBITDA margins came in at 
strong 12% despite aggressively continuing our investments. For example, we doubled our 
ad spends this quarter to Rs.40 Crores. Additionally, we committed cost towards the initial 
successful launch of our built-in kitchen appliances segment. 
We continue to invest in people and process capability in our innovation team and 
strengthening investments in our alternative channels. During the quarter, we also completed 
the open offer process for Butterfly Gandhimathi and associated costs pertaining to the 
process have also been accounted for. Exit margin coming out of the quarter was back at FY 
2022 levels and we expect to sustain this as commodities gradually ease moving forward. We 
continue our focus on our key strategic investments. We doubled our ads spends in 
advertising where we executed several campaigns, TV ads, etc. In Q1, we incurred an all-
time high Rs.45 Crores of A&P expenses. 
On working capital, we invested and maintained high levels of working capital to the tune of 
Rs.112 Crores on account of business seasonality and as we have talked before, advances for 
securing materials at favorable rates. We do expect this working capital to return to normal 
levels in Q2. Our cash position stands at Rs.605 Crores for the period ended June 30. Rs.673 
Crores was utilized for the open offer process NCD payment of Rs.150 Crores and repayment 
of short-term borrowings of Rs.125 Crores. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and our 
ratios continue to be healthy. 
As mentioned earlier, we are continuing sustainably and consistently to invest in our key 
strategic choices. On brand excellence, we have made consistent efforts to reach closer to 
consumers through our wide-ranging activities across various touch points with the aim to 
strengthen the brand awareness and conversion. Given the importance of the digital platform, 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 5 of 17 
our structured digital strategy is helping us to drive more and more traffic and discoverability 
of our brands. 
In Q1, we executed a strong campaign on SilentPro fans and air coolers with the aim of 
ensuring presence across different high-impact mediums in order to drive an integrated 
marketing campaign. Also, we collaborated with well-known influencers on YouTube to 
communicate the product benefits. In one of its kind, we set up the Crompton cooling pod 
operating #JaldiCooling to delivery agents with a thought of working towards meaningful 
innovations that provide comfort and convenience to our Crompton families. 
We continue to invest in developing products driven by consumer insights and future 
technology, ensuring superior quality and performance. Our continued investments in R&D 
have contributed to increasing our market share. We are constantly investing in process, 
people, and automated equipment to improve new product development. On go-to-market, 
our strong presence in alternate channels continues to pay dividends. Contribution of alternate 
channels to overall sales has increased to 12% versus 9% last year. Rural and L&I business 
exhibiting strong growth for consecutive quarters, a combined 166% growth versus year ago. 
Improving reach is another key focus area for the company and we continue to increase this 
across our categories. On a rolling 12-month basis, fans have improved its reach to stores by 
2%, LED panels by 2%, and water heaters by 3%. 
Of course, it is important to know that while there has been some pickup in industrial activity, 
the challenge of inflation and demand remains. We are seeing across the board that there is 
gradually a continuing impact of this inflation, and we need to watch it closely. Though 
commodity prices are beginning to ease-off, we judge that it will take some time before this 
actually translates into inflation easing off and getting a positive impact on demand. 
The government’s capex push will be a positive for the infrastructure and construction sector 
going ahead. Healthy growth in bank credit and improvement in capacity utilization levels 
also point towards gradual improvement in the overall investment scenario. As we move 
forward and as we see commodities begin to gradually ease, if they do that on a sustained 
basis, we will continue to evaluate and pass-on benefits of this commodity cost reduction to 
the consumer to ensure the demand recovers and stays robust. 
The Board of Directors in this meeting held on May 22, 2022 approved the quarterly results 
of the company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Total revenue for the quarter were 
Rs.1,608 Crores, consolidated Rs.1,863 Crores. ECD revenue stood at Rs.1,347 Crores, 
material margins stood at 30.7%, consolidated 31.4%. 
I would like to stop here and address any questions that you may have. Thank you. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Naval from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Naval: 
I have first question on built-in kitchen appliances. So, if you can share some target 
addressable market if I would have missed in your opening remarks? And second, in terms 
of distribution, if you can explain how distribution of sales happen for competition in this 
segment through EBOs, through online and through offline and what is our strategy in terms 
of next two to three years, how distribution could be different? So basically, I am trying to 
understand what is the right to win for Crompton over here in terms of product distribution 
and other aspects. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Let me take the first one. And I mentioned it in my opening remarks, currently the market 
size for chimneys and hobs is Rs.2,200 Crores. That is only for chimneys and hobs. This 
market is growing at 10% and our objective is to get to at least the number three position in 
this market within three years. 
On your second question, let me take one part first and then we will get to the distribution. 
The key differentiating factor and what we call our right to win is based on meaningful 
consumer differentiation. So, every one of our products has a meaningful consumer benefit 
which competition does not offer. So they are not off-the-shelf products, they have been 
designed based on work we have done in the consumer and in our R&D center and designed 
on those specs. For example, and this covers across all products. If we look at our built-in 
oven, built-in oven has got an air curtain in the front. So when you open the door and there is 
something hot and steaming, the steam does not come out and burn your hands, it is protected 
and held inside. Our stoves, for example, have a specific feature, which is an automatic cut-
off for safety. So these differentiations have all been tested to be consumer meaningful, in 
concept test, the data is significantly better than like-to-like competition and they have been 
designed into each and every one of our offerings. So that is right to win number one.  
Mathew Job: 
On go-to-market, obviously there is going to be a variety of channels. Obviously, the EBOs 
are experienced centers where we are able to showcase our full range of products that is 
obviously in each of the top entities, that is going to be critical part. But we also have, for 
example, other channels, one is the kitchen dealers, then there are retail chains and online. 
And we have a clear strategy for all these different channel types. So we expect that all the 
channel types that I mentioned - EBOs, kitchen dealers which also have been MBOs, which 
is multi-brand outlets and E-com, all will play a significant role as we scale-up. And we have 
differentiated strategy for each of these channels, which will allow us to reach our ambition 
of getting to the top three in the next three years. Like Shantanu mentioned, the combination 
that every one of our products offered a significant consumer differentiation versus 
competition and the fact that we have worked out a strong channel plan, we are very confident 
that the combination of these along with marketing campaigns and so on and so forth will 
help us get to the top three position in the next three years. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thanks for the elaborate opening remarks covering most of the areas including value, volume 
growth. I have got two questions. One, we have seen a sharp jump in the employee cost. I just 
want to understand what has really gone in over there. Second thing is, with respect to the 
new built-in kitchen appliances, even given our traditional business has a margin in the range 
of 13%, 14%, what is your expectation on profitability of this new business. These are the 
two questions. Thanks. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The first one is, there are certain, if you will, one-time non-recurring expenses which have 
come this quarter in the people cost. One of the costs is based on the fact that our variable 
payout is decided by the Board based on our performance versus competition. This tends to 
be done obviously after competition results come out and therefore in the end of June some 
time. So we have provided less than what the Board actually provided. So that is a one-time 
cost, which has come in. The second thing on people cost you just need to remember is in the 
COVID period, last year was a COVID period, we had delayed increments and we gave 
increments in July. This year, we went back obviously to our norm of giving them in April. 
So, if you want to look at a steady state what it would be for the rest of the year, a number of 
somewhere between Rs.100 Crores and Rs.105 Crores would be the run rate, which we would 
be operating on. 
The second question, which you had was margins, our expectations on margins on the new 
appliances business. We would expect gross margins to be in line with our other businesses 
and obviously in the initial years there would be some investments to build awareness trial 
and distribution, but as they settle down that could lead to EBITDA margins also in line with 
the rest of the business and not being dilutive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the pump segment. We have seen that the weakness in this 
market has been for pretty long time, and we are also facing these headwinds in terms of 
pricing gap versus the competition. So, if you can touch upon the outlook for the pumps 
market, how our market share has changed and any specific SKUs we plan to launch, so that 
we can compete with them maybe unorganized segment? That is my first question. Second is 
also on the lighting. You have talked about B2B, B2G remaining weak. So how is the outlook 
turning out to be there and what steps we are taking for the lighting overall revival in terms 
of the growth? And if you look at the profitability also taken a hit in this quarter if you can 
touch upon that also. Yes, those are my two questions. Thank you. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 8 of 17 
Mathew Job: 
On pump, you are right. I think there has been a longer than normal slowdown because even 
in the past, you would have seen that pumps, as a business always had a period of slowdown 
once in three years. But this time the difference obviously has been compounded by the fact 
that there has been significant price increase over the past period. I think if I look at the 
pumps, the prices have increased nearly 20% to 25% in the last 18 months or so. So that has 
been the strength and that is not just for Crompton, but for the entire industry. And if you 
look at the results that most of the pump players have been projecting, there has been 
slowdown for everyone, okay. That is one. You also know the government has recently 
increased the GST rate on pumps from 12% to 18%. So obviously that is going to put a little 
more stress in terms of prices going forward. Our way forward on this is, there are certain 
categories, very important categories after considerable market research, we have decided 
that certain portfolio actions will need to be taken in terms of; one, it could be in terms of 
pricing, but also in terms of introduction of some newer SKUs to be able to manage the price 
pressure in the market. So a combination of the actions, we feel that will allow us to get back 
on the growth path in pumps in the next few quarters, that is one. In lighting, B2B trade 
business has started to pick up. In the earlier year, we used to have significant contribution of 
ESL. We do not expect that to come back. Our way forward in terms of the lighting growth 
is one, obviously to get disproportionate growth from B2C. We have been taking a lot of 
actions in terms of driving or slightly modifying our lighting go-to-market and we are happy 
to say that in the last two quarters, maybe our reach numbers have started to look up again, 
that was not the case for almost two years before that. So we see that in the short-term, in the 
next couple of quarters that will start translating into market share gain also on lighting. In 
terms of margins, I think the lighting structural margins are fairly intact. In quarter one, you 
would have seen the lighting EBIT itself has come down a little bit, because of stepped-up 
advertisement. We nearly spent 1 percentage point incrementally on advertising in the first 
quarter and there have been some provisions in terms of ECL provisions, primarily because 
of some slow down in payments from EESL and so on and so forth. So I am very confident 
that in terms of lighting structural margins, they are pretty much intact. Obviously, like I 
spoke for pumps, there is also in lighting, the GST rates have been increased from 12% to 
18%. So there is some new element which we have to balance, but going forward, I think 
B2C is going to be the growth engine at least for the next few quarters. Thereafter, we expect 
the B2B demand to revise based on what Shantanu has mentioned in terms of government 
infrastructure and capex investments in highways and so on and so forth, but we think that at 
least in the near term, lighting growth will be driven by B2C and there our margins are strong.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from IIFL AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayur Patel: 
Most of the questions have been answered, but just, is it fair to assume margin outlook from 
here looks relatively more benign given the 20%, 25% correction in most of the commodities 
which we have seen? And after that, if you can comment on the volume side, till-date for the 
industry, the price hikes have been driving the revenue growth despite flattish to negative 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 9 of 17 
volumes in most of the categories. What is the volume trajectory looking like currently and 
how do you see that panning out with some commodity correction, is it more elastic on 
volumes? 
Mathew Job: 
Even if I look within the quarter, within quarter Q1, the margins have improved. In fact, in 
March, where we were in March and where we have been in June, I think the structural 
margins have improved month-on-month. So obviously some of the benefit of commodities 
started to ease-off, have started to come in maybe towards the later part of the quarter. Of 
course, now we have been making from assumptions in terms of how the commodity cost 
will fare going forward and the commodity cost do remain benign. Obviously, we think that 
we will also have passed part of that to the consumer, but we do believe that in such a case, 
the pressure on margins that have been there for some time should start to ease going forward. 
See, even in the quarter, let us look at if I look at the businesses that we have, barring pumps, 
okay, all the other have had even on three-year CAGR basis, I am not comparing with last 
year, because last year it was a COVID hit quarter. For example, fans, I mean if I look at the 
three-year CAGR was roughly 10%, half of which is volume and, I think volume growth is 
there in Fans. Most of the growth in both lighting and appliance have been volume-led. So 
the volume growth is extremely strong both on lighting and appliances. The only area where 
I feel volume growth has been impacted is on pump. And I already answered what we have 
planned to do to get that back on track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, my first question on the new category of kitchen appliances again, which we have recently 
entered, can you just highlight in terms of ramp-up probably city-wise which regions probably 
you will look to ramp-up and how gradual should we expect it to be. Will it be more back 
ended or we will start seeing some benefits coming from next one two quarters only. And 
second will be on the market share, if you can highlight in terms of where we are currently in 
terms of fans, air coolers and geysers.  
Mathew Job: 
On the new built in kitchen segment, currently, the plan is within the next couple of months 
to completely rollout into 10 city clusters, which is primarily all the key metros and areas 
around that. Our estimate of the potential is, 60% of the potential of the market which is 
Rs.2,200 Crores, 60% is in these 10 city clusters. We have already done seven out of this 10 
already in terms of getting into those areas, but the plan in year one, we just launched starting 
May. So by May, June next year, we will have a presence in the top 300 cities in the country, 
which would pretty much cover more than 90% of all the potential that is there. Obviously, 
this is a journey, we are getting in, we are getting distribution, we are activating the marketing 
campaign, we are putting campaigns in places which will drive consumers to the stores. So 
obviously it is going to wrap-up over-time, but we are very confident based on the research 
we have done and the initial response we have received that we should be able to have a 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 10 of 17 
strong performance going forward. Obviously, this is not a one-time activity. This is the first 
set of products, we have go-to-market. There is wave 2, wave 3, all of which is going to build 
our market share going forward. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And in terms of the priority, we have a target of becoming the top three player in this 
segment. So just to understand, how do you look at in terms of achieving the market share 
target versus profitability. Will you prefer to have a slightly stronger push in market share at 
probably slightly below average margins or do you think margin focus will also be very high 
when you phase-in growth. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The focus is on making sure that the gross margins are at target level. Obviously, as we are 
launching this, we will continue to invest below gross margin, but we will not sacrifice gross 
margin because that needs to be at target levels. The investments in marketing, the 
investments in distribution will be as what is required. Once we get to a going level, as we 
hit our objective of becoming number three, then we will begin focusing on getting the 
EBITDA margins also to target levels, but not in this investment phase. 
Mathew Job: 
The way we have launched our product, we have priced competitively with respect to the 
leaders. Competitively does not mean, it is lower, but it is priced, in more cases on par, but 
remember that these are products which are having superior features versus the biggest 
competitors. So I think they are well priced and even at those prices, margins are at target 
level. So we see no reason to price them any lower and you would rather invest the margins 
that we are making to actually drive consumer traffic into our stores and so on and so forth. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, last question on this market share in fans and air coolers and geysers, if you can 
share. 
Mathew Job: 
Market share in fans is close to 28%, which is at all-time high. I think as Shantanu mentioned 
in his opening remarks, we are probably the only brand who have gained market share in 
every quarter in the last four years. So I think it has been all-time high. In fact, we have gained 
market share faster in the difficult period than everybody else. And on-air coolers, we do not 
have third-party data, because it is not measured by any third-party, but we are very confident 
on whatever information that we have that we have delivered industry-leading growth in air 
coolers in this season. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Keyur: 
Sir, question is growth for each of the categories, I think in the presentation also, you have 
highlighted that there is some slowdown at the end of June and similar commentary has been 
heard from many of the consumer facing companies. So any outlook on how the demand is 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 11 of 17 
shaping up for each of the segments like ECD or Butterfly kitchen appliances. So, if you can 
throw some light on outlook or a how the exit run rates were? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
See, one, as you look at the impact there was at the back end of June, it is obviously important 
to remember that in the base period, June had begun to come back to normal. In the base 
period, it was really April and May, which was for us at least and the industry is severely 
impacted. So obviously on a state index versus a year ago, there is a big difference as you 
come into June. The only other way to look at it is if you look at now a three-year CAGR, 
because we have to go back three years to get pre-COVID base and if you look at a three-
year CAGR on a consolidated basis, we are showing about a 10% to 11% growth and on a 
standalone basis about 7%-ish, 7% to 8% growth across it. So there is some impact which we 
are seeing in terms of demand slowdown as we move into this back, but it is a little difficult 
to read because of these base period impacts etc. Suffice to say, inflation is having an impact, 
I think especially on volumes and as I have mentioned before, this inflation has had an impact 
of volumes almost through the last three to four quarters at least. Now, hopefully as this 
inflation begins to settle down and commodity costs, hopefully if they begin to ease, then we 
fully intend to pass on some of those benefits back to the consumer to keep the volume 
demand coming back, but we have not yet seen a sharp uptick in volume demand once I 
ignore this base period. Personally, I think that is still a couple of quarters away because it 
takes some time for it to come back. So it is not getting worse. If anything, it is getting slightly 
better trend-wise, but is it the kind of volume growth, which we have traditionally had, not 
yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
One quick question on how we integrate Butterfly Gandhimathi. So where does the two 
brands overlap currently. Would the two companies be completely integrated in sourcing 
distribution channel. How will the related party transactions play-out and how will you use 
manufacturing facilities of Butterfly to produce some of the Crompton lines as well. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
As we have gone into Butterfly and as we have taken control of Butterfly, we have been very 
clear in the phases of our approach. You see, Butterfly was not a business in trouble. Butterfly 
was actually proceeding quite healthily. So our first objective in the first quarter has really 
been to ensure that we understand the business and we maintain the continuity of the business 
growth and the organization development. Based on the results of the first quarter, we do 
believe we have been successful with that. Now, as we are moving forward over the next few 
quarters, we are beginning to work the details of where are all the possible synergies, which 
address some of the areas which you mentioned. Once we are clear on that plan in detail, and 
we expect to do that over this coming quarter, we will then identify what is the right legal 
structure to support and enable this plan. We and the Boards of the two companies have not 
yet taken any decision on that matter. In the meantime, obviously, they are two independent 
public listed companies, with two independent Boards. So we continue to work certain related 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 12 of 17 
party transactions as per required on arm’s length basis as and when needed. So everything 
which you mentioned is possible and everything is under consideration. The good thing right 
now is actually there is not too much direct overlap. The only area actually from a product 
segment wise where there is overlap between the current Butterfly business and the current 
Crompton business is mixers. And in mixers, our Crompton business is quite small. All the 
other areas of gas stoves, pressure cookers, other kitchen appliances, there is no overlap. So 
we are not seeing any big risks or issues with overlap. We are continuing to identify clear 
opportunities. We have identified opportunities in purchase synergies, we have identified 
opportunities as we have moved on in various cost reduction. So we have initiated a program 
just like the Crompton Unnati program where we have already identified a reasonable amount 
of potential cost savings in Butterfly, all of which will lead to helping us; A, improve margin; 
B, even more importantly generate funds for investing behind further expansion and growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Bhinde from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Bhinde: 
Sir, I wanted to understand when you say that you want to be in the top three in the new 
category, what would be the market share number that you would like to give or in other 
ways, if you can tell us as to how much would be the share of revenue that this new category 
would make in the next three years? That is question one. And on the lighting part, when you 
said in Q1 that there is a recovery in the B2B and B2G segment, so if you have to compare 
this with the pre-COVID level, can you just give us a broad idea as to how much was the 
portion of lighting revenue that was coming from this segment in pre-COVID period and 
what would be the outlook like two quarters three quarters, four quarters, what is the visibility 
that we have for recovery to that extent in the segment. 
Mathew Job: 
If I look at for the kitchen appliances, in the built-in kitchen appliances I think top three would 
mean that market share of at least 10%. Shantanu mentioned this business is Rs.2,200 Crores 
is the market size growing 10%. So you can imagine, at 10% share on that will get us to top 
three in three years from now. That is one, I think in terms of your lighting question definitely 
I would say on B2B, especially the trade, which is non-government, I would say the demand 
is more or less back to the level which we had pre-COVID, but on the government side, 
because the ESL business is large part of the total B2B is government business and that has 
completely vanished. Though B2B as a whole I would think will come back to pre-COVID 
levels if everything stays okay maybe in another couple of quarters, but B2C has been strong 
even compared to pre-COVID period if I look at B2C LED alone, I mean there has been the 
volume growth and that is why I said most of the growth that we have had also been primarily 
volume-led. Yes, but of course going forward one needs to factor-in the fact that the GST 
increase has gone and so forth, how that plays out we will have to wait and watch. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 13 of 17 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Two questions, on Air Coolers, could you please help us understand what the scale of the 
business today and you mentioned growth, but last two years the base has been really low, so 
hard to understand how you scale that business. And on the built-in kitchen business, could 
you just repeat what is the kind of gross margin targets that you are working with on that 
business. Thanks. 
Mathew Job: 
So air cooler, if I look at the three-year period. Let us forget the last two seasons, which has 
been impacted by COVID, we have had a 45%, three-year CAGR. So the CAGR for air 
coolers versus the last normal season we had just three years ago was 45%. So I would think 
the air cooler numbers while looking 200% over last year is still a strong 45% CAGR over 
three years ago, that is pretty solid. In terms of kitchen built-in appliances as Shantanu 
mentioned, the gross margins will be on par with our best categories. So that is also pretty 
strong. We had nearly close to Rs.100 Crores of business. So 45% CAGR over three years 
ago. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Just two clarifications, one was on Butterfly. You have talked about adding new channel 
partners. Just wanted to ask or check whether it is all incremental or are we seeing a churn or 
replacement of existing dealers. Any more color on what the quantum of number of outlets 
is, where these products reached today. And if you could also share the salience of online 
channel in the quarter for revenue. And the second was a small clarification on the built-in 
kitchen side. You talked about EBOs. Any color you want to share on the target number of 
EBOs you want to have over the next three years and are these all franchisee-led or are these 
company-operated? Thank you. 
Mathew Job: 
In terms of the Butterfly, I think a lot of the growth in the previous years or maybe 18 months 
have come from e-commerce. I think Butterfly is over-indexed actually on e-commerce 
versus the industry average. So our position there is to keep our business on e-com, while we 
aggressively scale-up the retail business which is an area which has not grown so well in the 
past. If I look at quarter one, we have added almost 1,000 new outlets in terms of retailers 
and about 100 direct channel partners in Butterfly. So we do not see any significant churn 
impact. Like I mentioned we are trying to have a much better combination of sales growth 
coming from e-com versus general trade. So we actually think that the chances of any 
significant churn in general trade distribution is quite low and the numbers you see in Q1, 
100 direct channel partners and 1000 retailers coming in, I think is pretty strong. So, I do not 
see any issue there at all. In terms of your question on kitchen appliances, I think EBOs are 
going to be pretty big in the top 10 cities. Our target in the short term is roughly to have about 
40 to 50 EBOs in the next three months or so. And then in the next round of towns I think we 
have to see what kind of format these EBOs are going to take if they are going to be there. 
And all the EBOs we are putting together are all franchise-operated, nothing that the company 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 14 of 17 
does, but we are working in a way that they are sustainable in the short-term. So we are 
focusing our effort to make sure that they can survive on their own without need of company 
support and we are very confident. The way we are confident of economics, that will happen 
in a very short period of time, and we have also looked specifically for partners who have 
that mindset that does not have to be from day zero, so they are also willing to invest. And 
especially after they have seen the offering that we have on the table, we have a lot of people 
asking us for investing in EBO, but we are very confident that this will work well going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Couple of questions from my side, the sharp increase in the employee cost could you help us 
understand the reason behind it and if you just break between what is the incremental to the 
KMP versus the others and if you could help us understand the reason why the CFO left and 
why he did sold shares just before his resignation announcement came. These are my two 
questions. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
First, in terms of the employee cost, as I had mentioned earlier, the employee cost has two 
elements to it, which has sort of help put it in perspective. One is that there was the variable 
pay factor, which is decided by our Board, especially the factors related to our performance 
versus competition, which accounts for 50% weightage in the variable pay across the 
company on the company factor. That gets declared and decided after the year-end because 
it is done by the Board once we have published results of competition. There was a certain 
amount of under-provision on that i.e., basically the Board judged our performance to be 
better than what we had judged it ourselves. The second factor is that in the base period, due 
to COVID, we had given our annual increments in July. This year, obviously, we went back 
to our normal cycle and gave that in April. So if you want to look at what is a run rate for 
coming quarters, probably somewhere between Rs.100 Crores and Rs.105 Crores, would be 
the right run rate to take. That is the first question. 
Second, none of this was due to any incremental waiting, I will assure you to KMP. Our 
typical process is that invariably me for example, the Board typically gives and approves an 
increment, which is a few points below the company average increment. So we never rate 
this towards KMP I can assure you, because it is the employees who deserve the reward for 
their performance. 
Your last question, I can give you Sandeep’s telephone number and you can speak to him and 
ask him what he did, why for, right, because he is the right person to speak about that. 
Obviously, he has got back to his home company if you will, right. But beyond that is really 
nothing for me to comment on, but I am happy to give you Sandeep’s contact. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 15 of 17 
Mathew Job: 
The only other thing you mentioned on your ESOP, the share sale obviously the shares lapse 
if the person till leaves the company because that is where your claimant has options it is 
natural way, I think you all know that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Birmiwal from Credit Suisse. Please 
go ahead.  
Gaurav Birmiwal: 
Can you detail what kind of capex and working capital in your kitchen portfolio? 
Mathew Job: 
See, I mean because most of the investments as we mentioned in all these stores are privately 
owned franchise operators. So we do not see any significant capex that we will have to bring 
to play, because they are all done by franchises. At the moment, our business is on 100% 
sourced from outside, so at the moment no capex even on the back end at least in the 
foreseeable future. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
At some point in the future, when this business reaches a going stage, obviously at that point 
we will look at beginning to localize and make ourselves, the ones are the items that makes 
sense to work ourselves. But right now in this period, it is completely sourced, so there is no 
significant capital involvement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question is from the line of Aditya Ahluwalia from Invesco. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
. So assuming no pricing actions and the current commodity prices, are the margins back to 
4Q level or FY 2020 average levels already, assuming no price decline on anything? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
As I as well as Mathew mentioned, our exit margins this quarter were pretty much in line 
with going margins. So obviously, the margin has improved from March to April, April to 
May and May to June. So exit is in line with our going margin levels. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
You said the fans volume CAGR has been 5% over the past three years? 
Mathew Job: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
And do you think it is fair to assume a similar trajectory going forward given the penetration 
and given that you are already a very high market share? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
No, I think it is again a function of the combination of volume and value because, if you go 
back pre-COVID, most of the growth was volume-led. So as right now there is a combination, 
over this period, growth has been a combination of volume and value. So as we look forward, 
as inflation etc, all eases off and the macro situation is normalized, we once again expect like 
has traditionally been the case in fans, that all the growth will be volume-led. So we definitely 
expect a couple of point upticks in volume growth over-time moving forward. 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 16 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that would be our last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you, Madam! 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you, Aman. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I would like to thank the participants in the 
management for an interactive call. I will also now request Shantanu for any closing 
comments before we close this call. Thank you, and over to you, Sir! 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Thank you, Renu. Thank you everyone. As always, appreciate the fact that you took the time 
to join the call. Our objective is always to try and give you as much information and clarity 
as we can. As always, if due to time we have not been able to cover all the questions, please 
contact us, we are more than happy to spend as much time as you would like to discuss our 
business. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact Details: 
Investor Relations: 

                 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals 
Limited 
July 25, 2022 
Page 17 of 17 
crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in  
Registered Address: 
Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, 
Equinox Business Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400070 
Website: www.crompton.co.in  
CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
