Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Maro! Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 I 66938900 
I e. ho@controlprint.com 
I w. www.controlprint.com 
CIN. L22219MH1991 PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd Office) ' AHMEDABAD , BENGALURU ' CHANDIGARH , CHENNAI , COLOMBO , DELHI ' GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD • JAMSHEDPUR • KERALA • KOLKATA , NEPAL , PUNE 
Encl.: As stated 
~ 
Akshay Satasiya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
For Control Print Limited 
Yours sincerely, 
This is for your information and record. 
Further, 
the said Transcript will be made available on Company's website at 
www.controlprint.com 
With reference to above mentioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement, Regulation, 2015, 
read with para A of part A of 
Schedule Ill thereof, please find attached Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors 
I Shareholders of Control Print Limited (the Company) fixed through Asian Markets Securities 
Private Limited (AMS EC) held on Friday, July 22, 2022 at 1.00 p.m. on Q1 FY2023 of the 
Company. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E), 
Mumbai -400 051 
Symbol-CONTROLPR 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
P. J. Towers.Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code - 522295 
July 28, 2022 
• 
CONTReL 
PRINT.• 

Page 1 of 29 
 
 
“Control Print Limited Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 22, 2022 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. KARAN BHATELIA - ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHIVA KABRA - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL KHETTRY - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
of Control Print Limited hosted by Asian Market Securities Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. Actual results may differ from such expectations, projections etc., whether express 
or implied. Participants are requested to exercise caution while referring to such statements 
and remarks. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Karan Bhatelia from Asian Markets Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thanks Rutuja. A very warm afternoon and welcome all to the Control Print Limited Q1 
FY2023 earnings conference call hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. From the 
management side, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing Director and Mr. Rahul 
Khettry, CFO. I shall now hand over the call to Rahul for his opening remarks, post which 
we shall open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Rahul. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Thank you Karan. Welcome everyone to the Q1 FY2023 earnings conference call of Control 
Print. We appreciate you are taking out time from your busy schedule to attend the call. Hope 
you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing Director 
joins me on this call. The detailed presentation has already been put up on our website as well 
as the intimation to the stock exchanges. Let me give a brief analysis of the financials of Q1 
FY2022-2023. The manufacturing activities in Q1 maintained the upswing from Q4 of 
previous year and most of the industries continued their production to meet the higher 
demand. The increased production was clearly visible in the higher requirement for 
consumable, which is beneficial to the coding and marking industry. The last couple of years 
has been extraordinary depreciations and the strength of the company is tested and we can 
assure you that Control Print is geared up for any challenge. We are financially stable and 
robust and will continue to perform in spite of unforeseen challenges. 
 
This stability of Control Print has also been reapproved by credit rating agency CRISIL with 
A rating after considering the short- and medium-term impact of the COVID pandemic. Our 
investors can maintain their belief on the company’s management for an optimistic future. 
This quarter’s performance was normalized as the previous two Q1 were not by COVID. We 
delivered growth in revenue and margins and volume growth. These are encouraging signs 
as Q1 leads the way for the years and this momentum should continue in the coming quarter. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 29 
Revenue for the quarter witnessed year-on-year growth of 21.75%, the reason for growth in 
revenue was due to good traction in consumables as the industrial production increased 
though we believe it is still not at the optimum level and there is scope of improvement. The 
production of some of the industries was low due to raw material shortage, so there is still 
scope of growth in the overall production volumes. 
 
The growth margin improved due to better product mix huge to towards consumable. Profit 
before exceptional item increased 66% year-on-year and remains strong as 21.5%. EBITDA 
increased 50% year-on-year and improved to 27.2% and continues to remain above 24%. 
PAT increased by 34% year-on-year. The company maintained healthy margins with profit 
before exceptional items at 21.5% and EBITDA at 27.2% with scope of improvement due to 
higher revenues triggering economies of scales. Let me brief you on the performance of 
various divisions, products and business segment. Consumable had a good traction and the 
increased installed base will drive the business in the coming quarters. 
 
The company continues to penetrate competitive accounts in key sectors like building 
material, FMCG, pharma, dairy etc., to strengthen its market share. The company intends to 
expand in global footprints and has formed a holding company in Netherland to acquire 75% 
stake in mark prints dealing. The SCP division witnessed year-on-year growth of 30% as a 
production of the customers was increasing. The growth was mainly due to improved 
production of some of the industries where we have a strong hold like dairy, healthcare, steel 
and metals, food, FMCG, pipes, cable and wire, distillery, agro chemical and was also 
indulging to see growth in some of the upcoming sectors like pharma, paints, and wood. 
Product verticals of TIJ, TTO, Hi-Res continued to deliver strong numbers and these products 
are penetrating the market. 
 
We have dedicated managers and team to guide these verticals with focus on dairy, beverages, 
bakery, frozen foods, ready to eat, pharma, packaging, plywood, lubricant, carton coding. The 
new product continued to grow every quarter, which builds confidence on the potential of 
these products in the coming years. Laser business is growing steadily as product technology 
has been improved and new team is driving the business. This has yielded good dividend with 
positive response from customers and new opportunities is being captured. Service revenue 
has shown good numbers, which contributes towards profitability. 
 
Our strategy for separate verticals of key account and OEM business for focused approaches 
is giving us positive results and contributing towards growth. LCP business reported good 
growth for the quarter with revival income cement account and pan-India supplies in the sugar 
industry. With new government directives regarding marking and coding in agrochemicals 
and healthcare, plastic bags and waste management, we expect some good contribution to our 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 29 
business growth. Customer especially large business organizations are looking for coding and 
marking solution so as to avoid counterfeit of their product. We are offering some brief 
solution including availability of our in-house software development team to provide tailor-
made solutions as per our customer’s expectation. To intensify our reach to the customers, 
we have strengthened our inside sales team tele-calling the customers to generate good quality 
leads. This is helping the field sales force to improve their strike rate for order conversion. 
The company has strong cash flow and the trend is expected to continue. Fundamentally and 
inherently, the company remains strong and we are focused on our plan and strategy as we 
are confident of the growth potential to deliver positive results. The floor is now open for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have just couple of questions. The first is, what is 
the total import content in the raw material and to what extent you think that the current 
depreciation that impact your margin and the second question little more housekeeping, just 
wanted a breakup of the revenue for the quarter between printer sales, consumables etc and 
how many printers did you actually sell in the quarter, the CIJ and new lines of printers if you 
can throw some light on the same? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Start with import is generally between 25% to 30% sometimes now with the shortage of the 
electronic components and price increases that could vary by couple of percent, but generally 
it is in the range of 25% to 30% of our requirement though we still have a lot of import 
substitutes and we can procurement from India, so that time there are shortages and quality 
issue, so considering that we still maintain 25% on the import front. Regarding the breakup 
of the revenue for this quarter, if the printers were between 18% to 19%, the consumables 
was around 56% to 57%, the spares and service was around 22% to 23% and the balance was 
on the Mark division. The later part of your question was normally printers that we sold in 
the quarters, for this quarter we had a sale of 750 just a little above that, say about 750 printers 
for this quarter that we managed to sell. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Could you give us a breakup between your CIJ and the new lines of printers? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Generally, CIJ is still dominating sales, between 65% to 70%, the company breakup we do 
not put it up in public domain because it is not available for our competitors also. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Thanks and all the best. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatia from Honesty and Integrity 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
Thanks for providing the opportunity. If I compare FY2022 total numbers to assess FY2020 
numbers, sales of services has gone up significantly, 50% growth in sales in these two years 
that is outfacing our total revenue growth, so can you please explain what is happening here 
and why this services revenue they are growing up significantly? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Can you please tell me which year you are comparing? 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
I am talking about FY2020 numbers pre-COVID basically FY2020 represent most of the pre-
COVID sales right, so if the sale of services has seen in the annual report is Rs.22 Crores 
there versus in FY2022, it has increased to Rs.33.4 Crores, so nearly a 50% growth there in 
the matter of two years. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Some of it could be because of regrouping earlier some of our rental revenues were reflected 
probably in service and then with this Ind-AS coming in these auditors preferred to show it 
as part of revenues that is one of the reasons and the other is genuinely our installed base has 
increased, so the service revenue and sales have also gone up, so it is a mix of these two items. 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
Got it and secondly, similarly on the imported sales, if I see the sales of traded consumables 
that has also gone up in the same period FY2020 to FY2022 in two years’ timeframe, so can 
you help us understand the reasons for the same? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Volumes, as installed base is increasing, we have some of the specialized services, which we 
need to import and that could be the reason for that increase of trading as well as one of our 
printers TPO, some portion of it is also imported, so volumes of that increasing will also 
ready to traded items increasing, though we do a lot of activities in-house after the printers 
come in, so some of it does get reported as traded. The volumes if you are comparing to 2020, 
volumes have gone up by at least 30% if I can say. 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
This imported ink is used in which kind of printers? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Mostly in CIJ printers, but for specialized applications, some of our customers need high-
grade ink what they have special environments to work in let us say high temperature or a 
very low temperature, they need special bonding requirement or there could be UV print 
requirement, so there are very special requirements, for which the customer is willing to spend 
that extra money, which we need to sometime import. The volumes has not been too big, it is 
not feasible to attain manufacture in-house.  It is having a unique application. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 29 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
Lastly, if I broadly compare the total consumable sales of the company, there is more 
representative what is happening on the IIP front and what is the happening in the broader 
economy, so the GDP number and IIP barely back to pre-COVID level, but our sales in these 
two years have grown tremendously. Nearly, it has gone up nearly 30%-35% in these two 
years from FY2020, 2021 and then 2022, so is it to do more with the pricing because the 
inflationary environment or the volumes has also significantly gone up and if yes, then what 
could be the drivers of these higher volumes, because that is not getting reflected into the 
broader GDP numbers. 
Rahul Khettry: 
IIP has definitely increased from pre-COVID like we had mentioned in the previous calls also 
even during COVID time, our printer sales were always on a very high and in fact those years 
we maintained probably the highest printer sales, which we said it is encouraging because 
once the printer is sold, the consumable will follow as soon as the productions are normalized 
and that is what it will be probably see now, that is one of the reason is higher installed base 
compared to two years ago and also we have said that some of the industries which we 
believe, we have a strong hold still there is a gap and once that production increases, our 
volume should further go up, so we still hold that we still do not think that the production of 
our customers at an optimum. We still feel there is a 10% or 15% gap where the same printers 
can give us higher consumable, that is the field report we get from our sales team across pan 
India. Both of the growth are volume growth though we have gone for price increase because 
lot of our costing for us has also gone up because of the input prices, but that would mostly 
be in the range of 5% to 6%. It is a highly competitive environment and tough to get price 
increase from all customers though we keep trying, but many of our customers have generally 
given us price increase in that range, also some of it freight increase and stuff like that.  If I 
have to put the weightage, I would put most of it on volume increase and may be 10%-15% 
because of price in freight and other stuff. 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
Okay, got it and lastly on this acquisition that we are doing. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Once a couple of question, maybe you can come back to the queue because... 
Vaibhav Badjatia: 
Sure, I will come back. 
Rahul Khettry: 
The questions you started, will come up in somebody else. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Shankar from Trustline PMS. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 29 
Dipen Shankar: 
Good afternoon everyone and congratulations for good set of numbers. Firstly, I wanted to 
understand the sharp improvement in gross margins and EBITDA margins, understandably 
consumable share has gone up; are we seeing this quarterly run rate of printer volumes is 
similar or it has come down during the current quarter? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Basically, printers are at a similar level around 17% to 20% is generally every quarter 
percentage. This quarter is the reason for gross margin improvement and EBITDA 
improvement like we mentioned is that higher percentage of consumables have gone in, so in 
the previous couple of years, we have had consumers between 50% to 52%, which I said that 
that should improve and this quarter it has gone up to 56%-57%, so that is one of the major 
reasons for EBITDA and like you all know that the Mark Division is definitely going to be a 
little lower than it has been previously during the COVID wave, so I guess the coding and 
marking is the making up for the loss of Mark revenue, which we saw a very strong in the 
previous year. 
Dipen Shankar: 
Okay and is there any change in government regulation for any particular sectors, which can 
favorably increase this coding and marking consumption? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Shiva, you can answer that will be better. 
Shiva Kabra: 
It is very difficult to predict what the government will do and how much lobbying is resulted 
in by the affected industry, what the final outcome is, but in general, the government has 
increased the number of rules especially around pharmacy to ensure more traceability through 
the supply chain, so that is what we expect.  We might have seen there was someone wrote 
an article that came out I think is the top 300 medicines of the country. They will ask them 
the printer where will QR code (inaudible) 21.27 someone like our printers then need to print 
the supply chain, but of course that is what they are proposing, but it is not happened as yet, 
so they could be more rules and regulations coming in general regulations have increased 
over time, they have not decreased, in between there was also new legal metrology 
requirement which I believe was that they print the price for 100 grams and price for grams, 
something of that sort, so then if they had to do something like that especially the price 
fluctuates, then they have to use our printer on that product, so there are some things are there, 
but it is not 100% in pharm, so there is always a lot of talk about new, the government always 
proposals a lot of stuff, but then because each industry has its own in the reasons where it 
find it difficult to drop their own rationale to the government subject to thumb rule and in 
general I would say the amount of regulations probably separation, but it is definitely what 
increase on a pharmaceutical side. These things on the liquor side also, it has increased in the 
amount of printing as a result. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 29 
Dipen Shankar: 
If this regulation can become mandatory, are we foreseeing some of new printer sales also 
for the existing pharma companies or it is only the consumption, which will go up if this 
becomes mandatory? 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, for printing, wherever QR codes definitely has been increased more expensive so the 
people of probably the entire state of equipment lines I think, and if you see a lot of the high-
volume medicines actually are barely any printing on them, if you look at Crocin in something 
like that D’cold it only have actual things they prints, they are in fact coming from no coding 
to like only variable printing, so it is having a regulation is in force we should think about 
right now. I think eventually it will happen, but it can be now in the next six months or it will 
be five years from that, but I think the regulation should happen and some company will start 
preparing in advance, start equipment new lines in advance of that, so that they are prepared 
for the new regulations at the time they happen.  I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
As there is no response, we will move to the next question which is from the line of Nemish 
Shah from Emkay Investment Managers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nemish Shah: 
Thanks for this opportunity. I just wanted to know what is the current printer installed base? 
Rahul Khettry: 
The installed base of printer, we cross 15000 in the previous year and this time we have done 
about 750 odd printers in Q1, so we would definitely be more than 15500 after considering 
some of the last fiscals. 
Nemish Shah: 
Okay, got it and on a standard scale basis, could you just help us understand what the average 
realization for a consumables per printer is? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Generally clocked between 1 to 1.1 lakh per printer, now the mix is changing between 
different printers, the consumption is generally higher in CIJ printers as compared to TIJ or 
TTO. The average compared to previous year is a little lower, but still 1.1 lakh is what we are 
trying to clock. 
Nemish Shah: 
Okay and this consumption should ideally increase by the increased production basically for 
the industry right? 
Rahul Khettry: 
As the production of our customers increases, now if they go from single to a double shift or 
double shift to triple, the same printer is going to give us higher revenues of consumable front 
that is what increases the average, but it is completely dependent on their production planning, 
it is not something that we can control. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 29 
Nemish Shah: 
Do you have some similar number for spares; what would be the realization for printer for 
spares? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Spares like there are more than 400 parts on a single printer, the printer SKUs that we have, 
so that can range from Rs.100 to may be Rs.50000 so that is difficult to say. 
Nemish Shah: 
Could you just throw some color on the acquisition that we made? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Can we take that question, Shiva you there? 
Shiva Kabra: 
We are in coding and marking industry, which is sort of intersection of the digital printing 
and packaging like at a very small level, which is in a just very basic requirement, which is 
date code, batch code, expiry dates, the statutory information and sort of minimum amounts 
of information for printings on a cable, wires, so on, what is happening to the lot of customers 
do wanting to print more information and if this costs there before, so lot of people who want 
to print ingredients on the production line and lot of people who want to print the entire blister 
or mono carton on the production line, so they want to personalize more and have a lot more 
flexibility, so mark print already makes equipment, which is capable of doing this type of 
work, so we do also, but the technical level of our printers is significantly less than that of 
mark print and so the cost warrant, so the printer used for almost eliminate some of the pre-
printing this they are in the package and basically personalize the packages to much high 
extent, so that is what their businesses about and our primary easons for the purchase, so that 
we can acquire this technology and use it through boost the top end of our range in India or 
it is going to take time for us to obviously employ it in the market and get the benefits out of 
it, but this will help us through our sales in the Indian market, but at the same time mark is 
itself doing very well and they have also doubled in the last two or three years and I can see 
that they themselves will be growing in the European markets especially in Scandinavia, 
Germany, America and Canada something that is something that we will help support their 
growth by investing in them to expand those geographies, so I am really expecting that it is 
going to be dual powered acquisition for us in terms of mark print itself doing very well and 
continuing that growth rate hopefully will faster and that for much bigger ways in the coming 
times and for us to benefit and to be able to extend our product range and able to cater to 
much more sophisticated and complex requirements of our customers in our markets, so it is 
a bit of strategic acquisitions and not like a simple market share idea  It is more for technology 
needs that we need to acquire. 
Nemish Shah: 
Basically the high-end printers, we would be looking to just gain the technical know-how and 
manufacture it in an Indian plant or just input those printers from market? 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 29 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, we are just importing a few a couple of things, but we are already going to start 
localizing.  Obviously his structure, using his components, his everything is whatever, so we 
are seeing how we can localize it, but also reduce the cost to some extent significantly, for 
which we will have to work quite significantly, so the idea may be to do the same 
consideration he has and manufactured in India and maybe we get a slot in the upfront margin 
on the printers to help through the market out here, but at the same time we have to work on 
actually lowering the cost base of those printers because the Indian market are very different 
from the Benelux, Germany, Scandinavia, Northern European, Canadian and world market 
that you have and that is something we will be working upon, so we already have some of the 
equipment on the way out here, I think we had some information is going on, so we will be 
working on it, as of course at the end of the day, I do want to point out, which is not very 
obvious from my statement so far that it depends only on the application that we are talking 
about because we can do a lot of types of printing, we can print a lot of different things, a lot 
of different packages, a lot of different items, it depends on, which specific applications that 
we are targeting in India and what we feel will succeed in the Indian markets, so accordingly 
we will focus on those specific items and try to come out with aggressive solutions for those 
specific areas that we are targeting whereas may be for things that we feel one-off or 
something we can really know it is import and cater it to them. 
Nemish Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashyap Javeri from Emkay Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
I have only one question, when we look at some of the more industrialized or manufacturing 
focused countries versus let us say an installed base for us which is about 15000 odd at 
industry level may be about 40000, 45000 kind of a number, what is the sort of maximum 
possible domestic market to do. Is there any benchmark for particular amount of 
manufacturing GDP, as many number of printers which are needed eventually and that is 
going to be the size of the domestic market? 
Shiva Kabra: 
What we have seen is definitely as the GDP grows GDP per capita because of increased 
automation requirements and also because of the organized packaging even this substitution 
of a lot of other types of network even in industry side, the number of printers per person 
definitely increases and the resulting consumables and so on, so it is there, but it is on a 
declining curve, basic on a declining curve, so what happens it increases faster like I said 
something which cost about $5000 per capita, it is at a faster rate and then beyond that it starts 
increasing at its lower rate, so I think it is very difficult to compare, but if you look at market 
like China say that their domestic market would be at least five to six times so large, so in 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 29 
terms of the number of printers, the CIJ printers they sell per year is more than 30000 whereas 
we sell about 8000 to 10000 that is one type of printer we also have like bigger markets for 
all the types of printers and because the base has been going at a large base three years now 
as a result. We have to look at it that Indian market will be like about $200 million, Euros or 
whatever we give it right now and the worldwide market will be about 5 billion to 6 billion, 
so I think it is going to dependent on India’s share for world GDP and of course as the GDP 
grows, this market with company growing so, it is difficult to say and we saw that some 
person asked also in that IIP has not grown so much, and it is still growing, I think there was 
earlier question, I apologized who asked it and Rahul did say that we continue sell printers 
and that is also because there is a shift from unorganized packaging to organized packaging, 
so for lot of people the edible oil there was sugar, there was salt, there was wheat, there was 
rice even milk, a lot of things are not packaged in India or the percentage of packaging was 
quite less and now lot of those products are being packaged, so that is causing secondary 
increase in sales and then as people getting more convenience, people is also having like 23 
kilo bags of rice, it is starting to get by one or two kilos at a time rather than opening a 20 
kilo bag and then sorting in huge jars and so on that is what we will see more pre-cooked 
stuff, more varieties will increase the amount of packaging, may be on very good from some 
taxability view point, but that could be seen in the world, so if you look at bottled water, 
people used it only on a travelling or sort of very small things before, now someone comes 
to office for the meeting, which might be the same with all of you if you have like one liters 
bottles all over the place and that is increasing the consumption also.  These packers also tried 
in the market, it is not just GDP growth thing, but it is related, as you will see growth per 
capita increases other factors will continuously increase. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
One more question I want to ask over here, you mentioned that installed today at the end of 
FY2022 was about 15000 printers that amounts to almost about Rs.140000 a printer per 
annum of consumables and services based on the annual report data, which is already 
available that number if I go back about four, five years ago was roughly about Rs.155000 a 
printer, so what has changed between then and now that this consumable per printer of 
installed based or services and spares also, it is not growing at all rather it is probably 
declining. First are they number correct because I have taken it from your annual report and 
point number two, if that is the case then? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I will answer your questions. The first thing, we had a very large cement business previously 
and you know cement has a lot of production prior then we had a lot of issues with piracy in 
that market even till date, the customers that are there have a lot of issues in terms of in the 
quality of printing, because they frankly do not care about that which actually affects our 
business a lot because the moment a person does not care of meeting statutory requirements 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 29 
at all, then the scope of Control Print and Domino decreases, because they knew they can 
take any one, so when business decline quite sharp, Rahul give you the numbers after this and 
that is sort of affected per print of business quite a lot because the cement business definitely 
like in excess of about Rs.3 lakh per printer per year in terms of consumption and the second 
factor that, our product mix is continuously evolving, so we sell for example a lot of other 
stuff, so we also print sale for example on the cartons now, your printing say on I do not know 
some sort of antiquity whisky or something. Now just 24 bottles pack in a carton, we also 
print on the carton that is also printer for us and Rahul said we do not give that break up 
because of different reasons, but they have eventually increase in the secondary packaging 
and packaging there may be some people to print offline at a fast pace and obviously the 
printers online so they are using more printers as a result, but the overall production for printer 
has decreased and those factors are also affecting the overall consumption for printer. It could 
be according to me figures of the company may decrease, but what is maters that which is the 
overall trajectory increasing on what base, it depends on so much on what mix of printer we 
sell, so for example tomorrow if we sell some printers for which the technology come from 
mark print, the consumption for printer those will be very high, it would be like 10 lakhs to 
30 lakhs per annum for printer range, so they could see the figures the other way, so it is very 
difficult, without the granularity, which I realized we do not provide you at that level. it is 
very difficult to predict a very broad production, it is not very relevant piece of information, 
is what I would say if you look at the number of printers and the total base because we do not 
know what mix of printers has been sold, which we only understand how that business is 
performing. This is my own personal view point. Rahul, are you going to add anything on 
these points? 
Rahul Khettry: 
No, I think you have already explained. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Thank you so much. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Good afternoon. I am fairly new to this company, so just excuses in terms of the granular 
details of the company. I just wanted to understand, one of the previous participants said that 
the growth or the volume in our business will be dependent on or customers growing in their 
respective segments, so can I get like an overview of the kind of mix we have in terms of 
customers like industry wise, like I know that we are in FMCG, pharma, textiles, but like just 
to brief breakup of it and in which respective segment or industry are we seeing a higher 
growth? 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 29 
Rahul Khettry: 
Basically, we are mostly through towards the industrial side since we were late entrant 
compared to our competitors, so for Control Print about 60% of our revenues were mostly on 
the industrial side and about 40% on the packaging that is the breakup we will be seeing, now 
that is changing and may be some more on the packaging side, so the industrial side is coming 
towards the 55% and the packaging is going up to 45% over the next few years that is what 
we believe will happen because of the new printers that we are launching. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Okay and we offer the printers as well as the consumables for the printers, so if a customer 
buys the printer, is the consumable to be bought only from control printers or…. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Mostly we have RFID chip in our printers and that is what the customer needs to purchase 
the consumable from us. Some people do try using other consumables if they managed to 
bypass the RFID software then in that case we do not service the printers because other 
pirated ink actually spoiled some of the parts and the customers then has to get the servicing 
done from outside, so in many cases we have found that the customers moved out of Control 
Print over a period of time that printer deteriorates. They have again come back and started 
buying from us, so these are things, which do happen in the industry, but apart from that 85% 
of the industry is still organized, it is 10%-15% where these activities take place. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Okay and in terms of margins, how difference would be the margin for the printer and 
consumable? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Definitely printers are at rock bottom prices, very little margin and it is very competitive price 
market there. The reason being that main high profitability is on the consumable and that is 
what sell for multiple years after you sold a printer, so one printer can give you let us say five 
to seven years of consumable business, which is high-profit margin, so that is the reason why 
printers at least in India we found is at a very low price compared to our other countries and 
the profitability mostly like in the consumables. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Got it and just one last question, in terms of printers, what is the difference between the CIJ 
and TIJ, what is the different? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Difference between? 
Yash Bajaj: 
CIJ and TIJ, I heard it right on the call? 
Rahul Khettry: 
The difference is here about seven different types of printers, CIJ and TIJ are just two out of 
this level and the print on different substrates, TIJ is more specific to certain application 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 29 
whereas CIJ is more general and can print across more industries in substrates, may be on the 
website you can get much more information and you can just go through. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations. Just a question on the acquisition that we did 
in Netherland. Can you share the financial matrix revenue, EBITDA or PAT in last financial 
year on that? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We had put that up on the stock exchange.  It is available there for the last three years. 
VP Rajesh: 
My second question is on the macro side. 
Shiva Kabra: 
(inaudible) 47.52 borrowed in revenue and 150000 profit I think, so but Rahul can get you 
those numbers if you just write into us. 
VP Rajesh: 
My other question was on the macro side, are you seeing an escalation in the industrial 
activity or in the packaging activity and what is the prognostic because everybody seems to 
be talking about the slowdown, which will also impact India, so I was just trying to understand 
the growth point what you have seen? 
Rahul Khettry: 
I did not hear the question clearly, Shiva can you answer that? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I did not hear the question clearly also, if you can repeat it once again. 
VP Rajesh: 
What I am trying to understand is, you are very much plugged into the industrial side of the 
economy, so you are at the ground level, are you seeing the industrial activity pickup let us 
say one month or two month ago and are there certain pockets going faster than the other 
pockets, probably sale of your printers or from the increased sales of consumables? 
Shiva Kabra: 
From the industry side, we actually felt it was a bit slow, honestly it is slower than what we 
expected, we do not know what is going on the print, but overall activity will get subdued. 
VP Rajesh: 
Was it constantly in a particular industry that supply to or was it across on the segments that 
you cater to? 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Shiva Kabra: 
Two, three segments; obviously the construction material industry looks okay, I think the 
pipe especially was a bit weak, if to some extent the cable and wire, so we will have to break 
it down, because the pipes that we print on used in agriculture so much they used more in 
construction and then in the FMCG was okay, it was increasing their much per print or 
consumables business and there was an decreasing, also it was sort of flattish. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Overall I think we believe another 10%, 15% definitely the volumes and increase compared 
to the current level. 
VP Rajesh: 
It will be in this quarter or for the rest of this year? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Going forward, I think thing should increase more if the productions of the different industry 
increase. 
VP Rajesh: 
Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Shiva Kabra: 
May be there was a sluggish/destocking obviously sometimes it happens, so I guess we have 
better product probably figures for the quarter. 
Rahul Khettry: 
On the raw material side, some industries were struggling we know that some printers were 
shut, because their production lines were not operating, because they could not manage their 
raw materials, so different reasons have kept it low. 
VP Rajesh: 
Understood, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Dinkar Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Dinkar Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Any kind of a supply chain this much and they are anticipating 
in the coming quarters? 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now we are in a supply chain disruption and our printer production has been affected, 
I did brief in the Q4 conference call, I said we have been severely impacted that is why our 
revenues are lower in this quarter, because we have not been able to sell many printers, so we 
do not have the controls  we are purchasing from the spot market whatever we have to fulfill 
our needs at a much higher prices affecting as almost to the tune of Rs.30000 to Rs.40000 a 
printer, but we then cannot make the printout because there are still some parts missing, so in 
other words we have to buy, however it is wherever it is available, how it is available once 
we have to indicate the validated the component, so that is the situation right now and because 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 29 
of that we are unable to produce the CIJ printers during in Q1 except for some old board, 
some old stuff, we have been scrounging around that we will depend to some spare stocks 
and stuff we normally keep as a very big safety for the printers to manufacturer some of the 
printers, but now our production is starting of the new generation of printer and hopefully we 
will be able to get out of the situation at a price because we are just buying stuff at a much 
higher price, so I think this is going to continue for the next six months or so whatever we 
have seen.  We have created some stock at a very high price, so that is the situation, so we 
have no choice. The semiconductor market shortage is improving, we also see some other 
components like rubbers and increased tremendously, so the whole supply chain is a bit 
broken, it is not recovered frankly probably from the COVID time and definitely giving more 
anything affected we do not have the electronic components. We would have manufactured 
our PCBs, the drive electronics for our printers, so because we cannot make it and once we  
miss, we cannot redesign it and for every part on this component have to validate and some 
of them require software reprograms, this whole things come as a disaster, but basically, no 
way out,  which we have purchased in a spot market at a very high price and in some cases 
we have redesigned and in some cases we have purchased. Expect the situation to continue 
as it is very difficult for at last six months. 
Anurag Dinkar Patil: 
Okay, raw material costs are now correcting, so current gross margins of 60%, can you say 
that will sustain going forward? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I do not know that will work, but whatever seems like this quarter, the printer revenue has 
been subdued, it would not add to our profit normally, but it would not reduce our profit, 
normally we will sell them at a market level, so that it do not cause loss, not the because 
profit, so the right now may be they are selling them a bit of loss going forward because our 
cost will increase, so we had to purchase from the spot market, but I think absent numbers 
might matter little bit more than this quarter comparison especially because there is so much 
fluctuation going on like last year, but Q1 affects because of COVID, this year the war is 
affecting us causing shortages, something of the other seems to be going on since March 2000 
or something, so it is very difficult to get a comparison and may be in Q4 everything may go 
quite smooth. 
Anurag Dinkar Patil: 
Just one question was more on the consumable side, if the raw materials for the consumables 
are correcting, is there any scope for other improvement in our margins? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Currently, some of the prices are on a higher side, but if global in the situation stabilizes, we 
do have scope of improvement in some of the raw material or consumable, so yes, definitely 
there is a chance that the things are better.  This year we are not sure because the market 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 29 
feedback that we are getting is that the prices will remain on the higher side may be the next 
year if it stabilizes we have scope of better margin on that. 
Anurag Dinkar Patil: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Beria an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Beria: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I noticed in the presentation that field staff has reduced to 300 
from 360 earlier, is this reading right, is that a reduction in the account of field staff? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Could you repeat, what has reduced? 
Harsh Beria: 
Field staff, the number has changed slightly. I think it has reduced to 300 plus and earlier in 
the presentation, it was mentioned as 360, is it a reduction? 
Rahul Khettry: 
We are just still not understood could you speak a little louder? 
Harsh Beria: 
The field staff has reduced from some sort of breakup in the presentation.  This field staff is 
360 earlier and now it is 300, but I do not know  numbers nothing has reduced; is everything 
is alright? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Where are you getting the numbers from exactly? 
Harsh Beria: 
It is from the presentation, earlier it has mentioned that 360, now it is mentioned as 300 plus. 
Rahul Khettry: 
300 plus from a presentation point of view I get they change from presentation outlook, but 
like Mr. Shiva said, the field staff has not reduced and we are looking to add a few more, 
because the business seems to be growing quite strong, so there is no reduction probably just 
a presentation format. 
Harsh Beria: 
Perfect, thanks to the clarification. My second question is about Track and Trace Services, 
how does this business structured and what is the kind of software team that you need to 
provide the service? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Shiva, the Track and Trace can you explain? 
Shiva Kabra: 
We normally print like something significant on the products like, date code, batch code and 
so on MRP, and various information, now the track and trace system, is an integrated system, 
so it is not just about us printing the standard information along with that what we do is we 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 29 
have to generate a variable QR code, now for that what we do is we have to download some 
data from the customers’ TRP systems. and at the same time we add some software which 
then generic certain granule numbers, it is a format provided by the GS1 organization the 
Global Standards 1 and they issue the standards for this as per the EAN barcodes and so on. 
There is variable information on the products and then that we have to do is upload it back 
from our printer and eliminate in our printer because we transfer more than one code at a time 
and then it goes back in to the customers business, at the same time this will scan the barcode 
ensure that the print has been there then it is priority it has been a part of this available and 
has been printed and then we have to eliminated from our data base it goes somewhere in the 
cloud or there is the cosmos where it is stored and then and at the same if some code is  
incorrect, we have a rejection mechanism to check build on the line so that without stopping 
this production if the code has not been good then that product is removed from the production 
line, which of course can be challenging with that certain speed and then all other information 
is then connected so when the same product then packed in a secondary carton. In the 
secondary carton the code of all the primary carton is also included in that, suppose I have 
like say for example 10 blisters and I packed it in a blister pack and a little folding carton then 
all the data of variable data of all this 10 blister packs, which is there in that secondary pack 
that data will be encoded, so it will come on the secondary pack and when we see it in the 
secondary packs goes on the tertiary pack which the carton, which then get shift to all the 
distributors then on the tertiary packs it contains the information of which 10 secondary packs 
are there and which 100 trialing this packs out there and each of thig on the rejection 
mechanism everything is being uploaded somewhere on the cloud or the customers data in 
that sense choice how you want to handle it and sometime some people use it for helping, 
they might use it for validation with an SMS your intercity of the product and then might use 
it further in internal staff to validate some products or they might use it also for some 
marketing reasons, so that they can use it to scan this code and get Rs.10 off or something 
like that you get a 20% discount in the next purchase, so then what happen is basically that 
sort of different from us for guiding a product because I am just tilting our date code and 
batch code in leasing because the amount of involvement of our hoursproviding much bigger 
so it is much more challenging and of course it is a much higher revenue generator and then 
there was a certain software component, which have to manage every year so we charge some 
money for that. 
Harsh Beria: 
This sounds like slightly competitive service, so the revenues that comes from this segment 
could be categorized in the services segment in the revenue breakup. 
Shiva Kabra: 
What? 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 29 
Harsh Beria: 
The revenue that we are generating from this track and trace should be capitalized the services 
segment in the revenue segment digital segment in your report. 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, Sir right now it is quite negligible overall because when we sell the equipment it will 
come under sale of equipment depending on what strategy comes under, but the peak service 
revenue and I think there is nothing special and this comes under sale of services and 
something on that sort. 
Harsh Beria: 
Yes, thanks for the clarification that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, and thank you for the opportunity. Firstly with coming to this acquisition part so 
this payment is made to the promoters or there is a first capital has been raised in the company 
for growth of the same. 
Shiva Kabra: 
No the initial payout will be to the current CEO there who is the promoter and he will continue 
in the company for the next five years; we have got management contract with him. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The balance 25% is also held by him only. 
Shiva Kabra: 
The current CEO has a partner and non-active partner and we are purchasing that partner out 
entirely and from the current CEO we are purchasing a part of his shares this show that it is 
clear. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No the balance would be held 25% balance share will be held by whom? 
Rahul Khettry: 
Balance will be held by the managing partner and our share purchase agreement say that 
every year we will continue to buy 5% of his balance and by the end of fifth year Control 
Print will have 100% of the equity. 
Saket Kapoor: 
About the valuation part, at what value are we buying is there any clause of incremental 
valuation we are going to pay or any other yardstick that will apply. 
Rahul Khettry: 
No it is because as per RBI guidelines it has to be valued every year as per the category one 
merchant banker so at that point of time it will be revalued though we have some indication 
on what the pricing will be. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 29 
Saket Kapoor: 
This company was founded in 2015, so what is their current installed base and this whole 
purpose is the technology part, which we want to get enabled in our printers going forward 
that is the main the factor behind it or what is the installed base as of now. 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes, I sort of answered this question earlier, but if you can just repeat as a strategy. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, I was looking for the installed base of printers for market that this company was founded 
in 2015, so is will be seven years, six years old so what is their current date and that sole 
purpose for us is the technology transfer and then post this 100% acquisition do they have 
any technology partner for which we have to pay the royalty going forward. 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, it is their own technology they I will just stated earlier I think in the same con call today 
so our primary purpose is to acquire the technology for the top end of our range second in 
mark print own installed base is about 300 printers if I remember correctly between 300 and 
400, but if you want the exact number I will have to check, but it is between this number it is 
about 300 if I remember correctly and yes of course we are also expecting mark print to grow, 
so mark print sales above 1.5 maybe if I remember right and we are expecting that to almost 
exceed double or so in the next two to three years and continuing to go at a faster rate because 
of our support to them and in their own of course packaging got an existing base case within 
the products and this is the timeframe them we have to go faster than before. 
Rahul Khettry: 
Saket Ji then this is more be a slightly different they also make a good number of margins on 
the printers apart from the consumables post sale, so it is not only on consumables that they 
make the margin it is also on printer sales because the technology is very high end. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay because the installed base of 300 only definitely you must have done the due diligence 
but the base installed base that they are very new to the market if the understanding of 300 
printers… 
Rahul Khettry: 
This year this product it is not something that will be there; they said it is high end niche 
products. 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think that cheapest printer would be like 15000 Euros discounted like that is a cheapest 
like the most entry level so their average ticket size is much higher than ours so in terms of 
compared it to because if we have consoling hash backs and answering. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What should be the market share then on a base of 300 and since they are the niche segment. 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 29 
Saket Kapoor: 
What should be the current market share in the market in which they operate. 
Shiva Kabra: 
I do not know the market share because it is a undefined market; we are creating a new market 
in these segments because people who have…. 
Rahul Khettry: 
There are very few players Saket. 
Shiva Kabra: 
They are a pilot in doing business so there is no market share in those thus it is almost like a 
new market. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, that 8% odd, but when we look at again the below like item this time we find a negative 
line item of 8.66 Crores it could be investment through the ODI route so what is the current 
size of the book and how are we going to conclude this transaction from the cash flow or any 
borrowing or how is it going to conclude. 
Rahul Khettry: 
We have funds in liquid funds which we are integrating so it is completely be internal 
accruals. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Size of the book Sir we have a negative line item of 8.66 Crores in a quarter, assume this was 
a bad quarter for the capital… 
Rahul Khettry: 
The markets are very volatile right now. Towards the September you will get to know once 
it is out in balance sheet then you will get to know. Right now it is not in the public domain 
so… 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir lastly about the buyback part and a special dividend payout, which Shiva Sir and Rahul Ji 
who were telling that board will take the decision at the appropriate time, so now this two 
acquisitions happening over a period of one year another one is very small innovative and 
now with marks print, so going forward what is the thought process of the management in 
distributing the cash back to it investor since we are at the cuts or the inflection point if my 
understanding of the total conversation and the numbers goes, so we should build on from 
these numbers, so this is the first quarter only so just a thought process of how things are 
looking up and also on this utilization levels for the consumable part.  I think they were in the 
lower 40s for us. So how are they? Have they improved? 
Shiv Kabra: 
I will just take your questions one at a time that is okay. We are just getting back and of 
course I appreciate first you are coming into the AGM call and putting those questions there. 
We will definitely appreciate shareholders are involved and obviously ensuring that they are 
giving us suggestion to improve. Our thing is quite clear. We had decided approximately 50 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 29 
Crores of cash and 50 Crores of bank in regard of any opportunities that come. It is not so 
much of an emergency because in our business unless something really bad happens because 
there is a repeat consumer business. We do not see any real liquidity issues of course 
something like COVID happened and that lockdown happened. so even we cannot say 
anything 100% but it is more a case of an opportunity to expand the terms. I will say again 
that we are in space where there is customer demands from us somewhat integrated solution, 
which I think Harsh asked earlier something about track and trace and I tried to give some 
basic idea of the system to him and to the other investors, but there are more requirements 
like this coming  from customers. It is not only on track increase. It could be for certain 
branding. It could be for certain (inaudible) 73.57 it could be certain other requirement. We 
are obviously trying to buyback, so it will be based around 10000 for; it could be a bigger 
solution, not just the printer itself. The second part is that we are looking and getting more 
into more sophisticated type of printers, something like the mark print acquisition was 
obviously one getting started. The ICIPL was bit more opportunistic because it was the right 
person who we knew from the market. It was a brand extension. It is used in our existing 
factories and facilities and technologies, so the cost involvement for us is very marginal and 
what I think is sustainable packaging is another area that we would be interested in going 
forward, so I think these all three could be good growth levers to be taking us in the coding 
and marking business, which is any way growing and any way we are fully focused on it to 
the next level of growth as a company but more than that these are the areas that we are 
focused on investing and we are keeping some liquidity available for opportunities that come 
in these areas. The board has been clear and I can suggest on behalf of the board and we have 
provided dividends in the past, but if the amount of cash that is available in our company goes 
beyond a certain point, our first priority is to invest in these growth areas and our existing 
business. Our existing business as we discussed before does not need funds. Whatever the 
depreciation amounts are right now is more enough to cover the capex requirement for at least 
the next two to three years so it does not require any capital investment that is the first point. 
The second point is that we will be looking out because we are more interested in organic 
both on acquisitions rather than developing capabilities more scratch in our company for 
certain areas that we think. We should do printing definitely we will be working on ourselves, 
but for other things we need very interesting strategic investment to increase our capabilities 
that is one area, where we are keeping this 50 Crores, 60 Crores cash and 50 Crores, 60 Crores 
bank limit available for so whatever is beyond that we will provide back to the shareholders 
whatever the board decides a stack situation. I cannot say there will be a buyback or dividend 
or something that is the boards call. We will not hold on to cash beyond that amount. There 
is nothing immediately visible on our plate, so I can give this assurance to all the investors 
that we are not just going to build up a cash balance endlessly, so there is no reason to deploy 
them effectively and we do not have a genuine solid outlook for that so that is my invite. I 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 29 
think it will be brought up in the AGM. I do not know if that was answered clearly but it has 
been discussed at the board level and I can give this answer on behalf of that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The utilization level of consumables for us. They were in the lower 40s or in the 50 bracket 
so with now the install base crossing 15,000 and what the first quarter number reflect about 
the percentage mix of revenue at 56 for consumable, how are the utilization levels looking 
currently and what should they look like for the end of this year. 
Rahul Khettry: 
We are still in that 50 to 60% range so those things will be very stressful in terms of capacity 
utilization. 
Shiv Kabra: 
I think we should be okay till it is about 350 Crores. At that point of time we might have to 
increase our raw material storage facility in Guwahati. That will cost a few Crores not like a 
huge investment. It is just a storage facility. It is not production facility. We need to have 
more storage facility for the raw materials and the finished goods at the point of time or we 
will need to set up some more warehouses outside of Guwahati so that we can ship the 
finished goods out but that will take maybe another year and half including 12 months of 300 
plus at that point of time maybe we build that decision. 
Rahul Khettry: 
As of now only from operation point of view, we can increase the shift a few hours to give 
the additional capacity so that will not be bottleneck at this point of time. 
Saket Kapoor: 
300 top line should be our target for FY2023 given what the sentiments are currently and 
utilization levels at your customer base, we should look forward to scale our revenue Sir. I 
think that ballpark number should ideally well wedged into our numbers for this year. 
Rahul Khettry: 
I think internally also we are targeting close to that number. 
Saket Kapoor: 
All the best for the team for a very conclusive decision and we look forward for further 
interaction with the team. All the best, Namaskar. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Sampat from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Good afternoon. Just one question from my end. You just mentioned on how the model is 
different for the company which is acquired versus what it is in India, so while that company 
makes money on printers and that is not only the case over here so just wanted to understand 
how is it globally for the coding and marking business. If there is some sense on development 
emerging markets both and why is it so different over here because the sector is fairly 
consolidated right. We have 85% share coming in from the top four guys so is it the new 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 29 
challenges beyond the top four that is leading to this or the intensity between the top four 
players that is leading to us giving us printers at a cost or something and you think this is just 
a phase right now giving away printers for essentially free or you think it is a temporary 
phase. 
Shiv Kabra: 
Yes, getting to your question, I think that first of all obviously the pricing discipline in Europe 
or the developed markets is much higher than in India. There is no doubt about that, so the 
way customers evaluate product is also very different, so in India there is a direct cost 
comparison, but you will just say that this cost Rs.10 per kilometer and that cost Rs.8 per 
kilometer and then you need more direct cost comparison of this thing versus something. 
Abroad people are very much concerned about the cost of labor. They are concerned about 
the cost of automation. They are concerned about the ease of the use and the reliability factor, 
which helps us sell in India and that is why the market is dominated by four of us, its because 
of the underlying concern of reliability but the cost of reliability also so abroad the person 
will see if that I go to some local guy or some Chinese guy or whatever person whose support 
maybe less and I lose one day of extra production as a result. What is the cost of my line 
being down for one day and then that cost is normally 20 times higher than the printer cost 
right because you lose production, you have employees out there who cannot operate with all 
the other fixed expenses but most importantly you need that capacity and you are not able to 
service your market and that is also a massive issue so because of that reason the way people 
measure these things abroad is very different. In India people have a very shallow way of 
thinking at certain times and I am trying to pull out a bad way or good way, but we will not 
look at these issues, so it is very cultural in terms of quality or certain things. You have to 
look at a brand name. You cannot look at doing something and give it a short-term result. 
This is something that you build up over a 5, 10, 15, 20-year period. That is how you build 
your brand, your quality, your reputation, your service and so on, so I think that is an issue 
that there was in India, so the easiest way for people to focus in expanding the market was to 
improve, to spend cheaper which is  obviously the method of telling, so it is definitely a 
management call that happened. It is also an industry wide thing, so it is very difficult for one 
person to control the situation. Of course it has stabilized in the last two years because I think 
Rahul as mentioned they are largely a cost and that is the situation. Definitely, as you will get 
in newer printers like in the mark print situation and those type of printers and we are selling 
them in India. We are not going to sell them. We obviously might not make the same type of 
margins in mark print, but as we go higher up the value chain there is no reason for us to 
discount the printer with the cost level and we should make a certain amount of money on the 
printers, but in the existing printers, which are already in the market it is very difficult for us 
to change that situation so that is where the story is right now. It is looking worse because 
since the COVID time there have been some cost increases on us by the freight rate or 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 29 
shipping or fixed disruptions and now this whole semi-conductors, earlier there were 
performance issues and electronic component issue that we are really stuck with 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Is it possible for this to get a bit more aggressive from the players in the sense of giving away 
printers at basically for free and then hoping for business to coming out as compared to just 
recovering the cost now is that a direction the industry could possibly be moving it that 
unlikely here. 
Shiv Kabra: 
I do not think we have any intention of lowering prices that is a Control Print view point. I 
mean obviously whatever the challenge is it will be more aggressive, then it would be not 
going to be as aggressive, but in general we have pretty much no intention of lowering printer 
prices. If anything we want to go the other way, although it might be more focused on newer 
models that we increases price there rather than on existing models that we increase prices. 
Devanshu Sampat: 
Got it. Okay thank you and wishing the team all the best. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question we have is from the line of Dharmavenkatesan K B an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dharmavenkatesan: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. I have only one question regarding equity 
investments. I know this has been raised many times in the past calls and the response from 
the management was that it will be liquidated at an appropriate time, but if I see in this year’s 
annual report instead of not liquidating we have initiated newer position in some scripts so 
what is the rationale behind this. What is the way forward for this? 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think I just answered this question quite extensively to Saket Kapoor who he had asked this 
question in the AGM so the board will discuss. When we talk about that 50 to 60 Crores, we 
are keeping that permanent account for hire power in case we need it for anything and we do 
not believe in our type of business we need it as an emergency for own requirements. Rahul 
can give you some more details on that, but the basic focus is that we need a certain amount; 
we are keeping that beyond that amount like I said we do not have a specific and a very clear 
idea of how to invest it. Our first focus is to reinvest into areas where we feel that we can 
contribute to the industry, to our country and also make sure that it is a reasonably successful 
business and I outlined it very clearly which is into integrate solutions not only track and 
trace, but similar. The second is I said that we will be focusing on digital printing and that 
area would go with Mark print one acquisition of this. That is what I said was that we will be 
focusing on sustainable packaging solutions because we feel that is something that Control 
Print needs to contribute for our country to move forward because this is a big area of concern 
and it is something that we believe in. Again we would like to integrate our printers as part 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 29 
of that solution. The free areas we are focusing on, probably I said that our existing business 
for the next two to three years will require a marginal amount of investment and we should 
be able to cover the amount of investment for the coding and marking business through the 
depreciation amounts, so net capex will be approximately zero. I did say that we are of course 
investing in R&D it is really expensive at this point in time so that (inaudible)90.52 
increasing but beyond that I said that whatever amount we have beyond that and it could 
change. I could always request the board for a higher amount if I feel I need to make bigger 
acquisitions but the focus is more on acquiring technology, acquiring capabilities and we do 
not want to shift over reach because our knowledge around printers even in the packaging 
industry we do not know how to make packaging machinery for example. We know how to 
make printers. We are going to obviously increase our capability in manufacturing digital 
printers from higher levels as per different requirement that we are targeting but not so much. 
We do not want to get beyond our own core competency because it takes a lot of time to 
acquire that experience to make a very high-quality reliable product versus a product that has 
all the technical specifications, but is not that reliable on the line, but we have made special 
mistakes in the past and I am not going to do that so once we invest in all those areas. I was 
clear we requested the board for an amount of 50 Crores we feel cost and liquidity and 50 
Crores as a bank unit and beyond that amount we will divert back to the shareholders because 
we were looking at this a multiyear thing that we always keep the amount available. We might 
increase it. We might decrease it that is something I will discuss every year depending on 
what if foresee as requirements along with our team for whatever our goals are for the next 
one to two years and whatever is beyond that we will reward the shareholders or give it back 
even to reinvest it is a reward for the shareholders it is coming on the form of increased 
growth over a longer period of time. Our first priority is to invest the money in these allied 
areas of business, which we want to grow. If we can find the right type of opportunity if we 
are unable to do it and the cash balance increases then we will be giving it back to the 
shareholders in whichever form the board decides to be tax efficient in that given situation so 
that is the situation. Again when it comes to equities or liquid fund or something there is a 
difference in the rates between the two. We are looking as a continuous holding period over 
a two-to-three-year period. It is a short fluctuation over the quarter or up or down honestly 
does not affect us so much but we have taken this note that people are concerned about that 
and that is something we need to internally discuss and get back to you guys on, but it is not 
something that we are investing or we are concerned about total fluctuations up or down. It 
is not that relevant to us because we are looking more as sort of something that we are keeping 
in reserve. Because if we get an opportunity like 100 to 200 Crores acquisition which we have 
is not available to us. So I just want to explain it because I know this question has been raised 
many times and I have given a very long answer and I have answered this like three times, 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 27 of 29 
but I hope that it is very clear because I know this is an area of concern that few people have 
raised and I just want to address that. 
Dharmavenkatesan: 
Just to add a point here. We understand that the business has to reinvest and most of the 
investors are happy if the company is looking out for acquisition and if it is a big-ticket 
acquisition we need to keep cash on books, which is well and good. The concern for most of 
the investors is that it has been invested into equity instead of some big thing for income 
instrument. That is the concern here. The concern is not the cash balance. It is where the cash 
balance is invested, so if the management can come out and provide more clarity on the way 
forward in the next meeting or by the way of action saying that we will be investing in certain 
areas and we will not be investing in certain area it will be very clear to the investor and 
shareholders because many are actually concerned by this, the way the capital has been 
allocated into equity investment. 
Shiva Kabra: 
Again I am going to answer this question which I hope I just answered but if your 
understanding is what I said. I said we need a certain amount of cash whether in the form of 
equity or in the form of funds, in the form of liquid funds, to me it does not matter. Like I 
said the second thing is the view that these funds will always be there so even if we spend in 
the coming quarter we will then reduce maybe in certain other ways because they are 
generating cash continuously through certain funds available for the business needs so we are 
less concerned with the quarterly up or down obviously there was maybe a view, but there is 
a significant variation in what we are getting over equities and we will invest on some equity 
investment since at least 2005 since I joined. Again this is not something I look at, but the 
overall rate of returns since 2005-2022 when we calculated has been more than 15% post tax. 
So I am talking over a 15 period over taxes and dividends and appreciation and so on whereas 
we see the liquid fund was slightly different so I understand what investors that it is your core 
competency in your business and so on and we appreciate that. That is how I am being very 
clear about the limits what we will be employing as cash in whichever form and keeping it 
and what we will do the amount which are extra so we are not planning to turn into an 
investment house. We are a proper business. We do very important service for what we 
believe for our customers for the wider consumer and obviously that is where our focus is 
and we have some areas of growth clearly outlined. As you want to be quite clear about that 
so it is not like we are not taking this and I understand this is a concern, but of course it will 
be multiple view point which is the view point of Mr. Kabra and the board. Like I said this is 
the rate of return we are generating over a 15-to-17-year period or whatever that 2005 to 2022 
is versus what we are getting in the liquid fund after tax is different. If we do not need the 
money for something very immediate so it could be that if there is something on the line, 
which is what the view point of Mr. Kabra was when you have something on the line and I 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 28 of 29 
know I need the money in six months because you are working actively on something like 
the mark print then I will keep that money in the liquid fund so right now we have more than 
20 Crores in liquid fund so we know we have to pay out the dividend and the mark print 
acquisition and then you would not invest that money in anything else so that is what is view 
point is but I am going to send this information back to the board. Of course the next 
discussion probably will happen in September results now. I will take this point and I will 
pass the message on to them. Again I just want everyone to understand that Rahul and Jaideep 
and we operate and we run the company, we do not need further investment my request is 
that we keep certain amount of money available for strategic reasons that might come up and 
that is what the board has done. That is the more the operations part of it and so this is just 
what I wanted to convey to you all. 
Dharmavenkatesan: 
Okay Sir thank you. We appreciate it. Congratulations on the good performance and looking 
forward to another great set of numbers in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market 
Securities.  Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thank you for the opportunity so what capex are we looking for 2023-2024 if you say so 
given the current template sales of printer and consumables. 
Shiva Kabra: 
The net capex will be about margin as we know. The net capex. We always do some 
maintenance. We always keep improving but right now specifically there is no new facility 
needed in the next one or two years I think we believe. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Is it correct to assume that all the price hikes have been taken to cover for the past inflation 
or we are yet to see some more round up price increase. 
Shiva Kabra: 
We are looking at sort of price increases. The thing is that Karan we are shifting to a new 
model of printer, so we have built the net price increase in the new model, but right now 
honestly we actually do not have printers so we are like in bit of bad footing in front of our 
customers right now because we are sort of quite behind in lot of printer orders and we are 
juggling things from one place to the other to meet the requirements and regarding that we 
lost some business because we have not been able to service customers who have very 
immediate requirements, so we are just trying to get out of the production issue right now and 
maybe where all the energy as gone right now for us maybe once we got out of this situation 
we will be able to take a better look at the next thing but right now the focus is just to getting 
our production back on track. 

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
Page 29 of 29 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Yes any closing remarks you want to make. Thanks for the very detailed con call Rahul and 
Shiva. 
Shiva Kabra: 
Thanks Karan. I just want to mention. First I think you are going to get stock exchange 
notification. Rahul is leaving Control Print after long time and for me personally it has been 
really a pleasure to work with him and I think he has grown along with the company. There 
has been a lot under him and most importantly all the employees the team has really benefited 
from his presence and I really wish him all the very best and all my thanks to him for being 
such a great guy and a great friend throughout this period. We have hired Mr. Jaideep Barve 
and Jaideep you can say hi to everyone and please introduce yourself and Jaideep will be 
taking over from Rahul from August 1st and we are keen to have Jaideep on board he has lot 
of experience and definitely you all can interact with Jaideep also as previously did with 
Rahul at any given point of time and mainly made available on the con calls every quarter 
and I kind of keep myself available for this AGM always for any questions that might come 
up. Mainly I just wanted to thank Rahul for all the support and all the stuff that he has done 
not only on behalf, but this is personally, but by as a company  especially to his team everyone 
has grown under him and thanks Rahul and anything you want to add. Please say something. 
Thank you every one for taking that much time. It was a little bit of long call but I really 
appreciate it. Thank you everyone take care and stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Market Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
