Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. 
 Sssss 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: QHTL/Sec/SE/2022-23/25 
 
              
    
 July 28, 2022  
 
 
                     
 
The Manager,  
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate Services, 
 
 
 
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Ref: Security ID: QUICKHEAL 
 
 
Symbol: QUICKHEAL 
Security Code: 539678   
 
 
Series   : EQ 
 
 
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of investor/analyst call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 22, 2022 call recording of investor call for Q1FY23 results, please 
find attached the transcript of investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 22, 2022, at 02:00 PM IST. The 
same is also available on Company’s website.  
 
The link to access the same is as follows:  
https://www.quickheal.co.in/documents/investors/conference-call-transcript%E2%80%93q1fy23.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Quick Heal Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
A. Srinivasa Rao 
Company Secretary 
Regd. Office: Marvel Edge, Office No. 7010 C & D, 7th Floor, 
Opposite Neco Garden Society, Viman Nagar, Pune 411014. 
Tel: +91 20 66813232 | Email: cs@quickheal.co.in 
CIN - L72200MH1995PLC091408 
www.quickheal.co.in 
SRINIVASA RAO 
ANASINGARAJ
U
Digitally signed by 
SRINIVASA RAO 
ANASINGARAJU 
Date: 2022.07.28 
14:36:05 +05'30'

                                                                                       
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
Quick Heal Technologies 
Earnings Conference Call  
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Quick Heal 
Technologies Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Anuj Sonpal:  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor 
relations of Quick Heal Technologies Limited. On behalf of the company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings 
conference call for the first quarter of financial year 2023. Before we begin, 
I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today’s conference call maybe forward looking in 
nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward 
looking statements in making any investment decisions.  

                                                                                       
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. Now let me introduce you to the management 
participating with us in today’s earnings call and then I will hand it over to 
them for opening remarks. We firstly have with Mr. Kailash Katkar – 
Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Katkar – Joint Managing Director 
and CTO, Mr. Navin Sharma – Chief Financial Officer. Without much delay, 
I request Mr. Kailash Katkar to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir.  
Kailash Katkar: 
Hey, thank you Anuj. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
making the time to join us today for the companies earning conference call 
for the first quarter of this financial year. We as Quick Heal are pioneer in 
India in cyber security space providing simple but effective solution for our 
customers’ complex cyber security problems. We are the undisputed 
market leader in the consumer segment in India, which constitutes around 
two third of our overall revenue. This is a cash cow segment and has been 
flattish for us due to stagnant market for the past few years. The stagnant 
market can be attributed to a lot of factors, including but not limited to, 
lack of customer awareness, lower growth rate of PC inventory and pricing 
pressure due to competition. Having said that, the global antivirus 
consumer market is likely to grow at around 4%, whereas India market is 
likely to grow at around 1%. We are already a market leader in this space 
and will continue to maintain our stronghold. Coming on to the enterprise 
segment, we are excited about growth since last few years and has already 
become one third of our overall business. We have made a strong foray in 
this space which is 20 times larger than the consumer segment and 
growing at 11%. We have set-up a strong customer base in the SMB 
segments in India through years of sales and marketing effort, enabling us 
to grow at four times from industry. With the new and upcoming products 

                                                                                       
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
release and our shift towards larger enterprise, the future looks far more 
promising. Our newly launched Zero Trust product has able to garner 
traction and acquire first customer in this quarter, which further solidifies 
our belief. In this quarter, Q1 our R&D expenses has increased by around 
39% year on year. Our investment into this space are already bearing fruit 
and is visible from our Q1 results, wherein the enterprise business grew by 
around 50% over the same period in the previous financial year. In the last 
quarter we have on boarded couple of industrial experts in the R&D and 
marketing function, namely Ashish Pradhan as a Chief Technology Officer 
and Sudhanshu Tripathi as a VP and head of marketing, both of whom 
come with a significant experience in their domains. We also began our 
engagement with one of the top three global consultancy company to 
fruitify a long term strategy growth plan. Now I request Sanjay to take over 
through the technology update on current development product, over to 
you Sanjay.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
Thank you, Kailash. Good afternoon everyone. Let me give you some more 
insight into the business segment performance of our company. As Kailash 
mentioned in Q1 of FY23, our enterprise business showed a strong year on 
year growth of around 50% to reach approximately 22 crores. We have a 
very strong presence in the SMB segment and are gradually moving 
towards larger enterprise and have added 36 customers with greater than 
500 endpoints in this quarter, the growth has been primarily coming 
through our EPS product and we are well set with our newly released 
products and future road map. I would like to take this opportunity to talk 
about our product road map and strategy for the enterprise segment. The 
product lines are broadly bucketed into 3 categories, endpoint security, 
zero trust, and data privacy, so our endpoint security product falls under 
the endpoint categories which we are moving towards EDR and XDR for 
adding detection and response capabilities through automation, AI and ML 

                                                                                       
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
from erstwhile protection. We had launched our first version of EDR last 
year and have got our early customers. We are seeing good enough 
demand for this product getting generated in market. So the world 
including developed markets like USA is currently adopting the Zero Trust 
framework in their architecture to prevent cyber-attacks. So our next chain 
Zero Trust User access and network access products are our solution for 
latching on this train. We had launched user access early this year and have 
on boarded our first customer in zero trust user access segment this 
quarter. The government across countries are adopting data privacy 
regulations like GDPR in EU and 71% of the countries worldwide have some 
form of data protection and privacy legislations privilege. So we have 
launched our product early this year to help companies protect the PII data 
within their data base. So we are establishing product market fit for all 
these products, which typically takes around 4 to 6 quarters, and you can 
expect revenues to flow in from H1 of FY24. I would now request Navin to 
take you through the financial overview. Over to you Navin. 
Navin Sharma: 
 Thank you, Sanjay and hello everyone, let me take you through the 
financial highlights for the first quarter of FY23. The consolidated revenues 
stood at rupees 61 crores, which represents a growth of around 11.5% on 
a YOY basis. I would like to reiterate the fact that our business has 
seasonality across quarters where our Q1 revenues are generally lower. 
On a segment basis, the revenue from consumer segment remains flattish 
at 41 crores and the enterprise business grew by roughly 50% to reach 
22 crores on a YOY basis. This is similar to how we have been doing the 
business to perform going forward. That is consumer segment to remain 
flattish or modest growth and enterprise business growing rapidly. The 
Enterprise segment has already become one third of the business and we 
are looking forward to make the mix 50-50. R&D investments for the 
quarters stood at 46% of revenues, while the sales and marketing stood at 

                                                                                       
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
around 30%. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 1.72% and reason for 
declining EBITDA margins were primarily due to the increased investment 
in R&D and sales and marketing. Also reiterating the fact that the revenues 
are seasonal whereas the costs are not. We have increased our R&D effort 
to cater to the bright opportunities of the market. As Sanjay detailed out 
in his commentary. In Q1 FY23 sales and marketing expenses were higher 
by 9% on YOY basis at a consolidated level across the two verticals, which 
we believe will show results in the ensuing quarters in terms of revenue 
growth. The net profit stood at about Rupees 0.2 crores. We are 
committed to driving shareholder value by growing profitably across both 
of our segments and driving solid unlevered cash flow. We have constantly 
rewarded our shareholders through buybacks and dividend distribution 
programs and have returned rupees 436 crores towards shareholders 
since FY20. And in addition to this we have proposed further buyback of 
rupees 150 crores. With this I would like to open the call for question and 
answer session.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine 
Rivers Capital. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Ganguly: 
One quick question on the buyback, would the promoters be also 
participating in the buyback.  
Navin Sharma:  
Yes, promoter would be participated and they would be participating 
proportionately. Basics the numbers the promoters have communicate 
means broadly, 36.4 lakh equity shares out of this, 50 lakh shares would 
be promoter’s participation which is the proportionate number.  
Vivek Ganguly: 
And I had another question on the enterprise business. So in the 
presentation you all have mentioned the Seqrite HawkkEye, HawkkProtect 

                                                                                       
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
a couple of presentations earlier we had two products that were 
highlighted there and during this communication you had mentioned that 
what you're launching now it'll start earning revenue or it will gain traction 
about three to five quarters down the line. And while we already have 
about a run rate of about, let's say 80-90 crores of enterprise revenue 
already flowing in, so what is the differential that we are in alluding to that 
we as investors are not getting it? That this, the Seqrite Hawkk products, 
Seqrite Hunt these would be the new Gen product that you're 
launching. But are these already garnering revenue or these will garner 
revenue for you all going forward? And if so then what is the differential 
between the current contours of the current enterprise revenue that you 
will have from the product from a product perspective and the one that 
will be your future revenue drivers.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
So to answer that, see you rightly mentioned we have been 
mentioning about these products. And investor presentation does have 
the list of the new products that we launched. The current enterprise 
revenue that we are seeing are coming from our existing business as usual 
products, which is like endpoint security and firewall and EMM, which is 
an enterprise mobility management. But in most particularly the things the 
revenues are coming from endpoint security as such. So that's our 
stronghold and our market segment which we target, which is SMB. The 
EPS product is quite ready and competing with any of the MNCs in this 
category. With the launch of HawkkHunt which is EDR and then further we 
are extending it to XDR and the other products like ZTUA. All these 
products are for the newer market that are getting generated. Is getting 
created because of the new way people are thinking about implementing 
security and we want to be addressing those markets as well. So that's 
where our investment into these products. And these products 1.0 have 
been already launched and these are in the beta. I mean to say pilot testing 

                                                                                       
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
with a lot of organizations wherein we'll get the feedback, we'll customize 
it further, make it market fit ready. So that's where we say it's going to take 
four to five quarters further to start generating revenue out of that. So 
those are the new products which has a different and additional revenue 
potential which will add up to our enterprise revenue.  
Kailash Katkar:  
So just to add to that, this is not something which is going to replace the 
existing Enterprise Products. Even those products are equally needed by 
the same customer and this zero trust will be additional product solutions 
for the customer.  
Vivek Ganguly: 
So these products that we have mentioned with Seqrite products will be 
over and above the endpoint product revenue line that you all have now 
you all right.  
Kailash Katkar:  
Yes.  
Vivek Ganguly: 
Would you all be able to take us through we are pretty layman investors 
we don't understand the technicalities of this space too much. But if you 
can take us and help us understand what each of these HawkkEye, 
HawkkHunt what is the role that they perform in the cyber security 
ecosystem each of them that will be very helpful because that is what we 
have been like struggling to understand while this enterprise is as you say, 
is the future bread and butter with the retail being flattish or on a flattish 
at best. So if you could help us understand that, then it would make us take 
a much more informed investment decision.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
Right, so see the EPS, which is for business as usual for us is about endpoint 
security. But now the endpoint security is not the enough security which is 
coming up because of the new threat landscape. So we've started working 
on this new product so HawkkHunt is about endpoint detection and 

                                                                                       
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
response so EDR is a short form and EDR is about protecting the network 
from most much advance rate, giving control to the user to check the 
telemetry when we go through the sensor telemetry and take the decision 
so it's more towards protecting from advanced threats like a PT’s 
advanced. Persistent attacks that are happening nowadays actually and 
the ZTUA product is all about zero trust user access, which gives an 
additional layer of protection from making sure then when any of the 
organizations any of the users, whoever is connected to the network and 
not only users, it’s going to be devices, all these are like going to change to 
a new platform which is zero trust wherein no devices or no user will be 
trusted every time the user will be authenticated and allowed into the 
network. So that kind of security is a much advanced security needed for 
larger enterprises to handle the advanced threats that we see nowadays 
so ZTUA is an additional layer which is recommended by most of the like 
companies like Gartner and all recommend it to all the large enterprises to 
get protected from the advanced threat and the third product that we 
have coming up is in the data privacy segment where newer data privacy 
laws which are going to come and in certain countries it is already 
implemented. There are lot of compliance is that enterprises need to 
follow and these compliances need lot of tools which we bring in like for 
the product that we launched, which is HawkkScan it scans all the data at 
the user end and classifies them into different buckets and gives easy 
control for user to take further decisions. So all this is like the markets are 
getting ready for these kind of products and we are making sure that we 
have products in all these of the segments so that we will be able to grab 
certain share of the market. So if you see focused market potential in these 
categories is around 700 million (current market size), globally, I'm talking 
about and so. This I'm talking about to reach 1.9 Billion roughly by FY27. 

                                                                                       
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
So in next five years and that's where we want to grab some market share 
out of these products as we launch and stabilize this code section.  
Vivek Ganguly: 
You mentioned about HawkkEye and HawkkProtect, what about 
HawkkHunt and HawkkScan.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
No, I mentioned about HawkkHunt and HawkKScan. So EDR is HawkkHunt, 
data privacy is HawkkScan and HawkkEye is a centralized dashboard for us, 
which is a demand coming from all the I mean enterprises, where in all 
these products when the customers implement, they want everything to 
be on a single dashboard or single pane of glass. Where they can control 
all the applications on one single dashboard so that HawkkEye is a platform 
where all these products get logged in and the user gets centralized control 
over that. So that's again a good demand that is coming and we have a 
launched HawkkEye which has now integrated EPS, EDR and HawkkScan as 
well and very soon HawkkProtect so all these products will be a part of 
HawkkEye and HawkkEye is going to be a centralized dashboard for the 
control for any source that they will managing their infrastructure  
Vivek Ganguly: 
And what does HawkkProtect do.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
HawkkProtect is a zero trust user access actually, so that's what I said, 
ZTUA.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from 
CCIPL. Please go ahead.  
Gunit Singh:  
I just have a small question regarding the share buyback. So could you just 
share some more details about the buyback like the buyback price and 
when it is expected?  

                                                                                       
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Navin Sharma:  
So broadly, the offer size is a 150 crore and the buyback is proposed at 
₹300 per share, which translate into 50 lakh shares which is broadly 8.6% 
of total paid up capital. We are going through tender route and timelines 
etc., while there are means SEBI etc comes into play. But broadly we 
expect the Buyback to get concluded in three and a half to four months.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL, 
please go ahead.  
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much for the generous buyback, Sir but the only thing is 
that we are giving a unrealistic price of ₹300 for the whole idea is that since 
our PAT is flat since FY18 at around 83 crores, but still due to your buybacks 
our EPS has increased from 11.8 to 14.34. So since our CMP was around 
₹200, we could have done a buy back at ₹250 and instead of 50 lakh shares 
we could have bought an extinguished 60 lacks shares. So basically our 
EPS would have increased further, whereas the shareholders would have 
got the same 150 crores. So in future kindly keep that in mind and if it is 
possible to revise the buyback price then please do so and also we are 
unnecessarily paying 30% dividend and if we can just pay a token dividend 
then we can do more buy back. So you can kindly consider that suggestion 
and also wanted to understand Sir going forward for this financial year 
FY23 what is the expectation, will we be able to pass 140 crore EBITDA that 
we did in FY21 because I understand that there was some spillover that 
year from the previous year.  
Navin Sharma:  
So as I understood, you have two things. One was a larger suggestion with 
respect to buyback and dividend. So probably board has taken lot of 
considerations, lot of factors etc were considered by board and they come 
to that number, but nevertheless we will keep it in mind in during next 
transaction if the board approves any buyback in future. Second with 

                                                                                       
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
respect to EBITDA, see larger part is revenue growth. What we are 
factoring and we have been communicating even in past and similar. We 
are communicating again this time that retail business which is broadly 2/3 
of our business. Globally this business, the retail segment is growing at 4% 
and in India. This growth in retail segment is barely 1%. So broadly with 
this, our expectation for full year to remain in similar range. What India or 
global numbers are enterprise business is business which is growing at a 
faster rate. Globally it is growing at 11% and we expect to grow better than 
global numbers and this is how we perform in last year. And similarly we 
believe that and even the same performance was there in quarter one as 
well. With respect to EBITDA, it would be difficult to comment on EBITDA 
number, largely because we are investing heavily on R&D and sales and 
marketing for our retail business and R&D, primarily for our 
enterprise business and you know that entire IT industry is facing a cost 
escalation and we are no different from that. So what we are targeting is 
reasonable growth in revenue and to the extent possible, we'll keep 
optimizing our cost to have a better bottom line.  
Keshav Garg : 
And also basically whatever R&D we are doing, we are debiting it from the 
P&L so do we have any Capex plans or whatever R&D we are doing that is 
basically our Capex.  
Navin Sharma:  
Capex is limited, is very limited number means in our large scheme of 
things Capex is insignificant. R&D is our major investment which happens.  
Keshav Garg : 
And  also wanted to understand that we are paying normal tax rate. I think 
that for R&D we get some income tax deduction, so our tax rate should be 
lower than normal since we are spending so much on R&D  

                                                                                       
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Navin Sharma: 
No, the tax benefit R&D was available 3-4 years ago in last 3-4 years that 
deduction and 35-280 was abolished and it says there is no tax benefit for 
R&D.  
Keshav Garg : 
OK Sir, and Sir lastly wanted to understand so that post COVID there was 
huge increase in sale of IT product like PC and laptop etc. Sir around 50% 
increase in sales. So how is it not reflecting in our revenues? I mean on the 
retail side because I mean if more people are buying IT equipment and in 
one call you did mention that for the first six months the equipment comes 
with free antivirus. So now that those six months are over so now people 
should be purchasing antivirus software.  
Navin Sharma: 
Lack of consumer awareness is the biggest issue in India. Broadly, 20% to 
25% laptops are only covered through antivirus. While this is a big 
opportunity for us, the moment this 20%-25% improves to 45%-50% or 
even it's a higher the way it is in developed countries. It provides a larger 
window opportunity, but as of now this consumer awareness is very low. 
More particularly in India. So while we are working to improve it the way 
to improve this will help us increasing our revenue as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatinder Agarwal, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Jatinder Agarwal: 
I have two questions the first is a data point for the next question is related 
to it. So if you look at your last year revenue, how much of your revenues 
came from outside India and within that what is happening globally in 
terms of recent geopolitical events, specifically with Russia and Ukraine, is 
there anything you would like to share your thoughts in terms of how the 
macro environment for your business changes. For the product that you 
send overseas. And my second question is related to the Government of 
India. My understanding of technology is very weak, so if you could just 

                                                                                       
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
explain correctly regulations which are upcoming and how does that 
impact our business for the enterprise business within India? So these are 
the questions, thank you.  
Navin Sharma: 
We could not hear your questions question no 2 so you would like to 
repeat it, but with respect to our revenue, we are currently we are India 
focused, India Centric company. More than 95% of our revenue comes 
from India. For say with this Russia Ukraine war. As of now it has not 
impacted us. Probably when we decide to go global it then we will see that 
what could be consequence, repercussions of these things. This is answer 
for question number one. If you can repeat your question no 2.  
Jatinder Agarwal: 
My second question is related to some news articles which I have read 
where the Government of India is coming out with some new cyber 
security regulations that are to be implemented by end of September, is 
what I understand. So what are those regulations basically? Because it says 
that it impacts large corporates and mid corporates together in terms of 
data privacy or whatever. Is there something that you would like to share 
so as to better understand what are those regulations and how does it 
impact our business?  
Sanjay Katkar: 
So I mean it's the data privacy regulation is in discussions in Indian 
government since at least more than a year now we are hoping that it 
should come by next September, but it's like it has been delayed a lot. But 
if those the data protection regulations is just like if you see in, it's just like 
GDPR in EU actually European Union. So once these data privacy laws are 
into effect enterprises will have to work towards protecting the data that 
they are collecting, especially the PII data that they collect from their 
customers or vendors. And that's where it will become more 
stringent. We'll have to protect the data at the same time they will be held 

                                                                                       
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
responsible, liable for any kind of data breach that happens and prefix debt 
on the repercussions of those breach actually, so that will at least bring in 
further awareness among the enterprises and they will have to spend on 
the data protection related products. So our data privacy. I mean our 
product that will be helpful in. This will be about the HawkkScan, which is 
all about data scanning, classification and applying policies and rules 
around that actually. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Dhairya Visaria, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Dhairya Visaria:  
So I am new to the company so please excuse me if I ask some basic 
questions. So the first question which I have is the retail business growth 
has been flat year on year and almost half quarter on quarter, so from your 
commentary understand the focus is low on this vertical but can you 
explain what was the industry growth during this same period and are we 
losing market share to appears if and if so, can you name some of these 
peers? And lastly, the sales and the marketing expense has increased 
significantly. Then why is the growth still slow?  
Navin Sharma:  
With respect to your question on retail, could see that globally the 
consumer industry is growing at 4%. In India the growth is literally flatissh. 
It's barely at 1%. If you compare it with our last 2-3 years performance, we 
have grown at lower single digit as compared to a 1% growth in India. This 
is part number one with respect to our growth in sales, see larger expense 
on these sales and marketing. So we are looking to focus towards the 
digital mode for increasing demand and broadening the pipeline and leads 
through digital channel. We are also looking forward to optimize our digital 
presence through a search engine optimization and marketing, but these 
are long term investment and it would be not right to expect results on 

                                                                                       
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
immediate basis and probably because our investment in sales and 
marketing was the only factor which has helped us in growing up the retail 
business in last 2-3 years as compared to flat market.  
Sanjay Katkar: 
And to add to that I'll say we are not like only focus on enterprise. The 
focus is on both. Only thing is a consumer is on a different trajectory so the 
retail products are facing what is the trend in the market. But at the same 
time we are maintaining our market share. And trying to see where and 
how we can further grow into that, but we are definitely holding our 
market.  
Navin Sharma:  
And just to add our market share currently in India is highest means we 
have 30 plus percent market share and we are leader in retail segment in 
India.  
Dhairya Visaria:  
My second question would be like on the enterprise side. So can you 
elaborate what kind of clients are we catering to? If you could give a mix 
of industries or client profile that would be helpful. Also, what are the 
average deal sizes and how many clients are we catering to currently and 
what is our average gross margins or EBITDA margin on these projects and 
lastly, what is our average timeline on all these projects?  
Sanjay Katkar: 
 So we currently have around a strong presence in SMB segment and we 
believe it covers around 15% to 20% in Indian SMB. So we have 15% to 20% 
market share in SMB segment for the endpoint security market. So we 
have also been shifting towards the larger consumer and to protect a good 
number of quality logos so some of them might be included like if I have to 
name few customers, it's like BITs Pilani or like Fino payment bank, Emami 
Cement. So any organization having IT infrastructure is our potential 
customer and that's what we target them to sell our Endpoint security 
product.  

                                                                                       
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Dhairya Visaria:  
OK, so yeah, that's it from my side.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
There's no particular vertical that we are focusing. It's like throughout 
across the vertical. We are across different verticals we target our 
customers for endpoint security and then currently like adding new 
products that we are launching in current fields.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from 
BMSPL Capital, please go ahead.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
 I basically just had one question is this 20 crores of enterprise revenue for 
the quarter which is basically 33% of 61 crores total revenue how much is 
the sale to private corporates and how much is it to government so out of 
your 80 crores of revenue coming from enterprise. How much percent of 
this 80 is to private corporates and how much is this to government?  
Navin Sharma:  
So broadly these type of information normally we don't disclose to the 
outside means to anyone. So this is a big confidential and proprietary 
information for us.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
But then how do private investors, or potential investors watch on 
enterprise growth? Your private corporate growth? OK, tell us how much 
you're over the last five years. How much has the sale to private corporates 
grown on a CAGR basis?  
Navin Sharma: 
The growth is similar both in government, so limited information. What I 
can share with you broadly. The CAGR growth for government and private 
customer similar a predominant sales comes from private sector sales 
only.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhusudan Bohra an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  

                                                                                       
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Madhusudan Bohra:  Mr. Kailash, I want to ask you about the growth in revenue and net profit 
over a period of time. I see over a period of three to five years, our revenue 
has grown just by at least 3%, which is not even beating the inflation which 
we have in India. Even my revenue if I see between three years the net 
profit growth is around 8% in five years, it's just minus 3%. And so what I'm 
saying is there's no growth as an investor. If I want to go and look at the 
company, I don't see any anything changing in the company because if I 
see it from last three year 2015 or 14. Or revenue is just throwing around 
300 goes mark.  I don't know what is the reason like technical neither I 
understand now I want to understand. I just want to ask management first, 
are they satisfied with their own performance that last so many years 
there's no growth in revenue?  Nothing happening in perfect terms, so 
only as an investor I can see is buybacks coming because you have a cash 
reserve which is allowing you to make the buyback at a good price, which 
is something which is luring the investors. But apart from that, can you just 
tell me first, as Mr. Kailash, are you satisfied with the performance of the 
company yourself? Second, what is a growth plan as, you must have had 
some vision for three to five years for yourself and for your company? So 
what kind of revenue you are targeting for next three to five years 
your plan what kind of net profit you are targeting, whether you some 
spillover goes from quarter to another quarter or some quarter. There is 
some expenses hit comes, whatever happens, but as total three to five 
years. What is your vision for revenue and what is your vision for net 
profit? Second, Sir I see working capital is cycle is around 100 days, last 3-
4 years. Is there any chance that we can cut down this hundred days 
working capital cycle and the third in the presentation it was given that 
over period of time you have rewarded ₹75 per share to the shareholders 
so just wanted to know how this figure has calculated.  

                                                                                       
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Kailash Katkar: 
So there are around two to three questions which you have raised, so you 
mentioned about the revenue growth and the bottom line growth part of 
it. So definitely I understand the revenue growth percentages are less 
compatible to the expenses growth, which has happened in the 
organization, but whatever the expenses are happening is like sort of 
investment in into the futuristic products which we are working on, like a 
zero trust and data privacy part of it and these investments were there for 
last 2.5-3 years almost.  And apart from that, even the current business as 
usual product in that also we need to do lot of upgradation, part of it and 
new next generation development is required. So it is not into the 
maintenance mode but it is towards like developing the next generation 
existing business as usual products part of it. If you don't work on that for 
the new upgradation part of it, you will be out of the market so entire all 
competition work on that and we have to also work on that based on the 
new digital world coming up. Based on that, we have to work towards it 
and what I wanted to see that from a revenue point of view. Of course the 
revenue is being generated by the existing product which is business as 
usual and the new product which I am talking about a zero trust and data 
privacy. We are still into the development mode. Some of the products 
have already came out into the market as a beta version. As I said in my 
speech, one of the zero trust product has we have captured 1 payed 
customer in this quarter this is this was the first customer for ZTUA that is 
a zero trust user access product. And in coming future when I see that the 
other products also will get launched into the market, they will also start 
generating the revenue part of it.  
Madhusudan Bohra:  So my question was about two things. One are you satisfied with the 
performance? Second is that kind of we want a outlook on not on the 
products what we launched or the maintenance because my interest is 

                                                                                       
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
more on what is your revenue target or CAGR growth target for the next 
three to five years? And what is the net profit for these target.  
Kailash Katkar:  
See definitely if you are asking me if I am satisfied with the performance, I 
will say yes, I'm satisfied and let me tell you as a promoter we have major 
stake in this organization. If I would have not been satisfied, I would have 
thought of diluting my stake. I am very much confident about the 
company, about the product, about the product releases and everything. 
And as I said in earlier investor calls, also my focus is in coming two years 
they will reach to 50-50 ratio about the revenue ratio of 50-50 percent 
from a retail as well as the enterprise part of it. That is my confidence 
which give that to comfort zone for myself and my other colleagues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaga Kumar, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Jaga Kumar: 
So my question is in line with that previous question we as a company both 
retail and enterprise, so we are not considering anything about the brand 
building like doing the ads for I have seen we are doing a regional basis but 
wherever we are not concerned about the national level, something like a 
brand gamble there or something. They're not putting in there. We are 
very slow our decision making very less, but when it comes to dividend and 
buy back so the promoters are participating in buybacks, including, 
so promoters are getting the money from the type. There is nothing wrong 
in it, but. Rather than getting that money in that case. If the company value 
is doubled, so now company state is 12.5, so it will be more value. So 
whatever the cash 150 Cr. we are having, why don't we use it for the brand 
building? And also when you say I used in the L7 on the company between 
investment is very miniscule. So considering the competition, we don't 
have a major clients or any IPS. This top companies which are having more 

                                                                                       
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
than 50,000 employees, so we are not having any that claim. So I think 
what maybe in the linear page we are lacking, or something like a product 
team or different CEO who has a different mindset so minor changes 
required? While we are growing that decision making in one side and 
about paid dividends are just getting a buy back to growth there, so that's 
why we are just getting the right. So that is the one question.  
Navin Sharma:  
Your question was long, I could able to understand three-part in your 
question. One you are talking about whether we are doing right exercise 
for branding for better branding for our products, or let's say a better 
brand presence. This was first question second, why promoters are 
participating in buyback and 3rd question was with respect to our 
investment in Israel. So with respect to with respect to brand recognition 
etc.  See while we appreciate suggestions from everyone, but we have 
experts who work for us who decide that what is right brand building 
methodology or technique for product like us or distribution channel like 
us it cannot go in one direction. A lot of efforts are required and lot of 
multiple way of branding is being done and that is being taken care by 
experts. Thanks for your suggestion. We will keep it in mind for any making 
any strategy. Second part with respect to participation of promoters. See, 
you might be aware that promoters share is 70% to 73% in the organization 
if our buyback happens without participation from promoter, then 
certainly their shareholding would increase beyond 75% which is not 
permissible under SEBI law. Hence if the money has to return to 
shareholder through buyback route participation of promotors must and 
similar in similar way. Even if we choose for dividend which is which takes 
higher leakage tax leakage there also, it goes to promoters. So probably 
your question with respect to buy back probably is not rational, I would say 
and 3rd part with respect to investment in Israel. Probably you need to 
understand that the technology which this Israeli company has where our 

                                                                                       
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
investment that is different from what technology we have this is a 
technology of future. And while the investment is small, but we have a 
sizable stake in this order in this entity, and this entity is moving in right 
direction through product development etc. Had our investments were 
not made in endpoint security 5-7 years ago when we were predominantly 
taking a lead on retail business. Probably this entity currently would have 
been at minus 82 or 85 crore revenue. What this this endpoint security or 
enterprise business has delivered. So probably as a business we need to 
understand and appreciate that one while we keep looking that however 
current is but at the same time we need to keep feeding a things for future 
and exactly that was what management is doing, but nevertheless we keep 
ourselves challenge every time we keep checking our strategy and that's 
why we have on boarded. As we said that we have on boarded one of the 
big three multinational consulting firm who is helping in making right 
strategy for the company for future. Hope this addresses all three parts of 
your question.  
Jaga Kumar: 
So second part of my question is we are launching a new product, so on 
the new product where we acquired on client, so actually that is good to 
know. So just to show light, maybe to you, I'm not asking you giving at 
Outlook or something just to see so these products. How we are speaking 
to the customer. Maybe the prices they are using and then now we are just 
speaking to the existing customers. So just maybe if you can, I understand 
something like confidential information, but still what is your approach 
about new products? And also is there any the term investments we need 
to rebuild or rebrand or rematch so we have enough money to take care 
even if we add this buyback and all. 
Nain Sharma:  
 These are products, so probably one size fits all would not the right thing 
here. So we have a large client base and we are picking these product to 

                                                                                       
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
our existing client as well as new clients where the requirement is because 
just because we have product we cannot sale it, it requires a pull from 
client as well and 3rd with respect to buyback even after the taking care of 
this buyback and dividend etc we would have close to 200 crore rupees 
available in our books which shall be used for right organic and inorganic 
growth opportunities. Exactly the way we keep doing. In fact, in last two 
years we have invested close to ₹150 crores in R&D in the organization, 
which takes care of both our existing product making features in existing 
product or improving features in existing product as well as developing 
new products.  
Jaga Kumar: 
If I can see the last question, so the how is attrition and how it is attrition 
like how it is impacting [inaudible].  
Navin Sharma: 
 Yes, over attrition is marginally lesser than industry standard, so you must 
have seen result of lot of IT companies how their attrition is, our industry 
is slightly lower than industry standards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj from Mag9 Energies 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead.  
Nikunj: 
My question is relating what is the approach that we are having to market 
our products in the enterprise business right now, as you mentioned, we 
having a stronghold in small and medium enterprises. What is the 
approach to market when new product name to create awareness and so 
that's my question.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
So as we launch a new product, we have our team which looks at the 
addressable market and the way marketing plans their approach towards 
reaching out to the target customers’ in those segment. One, as Navin 
rightly explained, we also pitch the newer products to our existing 

                                                                                       
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
customers as well as we approach newer customers; approach is through 
multiple ways. We held lot of events CIOs and CISOs in different 
metropolitan cities in India as well as reach out to certain forums like CISO 
forum or any other forums where in CIO forum DSCI wherein we are able 
to reach out to more and more CISOs and CIOs who are the decision 
makers with respect to these kind of products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question. Is from the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine 
Rivers Capital. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Ganguly:  
I had the one question who would be in the Seqrite space who would be 
your main competitors and the suit of products that you talking of as far 
as their concerned, are they already there in the market from a 
competitor's perspective and are we like playing if I may use the term catch 
up to introduce these products in the market.  
Sanjay Katkar:  
So in enterprise segment our competition basis or current portfolio would 
be companies like Trend Micro, SOPHOS even MCAfee say at some 
point. And this is the next generation product of zero trust and data 
privacy. We are developing in-house. We would be competing with 
companies like ZScalar, One trust and even certain regular security 
vendors like and SOPHOS and Symantec.  
Vivek Ganguly:  
And their products would already be there, be there in the market. They're 
already catering to the enterprise segment.  
Sanjay Katkar: 
No early stage products are there and not mature products. So there are 
certain companies like One Trust is having level of maturity but most of the 
competition is having early stage products at this this time for the newer.  
Vivek Ganguly:  
And would all of them like say you'll have classified your products into 
three or four categories. Whether it's the dashboard or the ZTUA. So 

                                                                                       
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
would they be also classifying their products along similar lines or they will 
be randomized?  
Sanjay Katkar:  
Yes it's on almost on the same.  
Vivek Ganguly:  
And with these four products you all would be completing your suite or 
you all would require to have, you all would plan to introduce more such 
granular products.  
Sanjay Katkar: 
 So looking at the awareness and the demand, the basic needs will be 
covering with these products actually, and as the majority of the customers 
grow by then, we'll be looking at how to introduce the further suite of 
products. So we are doing research on that front as well.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. As there are no further questions. I now have the conference 
over to the management of Quick Heal Technologies Limited for closing 
comments.  
Navin Sharma:  
Thank you all for participating in this earnings call. I hope we have been 
able to answer your question satisfactorily. If you have any further 
questions or you would like to know more about the company, please 
reach out to our Investor Relations manager at Valorem advisors. Thank 
you. Stay safe and healthy.  
Moderator:  
Thank you on behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
  
 
 
