 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower, 
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
 
 
July 27, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the call with media on financial results for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2022. The same can be accessed on the link:  
 
https://www.icicibank.com/aboutus/news.page 
 
This is for your records and information. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Ranjan
Digitally signed by Vivek Ranjan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=e202014091290741f7276b0
e49a399ab80befeea1d60c04e92c730
37bebb2901, postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6db6a9f19dc6558191c
afc901bde18c0194ae87dd3ff4bfdcbc
9961d94e56cea, cn=Vivek Ranjan 
Date: 2022.07.27 15:11:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
ICICI Bank Limited 
Media conference call for quarter ended June 30, 2022 
on July 23, 2022 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning 
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to qualify 
for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, 
international economic and business conditions, political or economic instability in the jurisdictions 
where we have operations, increase in non-performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest 
rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in 
business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking 
products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic which could result in 
fewer business opportunities, lower revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing 
assets and provisions, depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic 
extends, the remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken 
for economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as other risks detailed 
in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-
looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable 
as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could 
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. 
 
This content does not constitute an offer of securities. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to ICICI Bank’s results conference call with Mr. 
Sandeep Batra – Executive Director, ICICI Bank and Mr. Anindya Banerjee – Group Chief 
Financial Officer, ICICI Bank. Mr. Batra will now give you an overview of the results, which 
will be followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Good evening everyone. Joining me today for this call is our Group Chief Financial Officer- 
Anindya Banerjee. Thank you all for joining us today. We hope that you are safe and in 
good health.  
At ICICI Bank, we aim to grow the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
a 360-degree customer-centric approach and by focusing on ecosystems and micro-
markets. We continue to operate within our strategic framework and strengthen our 
franchise, enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand our technology and 
digital offerings. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
Our Board has today approved the financial results of ICICI Bank for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2022. I would like to highlight some key numbers: 
A. Profit and capital 
1. Core operating profit that is profit before provisions and tax, excluding treasury income 
grew by 19% year-on-year to ₹ 10,273 crore in Q1-2023. Excluding dividend income 
from subsidiaries and associates, core operating profit grew by 21% year-on-year in 
Q1-2023. 
2. Net interest income increased by 21% year-on-year to ₹ 13,210 crore in Q1-2023.  
3. The net interest margin was 4.01% in Q1-2023 compared to 3.89% in Q1-2022 and 
4.00% in Q4-2022. 
4. Fee income grew by 32% year-on-year to ₹ 4,243 crore in Q1-2023 from ₹ 3,219 crore 
in Q1-2022. 
5. The profit after tax grew by 50% year-on-year to ₹ 6,905 crore in Q1-2023. 
6. The consolidated profit after tax grew by 55% year-on-year to ₹ 7,385 crore in Q1-2023 
from ₹ 4,763 crore in Q1-2022. 
7. The standalone RoE was 15.9% in Q1-2023. 
8. At June 30, 2022, the Bank had a net worth of about ₹ 1.8 lakh crore. Including profits 
for Q1-2023, CET-1 ratio was 17.23%, Tier 1 ratio was 17.95% and total capital 
adequacy ratio was 18.74%. 
 
B. Deposit growth 
1. Total period-end deposits increased by 13% year-on-year to ₹ 10,50,349 crore at June 
30, 2022. 
2. Average current account deposits increased by 23% year-on-year and 3% sequentially 
in Q1-2023. 
3. Average savings account deposits increased by 19% year-on-year and 4% sequentially 
in Q1-2023. 
4. Period-end term deposits increased by 11% year-on-year to ₹ 5,58,235 crore at June 
30, 2022. 
 
C. Loan growth  
1. The overall loan portfolio grew by 21% year-on-year and 4% sequentially at June 30, 
2022. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 22% year-on-year and 4% sequentially at 
June 30, 2022.  

 
Page 3 of 19 
2. The retail loan portfolio, excluding rural loans, grew by 24% year-on-year at June 30, 
2022. Including non-fund outstanding, the retail loan portfolio was 44.0% of the total 
portfolio at June 30, 2022. The rural portfolio grew by 8% year-on- year. The business 
banking portfolio grew by 45% year-on-year. The SME business, comprising 
borrowers with a turnover of less than ₹ 250 crore grew by 32% year-on-year. Growth 
in the domestic wholesale banking portfolio was 14% year-on-year at June 30, 2022.  
3. 72.9% of the total loan portfolio, excluding, retail and rural, was rated A- and above at 
June 30, 2022 
 
D. Digital initiatives  
1. There have been 73 lakh activations from non-ICICI Bank account holders on our 
mobile banking app, iMobile Pay as of end-June 2022. The value of transactions by 
non-ICICI Bank account holders on iMobile Pay grew by 35% sequentially in Q1-2023.  
2. The value of credit card spends in the current quarter grew by 13% sequentially and 
was two times the value of spends in Q1-2022 driven by improvement in discretionary 
spending, higher activation rate through digital onboarding of customers, including 
Amazon Pay credit cards, and diversification through commercial cards. The Bank has 
issued more than 3.2 million Amazon Pay credit cards since its launch.  
3. During the quarter, we launched Campus Power, an online platform providing various 
banking solutions such as loans, bank accounts, foreign exchange remittances and 
value added services to the student ecosystem for higher education in India and 
abroad. 
4. The value of the Bank’s merchant acquiring transactions through UPI in Q1-2023 grew 
by 27% sequentially and was 2.3 times the value of transactions in Q1-2022. The Bank 
is the market leader in electronic toll collections through FASTag. The Bank had a 
market share of about 32% by value in electronic toll collections through FASTag in 
Q1-2023, with a 53% year-on-year growth in collections. 
5. The business banking and SME franchise continues to grow on the back of digital 
offerings and platforms like InstaBIZ. The value of financial transactions on InstaBIZ 
grew by 57% year-on-year in Q1-2023. Recently, we have further enhanced the open 
architecture based features of InstaBIZ. Various features of the app are now available 
to all merchants including those who do not have a current account with the Bank. 
Through ‘InstaOD Plus’, customers of any bank can avail an overdraft up to ` 25 lakhs 
instantly. Customers of ICICI Bank can activate the OD into their current account 

 
Page 4 of 19 
instantly, while customers of other banks can do so after opening of a current account 
with the Bank digitally by using Video KYC. There have been about 1.2 lakh 
registrations from non-ICICI Bank account holders on InstaBIZ till June 30, 2022. 
6. The Bank’s supply chain solutions, DigitalLite and CorpConnect, enable corporates to 
seamlessly manage their supply chain financing and payments, collection and 
reconciliation requirements of their dealers and vendors in a convenient and paperless 
manner. The value of transactions through these supply chain solutions in Q1-2023 
was 2.4 times the value of transactions in Q1-2022.  
7. Recently, the Bank launched a revamped OneSCF, an integrated supply chain platform 
providing corporate customers, their vendors and dealers with a one-stop solution to 
efficiently manage their working capital requirements. 
8. The Bank has created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide bespoke 
and purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their ecosystems. The 
volume of payment and collection transactions through API based solutions in Q1-2023 
was 3.7 times the volume of transactions in Q1-2022. 
 
E.  Asset Quality 
1. The net NPA ratio declined to 0.70% at June 30, 2022 from 0.76% at March 31, 2022 
and 1.16% at June 30, 2021 
2. During Q1-2023, there were net additions to gross NPAs of ₹ 382 crore compared to net 
deletions of ₹ 489 crore in Q4-2022. Recoveries and upgrades of NPAs, excluding write-
offs and sale, were ₹ 5,443 crore in Q1-2023.  
3. The gross NPAs written off were ` 1,126 crore in Q1-2023. 
4. The Bank sold gross NPAs amounting to ` 13 crore in Q1-2023 on a cash basis. 
5. The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs was 79.6% at June 30, 2022. 
6. The total fund based outstanding to all borrowers under resolution as per the various 
extant regulations declined to ₹ 7,376 crore or 0.8% of total advances at June 30, 2022 
from ₹ 8,267 crore at March 31, 2022. The Bank holds provisions amounting to ₹ 2,290 
crore against these borrowers under resolution, as of June 30, 2022. 
7. The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing borrowers rated BB and below 
reduced to ` 8,209 crore at June 30, 2022 from ` 10,808 crore at March 31, 2022. 
8. The total provisions during the quarter were ₹ 1,144 crore or about 11.1% of core 
operating profit and about 0.53% of average advances. This includes contingency 

 
Page 5 of 19 
provisions of ₹ 1,050 crore made on a prudent basis. The Bank held contingency 
provisions of ₹ 8,500 crore at June 30, 2022. 
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to grow the core operating profit in a risk-
calibrated manner. In order to leverage these opportunities, we have reorganized our 
business teams. Cities with large concentrated market opportunities have been organised 
under ‘city business heads’ covering the full spectrum of ecosystems. We have also 
focused on strengthening the workforce by skilling and providing cross-functional 
opportunities. We will continue to make investments in technology, people, distribution 
and building our brand. 
Going forward, we will continue to operate within our strategic framework while focusing 
on micro markets and ecosystems. The principles of “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” and 
“One Bank, One RoE” will guide our operations. We focus on building a culture where 
every employee in the Bank serves customers with humility and upholds the values of 
brand ICICI. We aim to be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our 
customers and deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. I will be happy to take your questions. 
 
Moderator:   
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the Q&A session with Mr. Batra and Mr. 
Banerjee. Since today's announcement is on the Bank's Q1 Results, we would like to 
request you to ask questions which are only related to the Bank’s financial performance. If 
you have any other query, please write to the corporate communications team separately. 
Due to time constraints, I request all of you not to ask more than two questions at a time. 
If you have additional queries, you may join the queue again. Thank you.  
 
We will take the first question from the line of Vishwanath Nair from Bloomberg Quint. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vishwanath Nair:  
Sorry, the Company's name is BQ Prime. Just clarifying, sir, this quarter has seen elevated 
slippages at least on a sequential basis. I mean, this quarter, you saw net additions versus 
compared to net additions last quarter. I saw the presentation, most of this is coming from 

 
Page 6 of 19 
your retail business banking SME book. Can you throw a little bit more color, what is 
happening there? How are these numbers going up? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, I think you are right. But I think we have been mentioning this for some time now that 
for retail portfolio, it is the net additions that you should be looking at rather than gross 
numbers because in addition to the gross additions, there is an equivalent amount of a 
gross addition, which has also happened. So, if you see our numbers for the quarter, we 
added about Rs. 5,800 crore and we also removed Rs. 5,400 crore. And a lot of it, if you 
see both additions and the deletions are in the retail segment. So, overall, I think the 
numbers are looking pretty healthy. The net additions is only Rs. 382 crore, Vishwanath. 
Vishwanath Nair:  
But I am just curious to understand what is happening on the retail portfolio that you are 
seeing fresh additions at this rate? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, there is nothing abnormal about it. It is just the technical things in retail portfolio. 
Sometimes there is an out of order thing because of a technical reason and we have to 
classify them as gross additions, and then they are removed in the next quarter. So, there 
is nothing very specific to call out on this. 
I also just want to add one more thing; KCC does not get recognized every quarter. There 
is a large amount of initiatives which have happened on account of KCC, during this 
quarter. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, typically, in India here, in the first and third quarter of every financial year, if you look 
back over the last few years, the NPL additions are a little bit higher because that is when 
the KCC, the Kisan Credit Card NPLs get recognized based on the sort of billing and 
repayment cycle of that card. 
Vishwanath Nair:  
The other question I had was with regard to the loan growth portfolio. Now, there again 
the growth is largely coming from business banking, and I mean, the credit card portfolio 
has also grown. What is the strategy there? Are you looking to maintain this 21% sort of a 

 
Page 7 of 19 
number going ahead at least on the overall advances? This 21% number is quite high 
compared to the rest of the industry. 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
   Vishwanath, as we have been saying, we are focused on the risk-calibrated model and 
whatever mix meets our threshold requirement we really do not have a growth target per 
se. If you see, we have grown all across and you are right, our overall advances have 
grown by 21%. The wholesale business itself has grown now 14%, retail at about 24%. 
And you are right, business banking and SME, we have shown a growth of about 45% and 
33%. So, it's been fairly uniform. As we have been mentioning it consistently, we really do 
not have a target for growth of advances or composition thereof. Whatever meets our 
filters, well, we will be happy to grow that business. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
What I am asking is, is this an outlier sort of a number or is this a sustainable figure? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I do not know about that. All I said was we do not have a target. We have a disciplined 
approach to credit. Whatever meets our filters, we are happy to grow. This number can go 
higher or lower depending on how the economy pans out and how the customers which 
are approaching us or we are approaching them and their creditworthiness. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Alekh Angre from the Informist. Please go ahead. 
Alekh Angre: 
 
This refers to the Slide 36 on rating. Within the AA and above, there has been sharp 
changes. For instance, AA and above has sharply risen whereas A+, A and A- have come 
down. Could you explain what has exactly happened there? 
Sandeep Batra: 
We really do not look at it in any meaningful fashion. I think you have to look at the total 
number. A- and above, if you see have been consistently moving across. There could well 
have been a very large corporate which would have repaid something, so this is okay. 
 
 

 
Page 8 of 19 
Anindya Banerjee:  
You would have seen some upgrades from the A family into the AA and above family. 
Alekh Angre: 
 
But is there an internal target in terms of AA and above? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
No, we have certain internal limits related to origination. After that, it is really how the 
portfolio moves and based on how the risk team on a periodic basis updates their rating. 
That is how the mix develops. 
Alekh Angre: 
 
And sir, also could you tells us how NIMs are expected to move going ahead, given that 
we're still in the interest rate tightening cycle and deposit rate sort of was expected to go 
up now? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
As you are aware, the Reserve Bank of India has been increasing interest rates and as 
interest rates do increase, we do pass on the corresponding increase to our customers. A 
large portion of our book is linked to the repo rate and they are passed on contractually as 
per whatever cycle that comes into play. Similarly, there are increases in deposits, which 
have also happened, as you are aware over the last quarter or so. And this phenomena, I 
guess will continue. We will see how this plays out. I mean this will be largely a function 
of how the Reserve Bank of India increases the repo rate, which is again dependent on the 
inflationary expectations in the economy. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Saloni Shukla from Economic Times. Please go ahead. 
Saloni Shukla: 
 
Sir just wanted to understand- your overall restructuring pool has gone down. So, can you 
indicate, sir, whether it slipped or it was upgraded, and if you could give some guidance 
or go forward on whatever, how the remaining pool is behaving, and the restructured 
pool? 
 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
Saloni, it is a mix of both. And I mean, as far as future guidance is concerned, I think we 
have talked about the overall quality of a portfolio that we have built. Secondly, we have 
got a significantly high provision for this category of portfolio in specific. And in general, 
we are holding a contingency provision of about Rs. 8,500 crore. So, we are very 
comfortable with the portfolio that we have built. 
 
Saloni Shukla: 
 
Sir, my next question was on that. You already have a significant number on your 
contingency provisions. You took another Rs. 1000 crore odd this quarter. Is there a 
specific reason behind that? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, this is a general provision. I mean, you are seeing a volatility in the market, as you are 
aware. So, it's good to keep a contingency provision. That is about the only thing I can say. 
Saloni Shukla: 
 
Sir, one final question before I let you go. You have had stellar profits this quarter. Also, I 
mean, you have beat industry as far as credit growth is concerned. Can you give some 
hints on what are the levers for growth this quarter for ICICI? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I am sorry, I didn't get the question. Saloni, are you saying, what are the levers of growth 
going forward? 
Saloni Shukla: 
 
Yes, for the segments there you see that. 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Saloni, as we have been saying for sometime now, we have got our own standards of risk 
filters based on which we grow our own portfolio. So, at this point of time, we seem to be 
comfortable with maintaining those standards. Whatever the numbers are, we will see. At 
the end of it, we don't really target a segment only. We target an overall ecosystem growth 
and not necessarily a particular segment. So, that strategy sort of will continue to play out 

 
Page 10 of 19 
for us, Saloni. I don't see any change in that approach. And then the numbers are, what 
they are when they come at the end of the quarter. 
Moderator:  
We will take our next question from the line of Mayur Shetty from Times of India. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayur Shetty: 
 
Sandeep, my question was on open banking, you all have been doing a lot of that lately, 
acquiring customers on iMobile and the other business apps. So, to what extent are you 
able to convert them into paying customers? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Significant percentages of the piece. I think, once a person starts experiencing both 
iMobile as well as InstaBIZ, he realizes the power of the apps and the convenience that we 
are able to offer. I mean, both the apps are phenomenal and a pretty large number of 
customers do convert. And iMobile Pay, in fact, the non-ICICI Bank account holders grew 
by about 35%. So, a very large numbers do in fact convert. 
 
Mayur Shetty: 
 
Are you able to convert them into borrowers? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
For me, see, you have to come as a customer. So, borrowing is just one part of the overall 
relationship. So, if you see the comprehensiveness of both the apps, I do hope you are 
using iMobile Pay yourself. So, it is phenomenal, I mean, from the liabilities, for managing 
investments or doing transactions, as well as once you have some kind of a track record 
with us, the number of pre-approved offers that we are able to give including for personal 
loans and credit card is pretty large. We are also able to give offers around secured 
products as well. So, I mean, the range is entirely there. And I don't think so we should -- 
I mean we are focused on one aspect of a product because as you are aware, a customer 
is looking at multiple needs at various points of time, and we are happy to serve all those 
needs. This is true for retail as well as from the SME segment where we offer InstaBIZ. 
 
 

 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator:  
We will take our next question from the line of Ankur Mishra from ET Now Swadesh. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Mishra: 
 
Sir, just taking where Mayur was asking about the InstaBIZ and the iMobile app, you also 
mentioned that 35% of non-bank customers have logged in. Can you tell me that how 
much of those customers have been involved in overdraft or fee income if you would be 
earning that, how much of that is contributing in the business, sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
  
Ankur, we don't give that level of this thing, but fair to say that once a customer starts 
experiencing us, their experience ensures that they stick with us for a long period of time. 
If I just look at the increase in transactions, I will give you iMobile Pay. I mean, we have 7.3 
million activations around there. And if I look at the features that are there around it, and 
some of them you can access on our this presentation, I will draw your attention to Slide 
19. The transaction has increased by about 35%. The scan to pay has increased by 25%. 
The pay to contact which is one of the unique features that we offer has increased by about 
58%. Now if I just go all around and if there is enough and more activities, transaction 
intensity which has sort of significantly increased over there. Similarly, on InstaBIZ, we 
have got over 1 million active users around there. I mean, overall, these two apps are our 
flagship apps, and we are very happy with the way we are able to serve our customers 
through these applications. 
Ankur Mishra: 
 
So, while you have mentioned that you are not going to give the target overall as your 
policy, but since this time, it would see specifically that retail has grown by 23%, and 
overall, the credit growth is coming in the market. I want to get a sense, will this kind of 
double-digit growth and even in 20s if I recall so, is it sustainable, sir, at this level or do 
you think this is because of the base effect of last year? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I did mention that we find it very difficult to give long term targets. But I think you have to 
see from even despite a bit of slowdown, most of the stuff is coming from the overall 
slowdown that you think is being talked about. But even in this period, India still remains 

 
Page 12 of 19 
one of the fastest growing large economies in the world, we are still growing. So, let us 
not look at Western benchmarks at this point of time. Within that, I think we have been 
doing reasonably well. We will continue to focus on the approach of risk calibrated growth, 
and whatever number happen happens, I mean, as we've been saying. So, we do hope 
things become better than what they are right now. And that's where we are, and we are 
not going to be changing our filter. I think good business; especially financial business is 
about maintaining discipline of credit, we will continue to maintain that. We will continue 
to invest in technology and digitization because our customers deserve the best 
experiences which they can get anywhere in the world. So, those are areas that we will 
continue to focus on. So, with that, hopefully, we will have whatever appropriate growth 
that needs to come to this. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Ritu Singh from CNBC TV 18. Please go ahead. 
Ritu Singh:  
This restructured, the book is getting heavier, the BB and below has come down, the 
restructured book has come down still at about Rs. 7,300 crore odd. Given this trend we 
have been seeing with some of the slippages coming in from the retail portfolio, I was 
wondering from this restructured book, is there any sort of concern especially now with 
the moratorium ending, what is your sense on what further stress you could see from this 
book? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Ritu, you answered it yourself. That book itself is sort of coming down. And as I mentioned 
about the slippages and you specifically mentioned about retail, we added about Rs. 5,000 
crore to it, and there was another Rs. 4,000 crore of upgrade, which also happened at the 
same time. And this includes rural by the way so which was phenomenal as we had 
explained given the billing cycle, there is a little bit of an elevated level which is therein 
during this current quarter. But if you see from an overall angle, the amount that we are 
talking about is very small and we are holding adequate provisions against that. Worst 
come worst, we still have a contingency provision of Rs. 8,000 crore. So, that doesn't really 
worry us at all, Ritu. 
 

 
Page 13 of 19 
Ritu Singh:  
And in terms of what credit growth you see from here on? What are the sectors that are 
looking good? Where is demand coming from? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Ritu, I think India is on a relative basis in the global economy seems to be well positioned. 
While the expectations of a GDP growth have slowed down, we do expect India to grow 
at a healthy rate. Given that overall macro environment, we keep continuously looking at 
our own credit filters and we will grow in a disciplined fashion whatever falls within 
through our risk filters, we will be happy to grow. So, we are not having any targets, Ritu, 
at all. 
Moderator:  
Our next question is from the line of Hamsini Karthik from Hindu Business Line. Please go 
ahead. 
Hamsini Karthik:  
Sir, when I look at your deposit numbers and cost to income ratio, the cost to income ratio 
seems to have gone up a little bit, about 200 bps, and there is a sequential fall in deposits. 
So, is the fall in deposits on a Q-o-Q basis is more to do with the JFM effect? And what it 
explains the increase in cash-to-income sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
On the deposit let me answer that first while you are right there is a bit of marginal in 
sequential decline from our perspective. We look at average deposit we could see deposit 
has got limited meaning. I think I did mention that the current account deposits increased 
23% year-on-year and even sequentially at about 2.9% for current accounts. For savings 
account, year-on-year increase is about 19% and the sequential quarter is 4.4%. So, even 
on a sequential basis, on an average we have sort of increase. On expenses, I really do not 
have anything specific to call out as a business strategy. We focus on the risk calibrated 
operating profit and as long as we are incurring good expenses for growth within the 
economy yes, we are sort of happy with that kind of a growth. Those numbers can move 
in up and down which is okay because of some changes have to happen. Yes, there has 
been a little bit of hiring which has happened over the last one year. We would have added 
some employees. 

 
Page 14 of 19 
Hamsini Karthik:  
What would then by your comfort then sir or your tolerance? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
We look at risk calibrated operating profit as a growth so that is the matrix and it has to 
meet. It means the businesses will be maximizing the absolute PPOP growth and of course, 
they have to maintain certain risk centers. So, as long as those two are maintained the rest 
of the numbers will follow, there can be some movement up and down.  
Hamsini Karthik:  
Sir, when I look at how your NPAs have really panned out at a gross and net level 
percentage for the book, somewhere there seems to be a bit of if I can use the word 
plateauing of numbers in the sense that the kind of sharp reduction that we saw in the 
numbers all the way down from 7 to 5 and from 5 to 3 to 3.5 that sort of somewhere 
plateauing, so if you could give a little bit of colour and guidance on that sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I would request you to start looking at the net NPA numbers which is important. Our net 
NPA ratio is about 0.7% and which is down from 0.76%. So, I mean it is pretty comfortable 
if you look at that number as a percentage of core operating profit, it is still about 10%, 
11% odd. So, I do not think we should start comparing number of the gross numbers that 
you talked about. So, we are quite happy with the way the NPA ratios are moving and the 
way credit cost are.  
Hamsini Karthik:  
So, at the net level can I presume somewhere stabilize at 0.7 the current level that Bank is 
at right now? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I am not making that kind of a statement. We have said, over a longer-term period our 
credit cost will be about 20%, 25% of the core operating profit. I mean, for the last two 
quarters, of course, it has been significantly lower. It will depend on the product mix and 
cycles. So, we will continue to be focused on this as a number. We are also gaining a 
benefit of fair bit of right back at this point of time. We will see how it goes. I mean, we will 
be focused on the credit quality that we have written and we are quite happy with the book 
that we have built up till now.  

 
Page 15 of 19 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashish Agashe from PTI. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish Agashe: 
 
This was in follow up to Saloni’s question on the contingency provisions actually sir. You 
said that you have set aside Rs.1,000 crore this quarter because you see little in the market. 
In your opening comments you also said that you see a lot of growth opportunities and 
we organize the business to tap into this. So how should we actually take it significant? 
Elaborate on this volatility, which you see both can co-exist? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
One is to prepare for any eventuality. That is one thing, but so to that extent, that is why 
we are switching contingency provisions. With this we have got a contingency provisions 
about Rs. 8,500 crore as you are aware. But in terms of overall growth, if you see, there 
are large segments of India which is growing. We just need to be selective in picking up of 
our profile of customers that we would be wanting. As long as we are able to grow that 
opportunities in India still continues to be large. India still is growing at a pretty healthy 
rate, no doubt about it. I think as our economist says India is the only clean shirt in a dirty 
laundry, which is very good. So, our overall phenomenon for us we need to continue to 
identify segments which we will grow. So, the idea is to look at micro markets. India is a 
large and diverse country. We tried to empower people at a local level and try to take the 
whole ecosystem to the customer. So, to that extent I think both are not conflicting with 
each other. In fact, it is important to be ready, to be prepared for any contingency at the 
same time put your best foot forward given the opportunities that are there in the country.  
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Just a small follow up on that, you said that you will be selective about customers that is 
probably the secrets for growing. So the selection basically comes in a geographical 
perspective when you speak about micro markets? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I think, given the diversity of the country, you are finding good customers across the length 
and breadth of the country. Digitization and the infrastructure, which is getting built across 
length and breadth, give us the confidence that their growth will happen across the length 
and breadth then you will find good customers even in far places. So, it is not about the 

 
Page 16 of 19 
particular geography or a particular segment or a particular industry. That is why the micro 
market strategy is important. That is why empowering people at a city level is important 
so that you are really able to identify. But at the same time we will not compromise on our 
credit filters.  
Ashish Agashe: 
 
My second question actually was on the entire incentives now built in to attract foreign 
deposits. NRE deposits are back because of pressure on the currencies. So quite a lot of 
your peers are gearing up for that in their commentaries at least we have heard, but in the 
last whatever few quarters we have seen quite a lot of focus from ICICI Bank on the 
domestic operations largely. So are we also like how are we just running from the NRE 
play actually, would you be chasing that like which way? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I think we have to be clear when we are saying when we are talking of domestic. Our 
international strategy continues to be there. Only we have recalibrated our international 
strategy. You may not see corporate advances in international strategy. That is why you 
saw a significant reduction, which happened, over there.  But as a bank, focus on NRIs and 
FCNR and NRE deposits etcetera was there, continues to be there and it is an important 
part of our deposit mobilization. We have also recalibrated our interest rates on FCNR. 
Once the rate changes happens and we would like to offer the best possible services that 
we can do for our NRI customers. In fact, all our branches and overseas subsidiaries are 
geared to serve the NRI segment. It is core to our overall strategy. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Joel Rebello from Economic Times. Please 
go ahead. 
Joel Rebello: 
 
First, the clarification, did you all have any repatriation of dividend from any of your 
subsidiaries from abroad? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Not this quarter Joel.  
 

 
Page 17 of 19 
Joel Rebello: 
 
Second question we have seen a sequential drop in the SME loans versus March. What is 
the reason for that? Are you seeing any stress building up? Anything you can tell us on 
SME loans. 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
This is actually more technical in nature. Some of the SMEs grew- if you see the SME 
criteria, once their turnover exceeds Rs. 250 crore, we classify them as part of corporate. 
Joel Rebello: 
 
So, you mean these guys graduated to become larger account? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
That is right.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhaskar Dutta from Business Standards. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhaskar Dutta: 
 
Sir, to what extent treasury operations effected by the sharp rise in bond yields in previous 
quarters in terms of our AFS book? Under what points would you consider the use of the 
investment fluctuation reserve? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I do not think, sir, we have got any intentions of using the investment fluctuation reserve 
as this point of time. Coming to the treasury profit, I think we have reported that number 
separately. As you are aware, given the sharp interest rate movements, which happened 
during the quarter, there were some amount of mark-to-market losses in AFS and HFT 
portfolio that we have held. But nothing significant. I think our treasury seems to have 
managed the overall position pretty well.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from Anto Anthony from Bloomberg. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 19 
Anto Anthony: 
 
Just one question can you declare the number of ATMs over the last two years. What is 
the rationale behind it and what are the other channels, which your customers are using 
instead of ATMs? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
We keep on recalibrating our overall strategy at a micro level. There is a marginal drop 
you are right, but I mean at the end of it most of the customers are strategically active in 
any case. So, to that extent our overall regional teams keep looking at the strategy, the 
need for the ATM and some of them are excess in our region and we tried to rationalize 
some of them. But largely we are happy with the overall number of ATMs. As you are 
seeing that most of the transactions are anyway moving towards a mobile app or internet. 
So, to that extent I mean out of the 15,000 odd a couple of 100 is just a transition. 
Anto Anthony: 
 
Throughout the last two years, I think we have seen close to 2,000 ATMs being dropped, 
so is this where we are now as of now around 13,000 odd ATMs where to stabilize? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
15,626 is the exact number of ATMs that we have, sorry 13,600.  
Anto Anthony: 
 
So, there is a drop of 2%.  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
That is an overall calibration of the overall strategy part, but the branch numbers have 
gone up so it is okay and some places you will be having two ATMs together and then if 
we need to rationalize it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will be taking one last question now from the line of Anurag Shah from Zee 
Business. Please go ahead.  
Anurag Shah: 
 
In your address, you said that 3.2 million Amazon Pay Card being issued. Is that the highest 
under any kind of tie up? 

 
Page 19 of 19 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
I do not know, but clearly, from an Amazon perspective it is the most successful cards they 
have had.  
Kausik Datta:  
 
Anurag I will get back to you on this  
 
Anurag Shah: 
 
But in your portfolio no other tie-up has crossed this benchmark more than 3.2 million, 
right sir? 
Kausik Datta: 
 
Yes, that is right. I thought you were asking whether any other co-branded card in the 
industry has done this milestone. But as far as we are concerned, yes, this is the one.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. This brings the conference call to an end. On behalf of ICICI Bank, we thank 
you all for joining us you may now disconnect your lines.  
