 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower, 
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
 
 
July 27, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the Earnings call with analysts and investors for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022. The same can be accessed on the link:  
 
https://www.icicibank.com/aboutus/qfr.page?#toptitle 
 
This is for your records and information. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Ranjan
Digitally signed by Vivek Ranjan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=e202014091290741f7276b0
e49a399ab80befeea1d60c04e92c73
037bebb2901, postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6db6a9f19dc6558191
cafc901bde18c0194ae87dd3ff4bfdc
bc9961d94e56cea, cn=Vivek Ranjan 
Date: 2022.07.27 15:10:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
ICICI Bank Limited 
 
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended June 30, 2022 (Q1-2023) 
 
July 23, 2022 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter 
alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking 
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws 
including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory 
changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic 
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non-
performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the 
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for 
banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our 
exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the 
Covid-19 pandemic which could result in fewer business opportunities, lower 
revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing assets and provisions, 
depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic extends, the 
remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken 
for economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as 
other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are 
based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this 
release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could 
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at 
www.sec.gov. 
 
This release does not constitute an offer of securities. 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI Bank Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi -- Managing Director and CEO of 
ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks 
 
 Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings Call to discuss the 
results for Q1 of FY2023. Joining us today on this call are Anup, Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, 
Anindya and Abhinek.   
During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in parameters like the index of 
industrial production, travel and mobility, pickup in non-oil and non-gold imports and bank 
credit. There are concerns arising out of the movements in inflation and interest and 
exchange rates, largely reflecting the uncertainties in the global environment. The 
Government and the Reserve Bank of India have taken various steps in this regard. We will 
continue to monitor these developments closely.   
At ICICI Bank, we aim to grow the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
a 360-degree customer-centric approach and by focusing on ecosystems and micro-
markets. We continue to operate within our strategic framework and strengthen our 
franchise, enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand our technology and 
digital offerings.  
Coming to the quarterly performance against this framework: 
 
First- Growth in the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
the focused pursuit of target market segments 
The core operating profit increased by 19.4% year-on-year to 102.73 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and associates, core operating profit 
grew by 21.1% year-on-year. The profit after tax grew by 49.6% year-on-year to 69.05 
billion Rupees in this quarter. 
Second-Further enhancing our strong deposit franchise 
Total period-end deposits grew by 13.4% year-on-year at June 30, 2022. During the 
quarter, average current account deposits increased by 23.0% year-on-year and 2.9% 
sequentially. Average savings account deposits grew by 19.1% year-on-year and 4.4% 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
sequentially. Period-end term deposits grew by 11.4% year-on-year at June 30, 2022. The 
liquidity coverage ratio for the quarter was about 127%, reflecting continued surplus 
liquidity. Our cost of deposits continues to be among the lowest in the system.   
Third-Growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner with a focus on risk and 
reward 
 
The retail loan portfolio grew by 24.4% year-on-year and 5.1% sequentially at June 30, 
2022. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was 44.0% of the total 
portfolio. The rural portfolio grew by 8.4% year-on-year and was flat sequentially. The 
business banking portfolio grew by 44.7% year-on-year and 7.4% sequentially. The SME 
portfolio grew by 32.3% year-on-year and declined by 2.6% sequentially. The growth in 
SME and business banking portfolios was driven by leveraging our branch network, cross 
sell to existing current account customers and digital offerings such as InstaBIZ and 
Merchant Stack. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 14.4% year-on-year and 4.4% 
sequentially at June 30, 2022. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 21.7% year-on-year 
and 3.9% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio grew by 21.3% year-on-year and 4.3% 
sequentially at June 30, 2022. 
Fourth-Leveraging digital across our business  
We continue to enhance our digital offerings and platforms to onboard new customers in 
a seamless manner and provide them end-to-end digital journeys and personalised 
solutions. These platforms also enable us to do more data driven cross sell and up sell. 
Recently, we have further enhanced the open architecture based features of InstaBIZ. 
Merchants can now open a current account instantly and digitally on InstaBIZ by using 
video KYC. Through ‘InstaOD Plus’, customers of any bank can avail an overdraft facility 
of up to 2.5 million Rupees instantly on InstaBIZ. We have seen about 120,000 registrations 
from non-ICICI Bank account holders on InstaBIZ till June 30, 2022. Recently, the Bank 
launched a revamped OneSCF, an integrated supply chain platform providing corporate 
customers, their vendors and dealers with a one-stop solution to efficiently manage their 
working capital requirements. We have shared some details on our technology and digital 
offerings in slides 18 to 28 of the investor presentation. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Fifth - Protecting the balance sheet from potential risks  
The net NPA ratio declined to 0.70% at June 30, 2022 from 0.76% at March 31, 2022 and 
1.16% at June 30, 2021. During the quarter, there were net additions of 3.82 billion Rupees 
to gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale. The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs 
was 79.6% at June 30, 2022. The total provisions during the quarter were 11.44 billion 
Rupees or 11.1% of core operating profit and 0.53% of average advances. This includes 
contingency provision of 10.50 billion Rupees made on a prudent basis. The Bank holds 
contingency provisions of 85.00 billion Rupees or about 0.9% of total loans as of June 30, 
2022.   
Sixth- Maintaining a strong capital base  
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of 17.23%, Tier 
1 ratio of 17.95% and total capital adequacy ratio of 18.74% at June 30, 2022, including 
profits for the quarter.  
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to grow the core operating profit in a risk-
calibrated manner. In order to leverage these opportunities, we have reorganized our 
business teams. Cities with large concentrated market opportunities have been organised 
under ‘city business heads’ covering the full spectrum of ecosystems. We have also 
focused on strengthening the workforce by skilling and providing cross-functional 
opportunities. We will continue to make investments in technology, people, distribution 
and building our brand. 
Going forward, we will continue to operate within our strategic framework while focusing 
on micro markets and ecosystems. The principles of “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” and 
“One Bank, One RoE” will guide our operations. We focus on building a culture where 
every employee in the Bank serves customers with humility and upholds the values of 
brand ICICI. We aim to be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our 
customers and deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders. 
I now hand the call over to Anindya. 
Anindya’s opening remarks 
 
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about balance sheet growth, credit quality, P&L details, 
growth in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.  

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
A. Balance sheet growth 
 
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the growth across 
retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 22.3% year-on-year and 4.1% sequentially. 
Auto loans grew by 17.6% year-on-year and 5.2% sequentially. The commercial vehicles 
and equipment portfolio grew by 3.7% year-on-year and was flat sequentially. Growth in 
the personal loan and credit card portfolio was 44.7% year-on-year and 9.6% sequentially. 
This portfolio was 963.85 billion Rupees or 10.8% of the overall loan book at June 30, 2022.  
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, grew by 7.4% year-on-year and 6.4% 
sequentially at June 30, 2022. The increase in the overseas loan portfolio was primarily 
due to increase in the India-linked trade finance book. The overseas loan portfolio was 
about 5.1% of the overall loan book at June 30, 2022. The non-India linked corporate 
portfolio declined by 52.8% or about 513 million US dollars on a year-on-year basis. Of the 
overseas corporate portfolio, about 87% comprises Indian corporates, 6% is overseas 
corporates with Indian linkage, 4% comprises companies owned by NRIs or PIOs and 
balance 3% is non-India corporates. 
B. Credit quality  
There were net additions of 3.82 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the current quarter 
compared to net deletions of 4.89 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. There were net 
additions of 7.24 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the retail, rural and business banking 
portfolios and net deletions of 3.42 billion Rupees from gross NPAs in the corporate and 
SME portfolios.  
The gross NPA additions were 58.25 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 
42.04 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The gross NPA additions from the retail, rural 
and business banking portfolio were 50.37 billion Rupees and from the corporate and SME 
portfolio were 7.88 billion Rupees. There were gross NPA additions of about 7.55 billion 
Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the current quarter. We typically see higher 
NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio in the first and third quarter of a fiscal 
year. 
Recoveries and upgrades from gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 54.43 
billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 46.93 billion Rupees in the previous 
quarter. There were recoveries and upgrades of 43.13 billion Rupees from the retail, rural 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
and business banking portfolio and 11.30 billion Rupees from the corporate and SME 
portfolio. The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 11.26 billion Rupees. The 
Bank  sold NPAs amounting to 0.13 billion Rupees during the quarter on a cash basis.  
Net NPAs declined by 28.5% year-on-year and 4.4% sequentially to 66.56 billion Rupees 
at June 30, 2022. 
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was 36.70 
billion Rupees as of June 30, 2022 compared to 36.40 billion Rupees as of March 31, 2022. 
The Bank holds provisions amounting to 20.75 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2022 against 
this non-fund based outstanding. 
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers, under resolution as per 
various guidelines declined to 73.76 billion Rupees or about 0.8% of the total loan portfolio 
at June 30, 2022 from 82.67 billion Rupees as of March 31, 2022. Of the total fund based 
outstanding under resolution at June 30, 2022, 52.75 billion Rupees was from the retail, 
rural and business banking portfolio and 21.01 billion Rupees was from the corporate and 
SME portfolio. The Bank holds provisions of 22.90 billion Rupees against these borrowers, 
which is higher than the requirement as per RBI guidelines. 
C. P&L Details 
Net interest income increased by 20.8% year-on-year to 132.10 billion Rupees. The net 
interest margin was 4.01% in this quarter compared to 4.00% in the previous quarter and 
3.89% in Q1 of last year. The impact of interest on income tax refund on net interest margin 
was 3 bps in Q1 of this year compared to 1 bps in the previous quarter and in Q1 of last 
year. The domestic NIM was at 4.14% this quarter compared to 4.12% in the previous 
quarter and 3.99% in Q1 last year. The cost of deposits was 3.46% in this quarter 
compared to 3.48% in previous quarter. Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on 43% 
are linked to the repo rate, 6% to other external benchmarks and 21% to MCLR and other 
older benchmarks. The balance 30% of loans have fixed interest rates. 
 
Non-interest income, excluding treasury income, grew by 24.9% year-on-year to 46.29 
billion Rupees in Q1 of 2023 
 
 
Fee income increased by 31.8% year-on-year to 42.43 billion Rupees in this 
quarter driven by growth across various segments, partly reflecting the low 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
base in Q1 of last year. Fees from retail, rural, business banking and SME 
customers grew by 37.8% year-on-year and constituted about 79% of the total 
fees in this quarter  
 
Dividend income from subsidiaries and associates was 3.47 billion Rupees in 
this quarter compared to 4.10 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The year-on-
year decline in dividend income was due to lower final dividend from ICICI 
Life, offset in part by higher dividend from ICICI AMC and ICICI Securities 
Primary Dealership 
 
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 25.3% year-on-year in this quarter 
partly reflecting the low base in Q1 of last year. The employee expenses increased by 
20.0% year-on-year. The Bank had about 107,350 employees at June 30, 2022. The 
employee count has increased by about 7,250 in the last 12 months. Employee expenses 
in this quarter include an impact of 1.29 billion Rupees due to fair valuation of ESOPs 
granted to all employees post April 1, 2021 as required by RBI guidelines. Non-employee 
expenses increased by 28.8% year-on-year in this quarter primarily due to retail business 
and technology related expenses. The technology expenses were about 8.5% of our 
operating expenses in this quarter, similar to FY2022. 
The core operating profit increased by 19.4% year-on-year to 102.73 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and associates, the core operating 
profit grew by 21.1% year-on-year.  
There was a treasury gain of 0.36 billion Rupees in Q1 compared to 1.29 billion Rupees in 
Q4 and 2.90 billion Rupees in Q1 of the previous year.  
The total provisions during the quarter were 11.44 billion Rupees or 11.1% of core 
operating profit and 0.53% of average advances. These include contingency provisions of 
10.50 billion Rupees made on a prudent basis.  
The provisioning coverage on NPAs continued to be robust at 79.6%. In addition, we hold 
22.90 billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers under resolution. Further, the Bank holds 
contingency provision of 85.00 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2022, the 
total provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-based outstanding to borrowers 
classified as non-performing, were 187.70 billion Rupees or 2.1% of loans.  

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
The profit before tax grew by 51.7% year-on-year to 91.65 billion Rupees in this quarter. 
The tax expense was 22.60 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 14.27 billion Rupees 
in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by 49.6% year-on-year to 
69.05 billion Rupees in this quarter.  
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 55.0% year-on-year to 73.85 billion Rupees in 
this quarter. 
 
D. Growth in digital offerings 
Leveraging digital and technology across businesses is a key element of our strategy of 
growing the risk-calibrated core operating profit. We continue to see increasing adoption 
and usage of our digital platforms from our customers.  
There have been 7.3 million activations of iMobile Pay by non-ICICI Bank account holders 
as of end-June. The value of transactions by non-ICICI Bank account holders increased by 
35% sequentially in the current quarter. 
The value of credit card spends in the current quarter grew by 12.6% sequentially and was 
two times the value of spends in Q1 of last year driven by improvement in discretionary 
spending, higher activation rate through digital onboarding of customers, including 
Amazon Pay credit cards, and diversification through commercial cards. The Bank has 
issued more than 3.2 million Amazon Pay credit cards since its launch.  
During the quarter, we launched Campus Power, an online platform providing various 
banking solutions such as loans, bank accounts, foreign exchange remittances and value 
added services to the student ecosystem for higher education in India and abroad. 
The value of financial transactions on InstaBIZ grew by about 57% year-on-year in the 
current quarter. The value of transactions on the supply chain solutions, CorpConnect and 
DigitalLite, in the current quarter was 2.4 times the value of transactions in Q1 last year. 
The proportion of end-to-end digital sanctions and disbursements across various products 
has been increasing steadily. About 33% of our mortgage sanctions and 44% of our 
personal loan disbursements, by volume, were end-to-end digital in Q1 of this year.  

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
The Bank has created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide bespoke and 
purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their ecosystems. The volume of 
payment and collection transactions through API based solutions in Q1 of this year was 
3.7 times the volume of transactions in Q1 last year. 
E. Portfolio information 
 
We have provided details on our retail, business banking and SME portfolio in slides 35 to 
45 of the investor presentation. 
 
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate and SME borrowers 
rated BB and below was 82.09 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022 compared to 108.08 billion 
Rupees at March 31, 2022. The amount of 82.09 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022 includes 
22.89 billion Rupees of loans under resolution. The sequential decline during the quarter 
was mainly due to reduction in exposure to a borrower in the telecom sector and upgrades 
of a few accounts in power and construction sectors. The details are given on slide 37 and 
38 of the investor presentation.  
 
Other than one account in the power sector, where resolution has been implemented as 
per RBI’s Covid-19 resolution framework, the maximum single borrower outstanding in 
the BB and below portfolio was less than 6 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022. At June 30, 
2022, we held provisions of 8.61 billion Rupees on the BB and below portfolio compared 
to 12.32 billion Rupees at March 31, 2022. This includes provisions held against borrowers 
under resolution included in this portfolio. 
 
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 699.72 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022 
compared to 686.32 billion Rupees at March 31, 2022. The total outstanding loans to 
NBFCs and HFCs were about 8% of our advances at June 30, 2022. The sequential increase 
in the outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs is mainly due to disbursements to PSU entities, 
entities having long vintage and entities owned by well-established corporate groups. 
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term loans 
and working capital loans was 275.69 billion Rupees at June 30, 2022 compared to 269.48 
billion Rupees at March 31, 2022. The builder portfolio is about 3% of our total loan 
portfolio. Our portfolio is granular in nature with the larger exposures being to well-
established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the portfolio. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
About 8.3% of our builder portfolio at June 30, 2022 was either rated BB and below 
internally or was classified as non-performing, compared to about 9.5% at March 31, 2022. 
 
F. Subsidiaries and key associates 
 
The details of the financial performance of subsidiaries and key associates are covered in 
slides 49 to 51 and slides 70 to 75 in the investor presentation 
 
The VNB margin of ICICI Life increased from 28.0% in FY2022 to 31.0% in Q1 of this year. 
The value of new business increased by 31.6% year-on-year to 4.71 billion Rupees in Q1 
of this year. The annualized premium equivalent grew by 24.7% year-on-year to 15.20 
billion Rupees in Q1 of this year. The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 1.56 billion Rupees in 
Q1 of this year compared to a loss of 1.86 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. 
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General increased by 28.2% year-on-year to 53.70 
billion Rupees in Q1 of this year. The combined ratio was 104.1% in Q1 of this year 
compared to 123.5% in Q1 of last year. The profit after tax grew by 79.6% year-on-year to 
3.49 billion Rupees in the current quarter. 
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC was 3.05 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.80 
billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. 
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, on a consolidated basis, was 2.74 billion Rupees in 
this quarter compared to 3.11 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. 
 
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 7.2 million Canadian dollars in this quarter 
compared to 5.0 million Canadian dollars in Q1 last year and 4.3 million Canadian dollars 
in Q4 this year.  
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 3.4 million US dollars this quarter compared to 2.9 
million US dollars in Q1 of last year and 3.1 million US dollars in Q4 last year.  
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 0.40 billion Rupees in the current 
quarter compared to 0.17 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year and 0.53 billion Rupees in Q4 
last year.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take your 
questions. 
 
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Mahrukh Adajania from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
Could you please explain the increase in employee expenses because there was a sharp 
increase? That's my first question. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Yes. Mahrukh, as we explained, if we compare, over the last 12 months, we have added 
about 7,250 employees. Also, the ESOP cost, which was not accounted for in Q1 of last 
year, is getting accounted for in Q1 of this year, that's about Rs. 1.29 billion. We would 
have the impact of promotions and increments that would have become effective in the 
current quarter. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
So, a large part of it is growth related as well. 
Anindya Banerjee: 
Yes 
 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
And my other question was on your yields. So, if you see the yield on loans, it's kind of 
declined quarter-on-quarter. That's largely because of the foreign book? 
Anindya Banerjee: 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
No. As you know, the rise in interest rates is a phenomenon that started to play out only 
from June. So, it reflects the rates at which lending has been done over the last few 
quarters and the relative maturity versus new lending in the book because rates were quite 
competitive well into May as well. If you recall, last time we had mentioned that there is 
some arithmetical impact between Q4 and Q1 because of the number of days. So, if you 
look back historically also in Q1 versus Q4, the yield has been slightly lower. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
Got it. In general, how would the growth outlook pan out? As in we are into a strong growth 
phase right now. But does the global scenario impact growth 6 months down the line or 
is there a resilient structural demand? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
I think currently, Mahrukh, if you look at general loan growth across the sectors for us and 
our peer banks who have reported, it has held up quite well, although rates have started 
moving up from late May. There seems to be a fair degree of resilience in demand in typical 
segments in which banks like us operate. But we'll have to monitor this as we go along. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
Got it. I just have one last question, which is on your bond portfolio. You did make trading 
gains, and you did not have any mark-to-market loss. Is that correct? 
Anindya Banerjee: 
Yes. Mahrukh, in our AFS portfolio, as we may have discussed in the past, we generally 
carry a very low duration. So, whatever mark-to-market, if at all, would have been there, 
would have been negligible. We would have had some small gains on the equity side. So, 
that has led to this small net positive. But even adjusted for that, we would not have had 
any material mark-to-market at all because of the low duration of our AFS portfolio. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Manish Ostwal: 
 
Only 1 small data point. What is the size of the AFS book and modified duration of the 
book? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We don't disclose that on a quarterly basis. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
Anindya, just going back to the yield question, will you have some walk in terms of the 
incremental loans that we do at a higher rate because the yields have declined on a 
sequential basis, even after including the reasons that you gave. If you can just help us 
walk through that decline. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
No, I think we already explained it that lending rates have been pretty competitive across 
segments over the last few quarters. That will now start reversing out as the benchmarks 
pick up. Further, there would have been some mathematical impact of the day count, 
which has been seen in the past as well. Beyond that, really, there is no other factor. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
Okay. So, if the reasons continue like this, do you think when the back book reprices along 
with the reset debt, do you expect the reset to also be slightly muted? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
No. The reset will be to the extent that the benchmark changes. So, it will entirely reflect 
the change in the benchmark. There is no change in the spread.  
Nilanjan Karfa: 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
The second one I wanted to ask is on the SME portfolio. Even though there is a sequential 
decline, I think the growth is quite robust. Could you help understand which are the 
segments where you are seeing a lot of demand? Secondly, across both SME and 
corporate loans, could you share what percentage is the working capital loan and how this 
has changed through this quarter because the commodity prices have also been quite 
volatile? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
If you look at our portfolio, we have been quite consistently growing the SME portfolio for 
the last 4 years or so. We had made a lot of changes in the way we approach this category 
of customers over the last 5 years in terms of distribution, our credit underwriting, our 
portfolio granularity and so on. This is probably one of the portfolios where the credit 
outcome so far post COVID has been somewhat better than what we may have originally 
anticipated. So, we are quite comfortable with growth in this portfolio. One of the other 
things that we have done over the last 3 years is invested heavily in digital propositions 
for this segment of customers. We have also seen a fairly high increase in digital adoption 
in this segment. Those are the areas that have driven this growth. It is a mix of working 
capital and sort of term loans. I don't think that there is anything specific to call out in terms 
of increase in working capital requirement in this quarter as such because the growth rates 
have been quite in line with what we have seen in the past adjusted for the period of 
dislocation during the pandemic. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
Let me squeeze in a third one. If we look at the segmental disclosure, and while we 
obviously don't talk about how the equities are split between these businesses, but 
generally speaking, if you look at the profitability of each of the segments, which is the 
segment that you are seeing the profitability sort of jump quite a bit? Would you say that, 
for example, the corporate or the wholesale segment is actually doing a little better than 
retail? And do you think that's going to persist through the next couple of quarters? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
No, I don't think so. If you look at the improvement in profitability for what is reported in 
the corporate segment, I think part of that is due to actually a write-back of provisions as 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
we continue to get recoveries out of past NPLs in that portfolio. On the retail side, of 
course, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, there is a sort of multiple jump in the profit. 
For the sequential decline, I think 75%-80% of our cost base sits in retail. So, the sequential 
increase in costs that we discussed earlier in response to another question would largely 
reflect in retail. Also, as we mentioned in the first quarter, we do see the seasonally higher 
addition to NPLs in the KCC portfolio, which was Rs. 7.55 billion in this quarter, and the 
provisioning on that would also form part of the segmental result. But I don't think in terms 
of long-term profitability trend, there is anything to call out. The last thing I would like to 
say is that we are increasingly trying to organize ourselves around ecosystems. So, there 
is a lot of sort of how should I say it, for the regulatory requirements we would be reporting 
a segmental basis, but the way we are organized internally is much more around cross-
functional teams and looking at particular customer ecosystems where these distinctions 
are quite blurred in that sense. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundra from B&K Securities. Please go ahead 
Jai Mundra: 
 
If you can share the duration of your term deposit, what could be the average duration of 
your term deposit? I mean a ballpark number will also do. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We have not really given a duration per se. I think we do publish sort of maturity pattern. 
I would say that we would have a significant proportion in 1 year plus. 
 
Jai Mundra: 
 
Right. I think that gets distorted because 1 year plus would have the entire CA and I don't 
know what percentage of SA would be sitting in either 3 years or 5 years. So, specifically 
on term deposit, I mean ballpark, let's say, how much of that would be, let's say, less than 
1 year or how much could be over 3 years or 5 years? 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
A lot of the retail term deposits actually across most banks is in the 1-year bucket as 
Anindya said. It is for the retail FD, in particular, not the total deposits. A lot of it is in 1 
year. And of course, we have been offering slightly higher rates in the longer bucket as 
well, in the 3-year bucket. So, some of the deposits would have come in that bucket. But 
predominantly, it will be in the 12 to 18 months bucket. For all banks, it will be pretty 
similar. 
Jai Mundra: 
Just while we are on this, the distribution of savings and the current deposit will always 
be less than 1 year, right? Is it fair to assume that, let's say, 90%-95% of CA in that maturity 
pattern would be sitting in less than 1-year maturity? 
Rakesh Jha: 
That is behavioural. So, it will vary. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
It will vary and it may not be consistent across banks as well. 
Jai Mundra: 
Second question is, sir, on your distribution strategy, I mean the branch strategy, we have 
been fairly calibrated over the last 3-4 years, maybe rightly so, because we have already 
increased the digital offerings and digital services. Do you think that you may have to sort 
of rethink that approach for the next 2-3 years, considering the competitive landscape 
emerging, especially distribution strategy by the largest private Bank? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We give a lot of flexibility to our operating teams on where and how many branches they 
want to open. We have not imposed any restrictions. It is part of the investment that needs 
to be made and managed within our overall PPOP framework. This quarter, if you see, we 
have, after a long time, added about 120 branches. So, we will keep looking at that and 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
adding as we need to, wherever we see opportunity to either establish a presence in a 
growth market or deepen our presence in a high-value market. 
Jai Mundra: 
So the question is similar, that could we see a higher branch addition pace versus what 
we have seen over the last 2-3 years? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Yes, I think we could, but that is based on our own sort of growth strategy. 
Jai Mundra: 
Last question, sir, I mean even adjusted for KCC slippages, the retail slippages compared 
to last quarter also look higher. Would you have any specific reasons apart from the KCC 
slippages? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, Jai, as we have been saying for some time, I think in the granular portfolios like retail, 
business banking, SME and so on, we need to focus on the net slippage. Similarly in the 
granular working capital accounts where there may be an NPL classification due to some 
technical reason, which then gets regularized. These types of accounts, to a large extent, 
tend to cure in a pretty short period of time. This is very different from the lumpy corporate-
type exposure, which once they get into the NPA bucket, there is typically a long delay 
until the recovery happens. So, we would really focus on the net number. And as far as 
the net number is concerned, we have been saying for some time that -- of course, in the 
second half of last year, we had net deletions to gross NPA. So that was due to higher 
recoveries out of the stock of NPAs that had got created during the pandemic period. And 
we were expecting that we would start seeing net addition from the current quarter, which 
is what has played out. Although I must say that even the current level of net additions is 
relatively low. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
 
I have 2 questions. One is around how sustainable are the recoveries that we are 
witnessing over the past few quarters? In context to this, if we look at our provisions to 
PPOP guidance and even including the contingent provisions, we are seeing a very benign 
run rate. So, how do you see that? Any thoughts around this? Second question is on 
unsecured book. The PL and credit cards both are doing very well and the mix is now 
averaging 10.5%-11% of the total book. How do you really see that? Any cap that we will 
look to have on the mix of unsecured assets? These are my two questions. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
On the first one, I think one is that, I guess, it sort of gives us confidence in our 
underwriting. And I think that the two things we must remember is that on the corporate 
side, we were anyway, even in 2019 and 2020, coming off a very deep corporate cycle. 
So, it is fair to expect that in the years after that, you would have a very benign kind of 
credit experience. In retail and SME, the portfolio has gotten severely tested by COVID. Of 
course, we did see higher NPL additions during that time. From here on, we will have to 
see how the mix, the gross additions and recoveries and so on evolve and look at what 
kind of credit costs come through. But in terms of what we are sort of planning over the 
long term or what are our tolerance levels or what we are trying to design the business to, 
we would continue to look at that 20-odd percent of provisions to PPOP. Sorry, what was 
your second question? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
 
On the unsecured piece 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
As you know, we have grown this portfolio primarily on the back of cross-sell to existing 
customers or through very strong partnerships like Amazon and by identifying sort of the 
correct profiles even if they are new to Bank. The credit performance of these portfolios 
has been quite good. We have no plans to look at any cap as of now because we don't see 
anything in the credit trends to warrant that. 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Sharma from ENAM AMC. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sharma: 
 
Sir, 2 questions. One on the credit cost. We have created another contingent provision in 
this quarter, but we've seen one peer bank sort of writing back the provision they made in 
relation to the COVID. So, sir, some color on how we see the credit cost, given our strategy 
of sort of creating contingent provision? Second question would be on the credit card 
portfolio. If you can, sir, sort of give some color on the revolver book. I mean has it picked 
up? That would be helpful. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
I think we made this contingency provision on a prudent basis. Clearly, as you would have 
seen the numbers in terms of the net additions as well as the net provisions, the numbers 
are very low. But at the same time, there are potential headwinds in the environment given 
what is happening on inflation and rates and potentially a sharp slowdown in growth in 
major economies and so on. So, given that, although the current trends are benign, we 
looked at our portfolio and decided to add to our contingency buffer to strengthen the 
balance sheet, which is a key element of our strategic framework that Sandeep also spoke 
about. So, that is how we looked at it. I think we'll have to see how the credit cost trajectory 
evolves in future. On the revolver, of course, compared to pre-pandemic levels, revolver 
rates had come down, and we hope that they would now start moving up as spends also 
pick up. 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
This is Rahul here. Just a couple of questions. On Slide 36, the rating-wise mix that you've 
given, is it predominantly for the entire corporate and the SME portfolio? I mean just 
wanted to understand what explains the swing in AA minus and above from 36% to 47%? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Yes. So, this is on the non-retail portfolio. And as you see, the A- and above bracket has 
remained broadly stable. There would have been some upgrades from the A family to the 
AA- and above family. So, that is a movement that would keep happening. But broadly, 
we would focus on, say, 70% plus is A- and above. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Understood. Understood. And will it have sort of implication on yields also going forward 
in this portfolio then? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Not really, I think. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Then going back to the provisioning bit, of course, much has been asked, but just wanted 
to understand the understanding behind making it. So, these are contingency provisions, 
right, which you've been building over the last 2 quarters. Is this against the BB and below 
rated portfolio? Or what portfolio this is being built against? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
It is a contingency provision made by looking at sort of risk markers across a very broad 
range of portfolios and, as we said, the continuing uncertainties in the environment, both 
geopolitical and macroeconomic. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Can you talk about the revolver percentage in the credit card portfolio that we may have 
and also the EMI book? 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We have not really spoken about a specific percentage, Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
And then one final big picture question. So, RBI has put out this vision document on 
payments in which you talk about UPI, credit on UPI plus linking the RuPay credit card to 
UPI. Any broad thoughts on how you're all thinking about those? And does it sort of excite 
you about the credit on UPI? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
We are always excited about new innovations that take place in the payment system or 
the financial system. I think we will participate in all of these within our risk appetite. We 
already offer a pay later product, which is a credit line on UPI embedded in the Bank's 
mobile app. I think India has one of probably the most evolved payment system in the 
world and we would keep looking at what business cases or use cases arise out of that. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
MB Mahesh: 
 
Just 2 questions. Anindya. How does the portfolio behave over the next 2-3 quarters given 
the recent increase in the repo rates? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, we have given the numbers, Mahesh. 43% of the book is linked to repo, about 6% is 
linked to other external benchmarks and 21% is linked to MCLR. So, our MCLR, we have 
increased by 50 basis points at the end of May and June. Repo, as you know, has moved 
up by 90 basis points. And these have sort of 3 months to 1 year reset periodicity. So, that 
will play out over the next few quarters. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
MB Mahesh: 
 
In your assessment that the ability for a full pass-through is visible in the portfolio, adjusted 
for the repayments and the cash additions at the spreads, which might be different to what 
the portfolio is contracted at? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
For example, if you look at the repo-linked portfolio, say, the mortgage portfolio. There, as 
you know, the floating rate product that is uniform in India has a lengthening of the EMI 
schedule up to a certain level, and there is only a smaller set of customers who we would 
see an increase in the EMI. So, in the larger corporates, I think they also have their own 
fair degree of resilience or ability to kind of refinance and so on. So, it should be 
manageable. But as I said, it depends upon the pace and extent of these changes, so we 
have to watch as we go along. 
MB Mahesh: 
 
Second question, sir. CC/OD changes on the NPL side, I didn't get this in case it was 
answered. Was there any impact of it in the current quarter? 
Anindya Banerjee:  
So, that was a clarification which came in Q4. There would have been some impact, but 
nothing that we have quantified for calling out in particular. I think we just have to adjust 
to it. There would have been some impact. Hopefully, that impact will trend down. 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference call over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Thank you all very much for sparing time on a Saturday evening, and Abhinek and I will 
be happy to take your questions separately. Thank you 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. We thank 
you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
