EL/SEC/2022-23/ 29 
July 28, 2022 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda 
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Script Code: 543533 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 25, 2022 
The Manager Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 
2021, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on July 25, 2022, post 
announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2022. The 
audio recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's 
website https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For eMudhra Limited 
'<'{a L
b, 
i 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
eMudhra Limited 
eMudhra Digital Campus, 12-Pl-A & 12-Pl-B, Hi-Tech Defence and Aerospace Park (IT sector), Jala Hobli, B.K. Palya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 562149 I Phone: +91 80 4848 4001 I Email: corporate@emudhra.com I Web: www.emudhra.com 
CIN - L72900KA2008PLC060368 

Page 1 of 15 
7/28/2022
e-Signatures
Trust
Services
Authentication
and Access
Digital
Transformation
eMudhra Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
July 25, 2022 
MANAGEMENT PARTICIPANTS: 
MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN - EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
MR. SAJI LOUIZ - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. 
KAUSHIK 
SRINIVASAN 
- 
SENIOR 
VICE 
PRESIDENT, 
PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the eMudhra Limited’s Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by IIFL Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Over to you sir.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today 
on Q1 FY2023 Earnings Call of eMudhra Limited. On behalf of IIFL Institutional 
Equities I would like to thank the management of eMudhra for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. Today we have with us on the call, Mr. Venkatraman 
Srinivasan, Founder and Executive Chairman; Mr. Saji K Louiz, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, Senior Vice President, Product Development. I 
will hand it over to Mr. Srinivasan to give the opening remarks and take the 
proceedings forward. Thank you and over to you sir.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
 Thank you, Rishi. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the eMudhra Limited’s 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Concall. Trust all are staying safe and healthy.
We had the debut listing on BSE and NSE in June, 2022. During our previous earnings 
call, we had presented a detailed overview of our business model and underlying 
strength, our business segments and product portfolio and the financial performance 
for FY2022. Our Q1 FY2023 investor presentation has already been shared and copy 
of which is available on our website and on the stock exchanges. I hope all of you had 
the opportunity to go through the presentation.  
 For all the new participants to our conference call, I would like to briefly summarize 
the company overview. eMudhra started its business in 2008, with the mission to 
accelerate the transition and to secure an integrated digital ecosystem with the digital 
identity and trust, at its core for individuals and organizations. Over the past decade, 
we laid great focus on product development, enterprise solutions, cost management, 
while also laying stress on security, compliance, governance and client support.  
As of now, we have around 1.6 lakh retail customers and about 1 lakh channel partners 
in our Digital Trust Services segment. In the Enterprise Solutions our client base is 614 
and we have 277 partners in India and 288 partners in 21 countries. Our client base 
consists of a diversified mix of government, BFSI and private sector.   
 Now, moving on to quarterly performance, I am pleased to report that we have 
registered a strong quarterly number in Q1 FY2023 and continue to maintain our 
growth momentum. During the quarter, we have delivered strong Revenue of Rs. 522 
million with growth of 21.7% year-on-year and 15% on quarter-on-quarter basis. The 
company delivered strong margin profile with EBITDA margins at 40.1% and PAT 
margins at 26%. The quarter-on-quarter PAT growth was 27% and year-on-year PAT 
growth was 44.4%. This was aided by growth in our Enterprise Solutions business, 
especially in international markets. This is also a reflection of enterprises globally, 
adopting cybersecurity and paperless transformation solutions as part of enterprise 
digital initiatives.  
 We have also registered key project events during the quarter, such as: 
•
Implemented emCA Certificate Life Cycle Management for a large telecom
company in Asia Pacific, to help them issue digital signature certificates for
various B2G and B2B use cases
•
Completed rollout of emSigner for end-to-end paperless transformation for a
large bank in West Africa for various use cases across retail and corporate
banking customers

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 3 of 15 
•
Implementing ePassport rollout for a country in middle east using emCA and
allied solutions to comply with ePassport issuances as per International Civil
Aviation Organization
•
Implementation of solution for usage and integration of identity backed
digital signatures for a blockchain platform in USA for secure exchange of
documents.
•
Won deals from Smart Cities in India for digital signature based
authentication for secure user and device access.
We look forward to maintaining this growth momentum in our Enterprise Solution 
business backed by our competitive advantage, established presence in key markets 
and diverse product portfolio in the area of digital security and paperless 
transformation.  
 And again, coming to the near-term strategic focus areas, globally pandemic has 
resulted in businesses, moving towards contactless touchpoints, processes, products, 
and that’s helping them moving towards digital ecosystem backed by a strong focus on 
data security and compliance. This initial requirement has forced enterprises to adopt 
completely digital ways of doing business, creating new business opportunities for 
companies like ours. eMudhra is glad to be part of this digital transformation ecosystem 
and our emphasis is on: 
•
Creating market leadership through innovation, product superiority and
growing market presence across our identity, authentication and eSignature
workflow  suite of offerings
•
Market expansion: We see opportunity in expanding the market through
growth in some of the geographies where we have already been operating
and penetration into newer markets through partnerships
•
Developing sector specific new products: We have already been verticalizing
our product emSigner for banking industry, which  has yielded  good results.
Similarly, we aim to focus on other industries, such as insurance, pharma,
where there is need for identity based digital workflows. This will strengthen
our positioning in such industries, which present significant growth potential
•
Tapping into new age industries: There are a number of developments in the
blockchain, IoT, and Electric Vehicle ecosystem where security and
identities are becoming critical. We will continue to position our digital trust
offering to these new and emerging industries
With the above strategic imperatives, we intend to grow from strength to strength 
globally supported by our commitment to deliver solutions to our secure digital 
transformation. Our more than a decade long experience and presence in this niche 
space positions us uniquely as a one-stop-shop player and continues to enable us 
maintain our leadership and expand our presence in the Enterprise Solutions, both in 
India and internationally.  
 I now request Mr. Saji Louiz to take us through the overall performance of the company 
for this quarter.   
Saji Louiz: 
Thank you, Mr. Srinivasan. A very good afternoon to all the attendees. I will present 
the recent financial performance of the company.  
In Q1 FY2023 I'm pleased to report that our revenue from operations grew by 22% 
year-on-year basis to Rs. 522 million, the revenue growth was led by Enterprise 
Solutions segment, which registered revenues of worth Rs. 331 million, a strong 
growth of 52% year-on-year basis. The Enterprise Solutions business in the 
international markets grew by 140% on a year-on-year basis. The Trust Service 
registered revenue of Rs. 191 million with de-growth of 9% year-on-year basis. 
However, it registered a sequential growth of 6%.  

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 4 of 15 
 Our EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.  212 million grew by 37% year-on-year basis and 
the margins also improved from 35.2% in Q1 FY2022 to 40.1% in Q1 FY2023. We 
recorded a strong net profit of Rs. 137 million up by 44% year-on-year basis with 
margins of 26%. EBITDA growth and margin improvement was driven by higher 
contribution from Enterprise Solutions business and operational efficiencies. The 
company has become a debt free at the end of June, 2022.  
We will continue to set new strategic benchmarks across all our business categories, 
diversify our client base to increase our wallet share. In addition, we are working to 
put new growth strategies into place while optimizing and enhancing overall 
operational efficiencies. The combination of these factors will allow us to deliver 
sustainable growth and improve our profitability in the coming quarters.  
 Thank you very much. And now we will be happy to answer any question you have on 
company's recent performance or business model.   
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Amit Jeswani from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead.   
Amit Jeswani: 
Sir I've got few questions, I’m just trying to understand your business model. My first 
question is on the enterprise side. Sir, out of the Rs. 33 crore revenues, how much 
would be implementation revenue and how much would be like a recurring revenue 
kind of model?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, as earlier indicated -- because we sell, both on-premise and also the cloud model, 
but predominant sale is the on-premise model and some amount of sale is the cloud 
model, particularly the emSigner and on the on-premise model, mainly license 
revenues and some implementation customization revenue and on the license revenue 
around 20% AMC comes. So that's where within our Enterprise Solution around 20% 
revenue is recurring revenue, balance revenue is the one-time revenue, but this one-
time revenue, again, it depends on the number of users, number of instances and all 
that. So when that increases, there is a further potential to increase. Then the second 
aspect is, generally we sell every four, five years, we do a tech upgrade and that upgrade 
the people buy a newer version instead of older version. So that also gives the 
opportunity to get the new license revenue. So this is how our enterprise business 
model works. So quite a lot of revenue now will be predominantly the new license 
revenue and also the professional services revenue to implement and customize that.   
Amit Jeswani: 
Got it. Sir your last con-call you said that your order book had doubled from last year. 
Sir what are the trend and what's the order book as of today, can you like what's the 
total contract, executable contract that we have in the next, like three months, six 
months that we can do? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
The order book is improving in the same trend, but the number on what is the order 
book, we have not revealed. So that's where that we have still not decided. So, but the 
trend is quite good and trend is improving.   
Amit Jeswani: 
Got it. So on the Trust Services sir, you get Aadhaar based revenues also or you get 
primarily from DSC based selling, is where you get the revenues? And every two years 
the person will have to renew their DSC. Am I right?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Correct. Yes. Generally technically some DSC can be valid up to three years, but in 
India, somehow the practice of doing a two year DSC is there. So that's where every 
year predominantly 90% people go for only two year DSC. So every two year it has to 
be renewed.   
Amit Jeswani:  
Sir do we get some money from the Aadhaar based OTP also? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
 No. Aadhaar based there is Aadhaar based eSign and DSC can be issued on Aadhaar 
based, both Aadhar fingerprint and Aadhaar OTP. So those are only mechanism to 
ensure the KYC. And after that, we issue the DSC. So upon issuance of DSC, if it is a 
crypto token based DSC, then for that, we are selling the DSC, which we get, if it is a 
eSign then on the eSign sale we get, but both are issued based on Aadhaar also, and 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 5 of 15 
Aadhaar method also CG office has prescribed, which is a PAN card and Aadhaar 
address proof and all that. So on any basis which is prescribed by the Ministry of IT, 
we can issue. One of the basis prescribed as the Aadhaar OTP and Aadhaar fingerprint. 
Amit Jeswani: 
Now sir I’m trying to understand your business model little better on the growth side. 
Sir what kind of growth rate you expect? Like today let's say enterprise is 60% of our 
business, right 19 out of total Rs. 52 crore revenue, if Rs. 19 crore is Trust Based, and 
rest is Enterprise. Just trying to understand where are you seeing the traction and what’s 
our growth, what's our aspiration? Do we want to move from let's say a Rs. 200 crore 
company today to Rs. 300 crore, Rs. 400 crore company and what are the things that 
we will have to do to get there?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
  No aspiration is really big. Everybody has to ask for big then only one can succeed in 
life. So that the aspiration is really big. But big thing is, as earlier, even in the earlier 
meeting, we had told that the Enterprise Business is likely to grow better than the Trust 
Service business, because the Enterprise Business, it is not only limited to India there 
is a global growth possibilities are there. And even the market research reports and all 
had predicted almost 30%, 35% growth rate globally on this various, the Enterprise 
Solutions, what we are having.  
 So that's where we are more and more enriching those enterprise solutions. One is as 
part of this project, for which we raised money, three new product we are doing, which 
are complementary to our product like remote signing, discovery and IoT certificate 
and all that. Apart from that, also we are evaluating more on how, when the quantum 
computing comes, what is to be done with the cryptography, then even today, if you 
see for this cryptography, one of the thing is the storage happens in a machine called 
the HSM and all the HSM machines are imported. So whether anything can be done 
on the HSM research can be done. So like that, many areas, allied areas we are working 
on and then see how to grow in those areas, not only domestically, but globally.   
Amit Jeswani: 
My last question is on the Trust Business side. So why did you see a 9% revenue drop 
in the Trust Business? Because, in a Y-o-Y basis, because assuming it's not a return 
filing season, but this quarter, but that was the same thing last quarter as well. Do you 
see decent like, because I was seeing that Frost & Sullivan Report it was showing 18%,-
20% growth. Do you expect 18%- 20% because I understand your Enterprise Business 
is, where the hyper scale will happen for you. Right. And that is a very large 
opportunity. We're trying to understand, do you think you can, the DSC model way of 
working can get disrupted?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No. The growth, 18%- 20% of growth has to happen not only in the DSC business, but 
also including SSL business. And we have got the SSL, because SSL also will get 
transferred under digital services. So that full ability to do SSL we got only in 
December. Now we are perfecting the SSL issuance and already some orders have 
come. So that is one area of growth which has to happen.  
 And the second thing is, the more and more issuances to IoT devices that also has to 
happen then to your question why the last year first quarter to this year quarter why 
there is a drop? Because there is also a pricing pressure compared to the last year, first 
quarter. So because of that pricing pressure, also it happened, but sequential quarter, 
we have grown. And generally also the Trust Service, Indian DSC business is the 
weakest during the first quarter every year. Then once the signing season and filing 
season pick up, it'll improve. And in the fourth quarter also because of the lot of 
government tender and all it'll improve, but the first quarter is generally weakest 
quarter. So that's where we feel definitely it'll pick up in the coming quarter. And also 
this SSL and IoT also is picking up. So including all that, this is what the Frost & 
Sullivan Report projects almost.   
Amit Jeswani: 
Sir, I was just going through in your retail market, which is 24% market share. Okay. 
Like out of your Trust Services 24% is retail. There sir, your realization isRs. 1,300 
Rs. 1,400 per DSC, right?  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 6 of 15 
Amit Jeswani: 
And your distribution business, which is 75% of the business there, our realization is 
Rs. 300. Basically our margins are way higher in the retail part. Right?  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Correct. 
Amit Jeswani:  
So why are we not scaling up the retail part aggressively? Why are we not like, because 
your realizations are basically amazing, right? Your growth margins are like 95% plus 
in that side. So why we not scaling up the retail part?  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No we are scaling up. If you see last three years, retail business has grown three times. 
So now we are more aggressive, our aim is even now, we are in terms of volume, we 
are only 4% to 5% of volume in retail business. Our aim is to grow it to 10% over the 
years. But for that again, earlier, lot of impediments were there. I had explained in an 
earlier call also, because two years back, everything was not fully digital. So we needed 
this RAs sub RAs to do document verification and all that. So that's why at that time, 
direct retail business was not viable, but now it is viable and we have started two year 
back. Now we have come to considerable position. This is where we are putting more 
focus and then improving the direct sales, but it takes lot of time and another thing is 
the people are also aligned with their chartered accountant, their company secretary, 
and they are aligned with some wholesale distributor.  
So if we are all breaking all this and approaching that it'll take some time, which, but 
it is happening. So it is not, that last two, three year retail has not grown, in the last 
two, three years, almost it has grown three times. And we expect that is where the 
growth will come, because in the partner led model continuously it'll come under more 
pricing pressure. But this retail model is where we feel the growth can really happen in 
terms of the value. And we are definitely working towards that.    
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir just wanted to check again on Trust Services, the performance of 9% Y-o-Y 
decline,. Despite the fact that we do have an inflation led adjustments with every year, 
so we would have some kind of inpatient that we have with our client, especially the 
retail client. So when the renewal happens at a certain inflation rate firstly, what is that 
inflation rate? And despite having that clause, what really, this fall of 9% seems to be, 
if you could just help us match the numbers there?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
The main thing is, as I said, compared to last year, first quarter, if you see, the prices 
were higher and comparatively with more and more competitive price in channel, I'm 
not talking about price in the retail. So almost compared to that some 10% to 15% 
prices have reduced over the next one or two quarters. We are currently working, even 
at the time of public issue, we worked with revised prices only, which is currently also 
continuing. So that's where, compared to that first quarter, there is a decline, but 
compared to the last quarter, there is a growth because in spite of the, generally the 
growth happens in the DSC business in the more in the filing season and also in the 
last quarter where lot of tender filing seasons were happening in the June month. So 
both are very important drivers.  
Generally it is less in the first quarter, in spite of it compared to the Q4 of last year, it 
has grown almost 6% because of this, in spite of the price decline compared to the 
previous year, first quarter. So that rate is an increasing trend only, not in a declining 
trend, but the mainly because of the pricing pressure compared to one year back, 
compared to that it is slightly lower. 
Vimal Gohil: 
For the full year, sir, are we on track to report growth for Trust Services vis-à-vis 
FY2022?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, yes. Because the main season is in the next two quarter, then third, fourth quarter 
are the tender filing season and all that. Then another thing which is accelerating is the 
SSL because SSL itself, we have started getting some orders now that will also 
accelerate.  

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 7 of 15 
Vimal Gohil: 
So the SSL business, sorry to interrupt, the SSL business is the website certificate 
business, right?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Website certificate, yes.  
Vimal Gohil:  
Okay. Yes, please carry on.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. So that's where we feel we will be in trend only. 
Vimal Gohil:  
Got it. And sir, lastly on margins, we are at the level at what we are at right now, at 
almost 40%, how much more upside from here? And if at all, there is going to be an 
upside. Where is that going to come from? I mean, I'm sure if you really want to sort 
of scale up the Enterprise Business, we will have to invest, probably in more manpower 
bandwidth, etc?  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, right. 
Vimal Gohil:  
So where do you see the margins coming from, or what are the levers to maintain 
margins at these levels? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No maintaining it because ours is a product business on the additional sale, gross 
margin will be higher, but to get to more and more additional sale and growth 
momentum, we need to employ more people in multiple geographies. So that will also 
involve cost. So I would safely assume that current EBITDA margin of 40%, if we 
maintain it is very good and it is maintainable. So assuming that we may go to 45%, 
40%, maybe if we go ahead, it may be possible, but at this juncture, I don’t want to go 
into that direction   
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Gedda from SBI Mutual Funds. Please go 
ahead.   
Vivek Gedda: 
Firstly, I wanted to check on the Enterprise India Business, it looks like bulk of our 
growth came from outside India. And from that context, while our Enterprise India 
partners grew by 8%, what happened to the revenues? Was it actually higher as well 
on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Enterprise India, a lot of large government business, the sites were not fully ready and 
they could not go with the implementation and all that. So that’s where, the revenues 
could not be booked. So that’s where, there is a slightly that did not grow as well as 
how international business grew, but the order book, everything is intact. And then the 
more of implementation now we are planning in the second quarter. So with that, I 
think it'll come back in the second and third quarter.   
Vivek Gedda: 
Sorry. Just on the Enterprise Business, what percentage of revenues have come from 
system integrators?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
That is the same around 28% - 30%. 
Vivek Gedda:  
28% to 30%.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Actually some of the government projects now we are directly winning, some of the 
government projects only come through the system integrator. So it is around the same 
thing.   
Vivek Gedda: 
Got that. Lastly, I infact wanted to check on the margin part itself. 40% margin seems 
to be much before CAR expectations, is that function of also revenue mix, you spoke 
about licenses being higher and because of which your gross margins were better. But 
I also want to check if is that a function of the revenue mix in this quarter? I mean, is 
there a difference between exports and domestic by any chance and Trust Services and 
Enterprise, for example, we know that? 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 8 of 15 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
The hardware, if you see the gross margin level, the gross margin level is almost 
maintained, if you see the Q1 FY2022 was 82.4%. Then Q4 FY2022 was 83% and then 
Q1 FY2023, also 83.5%. So the mix of hardware to software and the enterprise to other, 
that mix remains the same still, we are not really focusing on the hardware business. 
So if we put too much hardware into that top line can increase, but it can reduce the 
gross margin.   
Vivek Gedda: 
Okay. So and just to get this right in the next quarter, when the Trust Services business 
kind of improves again, I mean, as a percentage of the overall revenues, our margins 
could still sustain around 40%?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, EBITDA margin right? Yes. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Trust services also predominantly it is DSC only know, that’s not much as the token, 
which is a hardware. So as long as it is DSC is what we are aiming that margin can be 
sustained.   
Vivek Gedda: 
Okay. Lastly, I think you also called out that there are macro challenges, while your 
exports have done really well. I just wanted to get an outlook on exports from full year 
basis? Also, since you’ve called out the macro challenges as well, has it impacted in 
form of delays or deferments in any part of your order book so far?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, no, not up to now, because macro challenges are at a very big level. We are only 
looking at niche segment and not such a large number in a way of affecting the macro 
challenge, no. So that, you  have to know, it has not affected, up to now, the pipeline, 
order book, everything is going very well. So not, that way.   
Vivek Gedda: 
And we are on track to strong exports this year compared to what we were expecting 
earlier?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. Definitely because more and more lot of projects are coming, even in US, there 
was a very good win. Now another one good win we are expecting in this quarter from 
the US, which comes that could itself be $1 million order per year. So those kinds of 
things. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Amrish Kakkar an Individual Investor. 
Amrish Kakkar: 
Just a follow-up on the earlier question on Enterprise Revenue split. I understand that 
AMCs will probably kick in one year after the license is installed, but would it be 
possible going forward to split the revenues into customization license and AMC and 
what could be that split as on today, if you're able to share for this quarter, please?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No quarter wise splitting is very difficult, on the whole generally the AMC is around 
18% to 22% of the AMC, which is charged. And in that again, somewhere, it starts 
immediately upon delivery of license also somewhere in three months, somewhere in 
one year. So that way exactly in each then it has to get into project wise, which is very 
different steps.   
Amrish Kakkar: 
But the customization revenue is that possible to understand what proportion is it half 
the revenue or is it less?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, customization will be 20% of the overall project not more. Ours are all quickly 
implementable project and we don't entertain too much customization. 
Amrish Kakkar: 
Just on that, following up on that, just to understand the cost evolution as well. Is there 
anything to read into the increase in employee costs as a percentage of revenue? Is this 
more normalized trend because of pricing in the market or are we already starting 
investing in say the US or something like that?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, we have already started employing more people, employing more people, not only 
in geographies, US as well as other geographies and also for the inside sales and sales 
in India. So that’s where inline with the sales trend it will increase, but percentage wise, 
it'll will yield, the EBITDA margin.   

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 9 of 15 
Amrish Kakkar: 
And last question, just to understand a little, the cost of goods sold, you have something 
called operating expenses. What is this? Is this your data center costs? What exactly? 
How should we read this and understand this going forward?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, the operating expenses is mainly for example, in our Trust Service revenue, we 
are paying commission to the channel partners, so who are achieving whatever budget 
prescribed. So those commissions, so whatever is directly relatable to the revenue that 
comes under the operational expenses.  
And for example, for some company, if we do a resource based billing, monthly billing 
kind of thing, that will also come under operating expenses, then wherever we sell 
HSM or where we sell the token. So that will be hardware and  that will come under 
the purchase of stock in trade and also change in stock of stock in trade. So that 
represents the hardware from the hardware revenue, but the operating expense is 
related to the commission revenue and the other direct expenses relating to a specific 
sale. Those are all coming under it now.   
Amrish Kakkar: 
So this is more driven off the Trust business. I mean, there will always be other costs 
also.  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Trust business sometime some enterprise business also where we give commission, 
where we have transfer pricing, then that only comes in the top line, but where we are 
billing directly to the end customer and passing on some 20% commission or 10% 
commission, those will come under the operating expenses.   
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Jeswani from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead.   
Amit Jeswani: 
I’m just trying to understand, since you spoke about the SSL business broadly, sir 
people sell SSL certificates for Rs. 400, Rs. 500, right?  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. 
Amit Jeswani:  
Is there a number of website that we are looking to target? Like we want to have, let's 
say, like 10 lakh SSL certificates or like, what is it that we offer that the competition 
doesn't offer? Because, sir this is a very competitive market.   
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Yes. So when Frost & Sullivan did the research, they estimated the India market size 
itself to be around Rs. 250 crore. The Rs. 400 crore, Rs. 500 crore again, there are three 
types of certificates. One is a DV certificate, OV certificate, and EV certificate. The 
OV, EV certificates are much, much sort of higher in terms of their pricing, right? So 
while there is no exact estimate on the number of websites, as you can see, the number 
is fairly large, both in India and globally. And that's the market that we're looking to 
go after immediately in India and then adjoining emerging markets and overtime 
established, a base for going global.   
Amit Jeswani: 
So I was just speaking about the next few quarters of growth. Do you think it's a good 
way of modeling 35% growth or we will do better than the industry growth in the 
Enterprise business for the next three, four, five quarters?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, we do not want to give any guidance so.   
Amit Jeswani:  
But sir we will be growing at least at the industry side is that right way of thinking? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
So that way we don't want to give, we will work harder to see whatever maximum can 
be possible, but we don't want to give any guidance for the growth.  
Amit Jeswani: 
Right, sir. So on one question I was trying to understand in our India business, we've 
got 600 customers, right? And global business, we've got, 50 customers. And then how 
do we calculate that recurring model that 90% of our clients are recurring. It's only the 
20% of the revenue, which is recurring. And that's how we count that the retention ratio 
is 90%.   

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 10 of 15 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No. Those same customers, if they order next year also something, for example, 
additional licensing, they order or additional some other product they order or for 
maintenance, they order something or they say, we give you a staffing assignment of 
eight people to do some further customization. So wherever the customer again, next 
year also, they continue to be the customer, apart from using the product everybody 
will use, but they give some fresh revenue to us. We are calculating as a recurring 
customer, but it'll not be like a staffing service IT Company where the same level of 
service 100 people means 100 people will continue. It is not like that.   
Amit Jeswani: 
So these 614 customers are largely financial, or they are across industry? Largely will 
be financial am I right financials and the government?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No. Across industry government is also there, then BFSI is there, then the other 
industry is also there because our products are really industry agnostic. So if you see 
the three product only the paperless transformation it can be used for any industry 
though banking specific product we have made, but general product is also there, which 
goes into any industry. Similarly emAS authentication solution, also in industry 
agnostic and predominantly used by lot of government organization and also large 
banks. Then if you see the CA solution, it is a specific solution for creating a Certifying 
Authority and then issuing the certificate itself. So, which is again, a separate industry. 
It's not BFSI industry or a government industry, but today more and more of niche 
areas like this defense and various things, they want to issue their own certificate and 
encrypt everything. So that the data becomes very confidential. So they don't want to 
use the public certifying authority’s digital certificate. So this is another area which is 
a niche area, which is evolving and where we are able to supply our products. So it is 
across industries.   
Amit Jeswani: 
So, at Enterprise business is like a tech services business model, right? Where analysts 
will start looking at your business on quarter to quarter basis, right? Like quarter over 
quarter both, whereas the Trust service business has got seasonality right. Sir in Trust 
services, you have this thing that typically Q1 is 20% of the revenue Q2 is 20%, Q3 is 
probably 50%, something like that?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Seasonality in Trust service is also not very high or like what it used to be, but 
somewhat it is there, but in the next three quarters, it may not be highly seasonal. First 
quarter, generally it is slightly less.  
Amit Jeswani: 
Got it. So first quarter will be like 20% rest would be broadly 27%, 27% like that you're 
saying.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. 
Amit Jeswani: 
And sir, the enterprise business should we look at it like a IT services company, like 
quarter over quarter growth is what we focus on?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. Quarter-over-quarter, but it is not like an IT services company., In IT services 
business, it is based on the number of people you employ and for the same people again 
and again, until they come out of that company, they will be continuously billed. Here, 
you have to supply the product and on the product there will be an AMC there will be 
customization. Then product is the licensed so as long as they use additional licenses, 
they give additional business and additional money to us like that. So first we may give 
50 user license, then 100 user license and somebody comes, so generally we don't give, 
unless it is a very large company where we want to get brand, we don't give enterprise 
wide license. We give only limited user license and limited number of server license. 
So that there is an additional scope for getting from the same company. So it is not 
proportionate to how many people we are employing or not like that.  
Amit Jeswani:  
Got it. So, sir we’ve got three products, emSigner would be our largest product? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes.   
Amit Jeswani:  
Got it. Sir like how big do you think we can scale these EMs, because we are trying to 
understand, it’s a new business, right. And there is no other company like yours, which 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 11 of 15 
is listed. So I’m just trying to understand how big can this emSigner business get, and 
how big is that global market for that emSigner because I know you're very popular for 
the emSigner part like globally?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No global business if you see DocuSign, they are also a paperless workflow product. 
And they had some, two, three years back in their prospectus they had written the 
global market size is 25 billion. And they even achieved 2 billion revenue. So that way 
globally immense potential will be there. And how far we are pumping the money and 
we are able to capture the global market and all that. Another thing is even as per the 
market research report, we are also ranked on par with the big players. So that's where 
overtime good potential is there. But now we are not into that league. We are now only 
at a very smaller level compared to all of them so I feel there is a very good potential 
overtime.   
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Firstly, on the Enterprise Solution business and the revenues and the pipeline that is 
coming from outside India, can you give some color in terms of, you know, which 
geographies have been doing relatively better, both on revenue as well as on pipeline? 
And also I think earlier you had mentioned that incrementally, we are going into a 
software-as-a-service model, for international geographies. Is it something that playing 
out, at all and, how much of proportion would be coming from that?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. First is, which geography is doing? One is the US, US itself is picking up well. 
So now we have got one order in the first quarter, then again, another good order we 
are negotiating. We are, hopeful we'll get it in the second quarter, if we get it should 
do well in the US, then the Middle East continues to do well. So we got another large 
bank order in the last quarter and one or two more banks, we are negotiating 
particularly in the Middle East and also in the Africa. So, and in Europe, again, we are 
negotiating, through one of the major system integrator in the UK market. So that way 
the international business is going very well. And I think it'll go as per, what we had 
internally projected and all that. So this is one thing. Then the second question is about 
what? 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, from a revenue model perspective. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes, recurring revenue, the recurring revenue side. We have to make everything more 
into, that also we are consciously starting, infact using on the cloud. But today our 
product usage is predominantly not on the cloud, predominantly in the, on-premise 
model. On-premise model itself how can we make it into a recurring model that is 
another attempt we are making, so that instead of collecting the license revenue 
upfront, we can make it into a three year license, five year license, two year license like 
that. And then every two year renewal so that is also starting. So in one or two places 
on that basis, we have bid and in one place, most likely on that basis, we will win also. 
So that, that is starting now only. So maybe over next to one or two years, it'll get into 
some size, it may not take into some big size in the immediate year, but in the next two 
years, it can do.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And in terms of proportion of revenues coming from emSigner versus 
emCA versus emAS, I mean, is any one particular product outgrowing the other two in 
terms of their revenue share within solutions?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
It is in the same order. Main thing is emSigner next is emCA and the third is the emAS. 
So in the same order, it is growing, even in the international order, the emSigner is 
where even the Middle East Bank, mainly went for the emSigner, then the African 
Banks are also going for emSigner, but the emCA product, also one or two traction, we 
had one in Middle East itself, and also in Europe. So that way it's also going but 
proportion wise emSigner is much better, much more compared to emCA. And we are, 
one more thing on the emCA also, we are saying how to do into SaaS model, or that as 
a managed service if we can offer the emCA. So once our certificate discovery product 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 12 of 15 
is ready, which may take another, maybe two to three months’ time, then we may be 
able to offer that on as SaaS model emCA also. So then that can also grow very well.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Sir, on the Trust Services, on the DSC, basically, while you mentioned about 
pricing compression on a year-on-your basis, but, would you have some color in terms 
of volume market share if that number has gone up gone down, how it has moved over 
the last 12 months?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No volume has not gone down. The volume we are monitoring every month on month 
basis. Volume has not gone down and we may be same, even if for this year we 
calculate the thing we may be still 37%, 38% of market share, which we are sure, but 
we are not done such engagement, which we may have to do, but we may be in the 
share. So volume is not down, but compared to the first quarter of last year, because 
what happened is last quarter of 2021-20’22, because what is happening, the price 
suddenly improves. Everybody come together and improve it right. Then the price go 
on dropping then after that again, sometime it’ll improve. So such a major 
improvement in the price happened in the January to March, 2021. Then in March, 
April to May 2021 also price was higher then the price reduced. But for all our internal 
working, we had assumed the reduced pricing only. So compared to that pricing, it is 
not further reduced or anything like that. So we are able to maintain it and everybody 
is realizing and everybody is maintaining it also. So that’s where I feel in the coming 
three quarters because the season is coming and because finally last quarter, all the 
government tender and other things will come and also SSL will come. We definitely 
can achieve whatever we had initiated.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Sir the other question is on, employee costs, right so what is our wage 
hike cycle in which quarter do we end up giving it? How much have we or do we plan 
to do? And also if you can give some color on hiring for the year?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
We have, we give the wage hike from April 1st of every year, so this year we have 
already given. So the total wage hike given is almost some for the people whom hike 
is given. It is around 15%, but there are also new joinees for whom the hike may not 
be given so on the total, if you take everything into account, it is around 12% hike 
which has been given. So then in the next quarter that hike will not come because we 
generally give the hike from April 1st.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
And hiring,  what is the headcount and what are the plans for hiring for this year? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Hiring based on needs it is going on. So almost, at present we want to hire around 200 
people. And last quarter, I think some 50, 60 people has been hired. And now we want 
to hire 200 people because, we want to position mainly for the inside sales, and also 
some of the international roles so that we can deeply penetrate the market.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Great. And just one last question on margin. So now that we are operating at almost 
40% EBITDA, just wanted to understand over the next 12 months, do we have planned 
investments, which will ensure that margins normalize a bit lower compared to where 
you were in FY2022 or, we are actually, the profitability of the business has improved, 
and this is something that can be maintained even with the planned investments we 
have for the next year?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No. In the planned investment if you see the data center, product development, these 
kind of investments, only the out of the public issue money, only the repayment of 
loan, which we have repaid. And the second thing is the data center investment, which 
will get capitalized, but some depreciation will come, but it'll not affect the EBITDA 
but it may affect a PAT to some extent. Then the product development also will be 
capitalized. But the main thing which can affect is US market expansion, where it may 
go in revenue expenditure. But to that extent, we will also do it gradually so that when, 
along with the improvement in the revenue, if improvement in revenue happen that can 
add to more margins, so this cost can be offset, but 1% or 2% here and there can be 
there, but, we will not do in a very indiscriminate manner so that the margin falls down 
in a big way.   

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 13 of 15 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from Deep Research Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Amit Shah: 
Yes, the couple of questions on the growth front. So if we see our enterprise business, 
this quarter we've grown about 50% for this quarter and our growth for the Trust 
Services business also, we are down 9% on that business, this is a one off quarter in 
terms of pricing pressure in that. So can we see a Rs. 230 crore to Rs. 240 crore revenue 
number let's say for FY2023 and from there onwards we could see 20%, 25% growth 
where Enterprise business grows at 30% and the trust services business grows at 20% 
is that a fair assumption to make?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, I explained. No, we do not want to give a guidance as a policy. So if I state the 
amount, it will be like giving a guidance. 
Amit Shah: 
No, this is just to understand, because if your numbers, if you just translate your 
numbers to enterprise growth was fairly high.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
You have to interpret, I do not want to add any guess and give a guidance. 
Amit Shah:  
Okay. So in this pricing pressure, which you spoke about, which happened this quarter, 
so is that a phenomenon, which keeps happening every year or there is something 
which is one off, which has happened this year?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, every two, three year it happens. So what happens is because the competitors think 
that they're putting more, reduce the price, there can be market share more, then they 
come down to a certain point and again, everybody jacks up. So this the last seven, 
eight years it has continuously happened like this. So again, last year, the prices were 
reset because before that, it was 185, 175 from there suddenly it was rest to 340, 350 
during the COVID time. Then from there, again, it started coming down and now it has 
stabilized almost from even July, August of last year itself. It is more or less 
established. It's not declining at that rate.   
Amit Shah: 
So, let's say if the prices seven or eight years back were Rs. 100. So what will be that 
price today? Let's say you started at Rs.  100.  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
When the DSC started if you see the Information Technology Act, they have put a 
maximum price of Rs. 25,000 for DSC. That was there originally from there, it went 
up to even Rs. 80 at one point of time. So then again it went up to Rs. 350, Rs. 400. 
Then again, it went down like this it went up and down, over the last several years. 
Amit Shah: 
Got it. Currently, what would be your capital allocation policy? Because you'd be 
generating close to Rs. 50 crore, Rs. 55 crore of profits in FY2023. So that would be 
redistributed as dividends to shareholders, or you'll have some other acquisitions to 
make. What kind of reinvestments you will be looking at?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
We have made a dividend distribution policy up to 35% of our, Indian profit will be 
distributed as dividend in line with that the last year also, we are distributing around 
Rs. 10 crore as dividend. So, and, again, if you see the cash balance, also, we have 
raised the money and then we are cash positive and EBITDA positive, net profit is 
there, net profit plus depreciation, cash accrual is there, so as a result as per policy we 
will be distributing dividend.   
Amit Shah:  
Okay. So we won't be having any interest costs, in the next three quarters? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, because we have fully repaid the loan.   
Amit Shah: 
Right. And just coming back to the license, AMC revenues, which you spoke earlier, 
so 20% would be recurring revenues for us and 80% would be one time and out of four 

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 14 of 15 
or five years, you will get an upgrade of the software that's where they'll pay you back. 
Is that a right assumption to make?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, out of that one time also, one time is limited to 50 user, 100 user as and when they 
cross the number of users, they have to pay the additional license revenue. So that way 
it is not that for next five years, you will have no revenue. Next five years also 
incremental revenue will be there, but it may not be as much as see originally when 
you enter, some cases, it can be originally what it was, some cases, it may be lower. 
Originally you have entered with the 200 people license. Then additionally 10 people 
they want, or 20 people they want. They'll pay extra every year, but it may not be equal 
to the 200 people license.   
Amit Shah: 
Got it. And let's say, what kind of new product innovations we are doing, be it in other 
platforms, other applications. So what kind of revenues, let's say the new products 
would have generated in the last three years, any idea on that?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
The new products are all allied products to our existing lines. So if you see the remote 
training product, it is again, allied to Trust service. If you see the certificate discovery 
product again, allied to Trust services, then if you see the other IoT product, it is again 
related to our onsite emCA as well as Trust services. So within this group of product, 
we are enriching the operational aspect and enriching the product, which will give our 
competitive capability and also enhance our pricing power. So we are not going totally 
into completely new product, which will give a new set of revenue kind of thing. 
Amit Shah: 
Got it. And your focus let's say for the next three or four years would be completely on 
Enterprise business, right the paperless transformation market, which you all have been 
speaking about, or it would be on the DSC side where opportunity is a bit limited, but 
your margin is significantly higher?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
The Enterprise side we will grow more, but nevertheless, even the Trust service side 
also we will grow and Trust service side also, we are trying to go more and more 
international. So both side we will grow, but the percentage growth, we feel at this 
juncture could be more in the Enterprise side than in the Trust services.   
Amit Shah: 
And in the Trust services, which you are taking it outside of India today, what kind of 
competition you would be facing there or would you be having or it would be a market 
where you would have first mover advantage?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No. Initially, we are taking it to countries where the number of providers are low. So 
that’s where in Africa we are taking and in Middle East, we are taking where the 
number of providers are lower, where the number of providers are very high, there we 
have not yet taken and there, we are trying to align with other Trust service provider 
and sell our solutions through them or to their customers. 
Amit Shah: 
Is it fair to assume that, the outside of India revenues would be around 50% in next two 
years, right now for this quarter, it was around 35% or so. So would it be fair to assume 
it will be 50% after two years?   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
International revenue yes, overtime because international is a very huge opportunity. 
So it'll grow in a big way.   
Amit Shah:  
The receivable terms will be similar as at of India? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
International receivables could be better than India because generally internationally, 
the credit terms are fully honored and then the procedural hassles are lower. So that 
way the credit will be better, it will be better more when you go to the US and Europe 
and all that. But Middle Eas,t Africa it will be similar to India.   
Amit Shah: 
Yes. But Europe and US would have established competition already, right, countries 
like countries in Africa or Middle East, that is where you would have lesser competition 
to penetrate in?   

e-Mundhra Limited
July 25, 2022 
Page 15 of 15 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
No, Europe and US also, because if you see it today, the kind of range, what we have 
developed, not many companies have developed in even in US and Europe. So even 
within Europe itself, we are trying to, our emCA product, has taken one of the system 
integrator to substitute a local European product with our emCA product. So that way 
it is not that, there is a number of people there. So our product superiority is there and 
then, the name is there and it is featured in major report, like Gartner report and IDC 
report and all that. So that's where we are able to penetrate.   
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities for closing comments.   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Thank you. So on behalf of IIFL Institutional Equities, we'd like to thank the 
management of eMudhra Limited to give us the opportunity of hosting this call. I will 
hand it over now to Mr. Srinivasan for any closing remarks. Thank you, sir.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan: 
Yes. Thank you. I, once again, thank all of you for joining our Q1 FY2023 earnings 
call and thank you for continuing to follow our journey as we embark on our mission 
to accelerate society’s transition to a secure, integrated, digital world. For further 
questions, you can feel free to connect with our Investor Relations team for any 
questions. Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
Notes: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior
written consent of eMudhra Limited
For further information, please contact: 
Churchgate Partners 
Ravi Gothwal / Anvita Raghuram 
eMudhra@churchgatepartners.com   
Contact: +91 22 6169 5988 
