SHOPPERS STOP 
  
  
SEC/52/2022-23 
July 29, 2022 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Code 
: 532638 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP 
  
 
  
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Q1 FY23 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company had filed letters ref. no. SEC/43/2022-23 dated July 19,2022 in respect of the analyst 
/ investors 
conference call and ref. no. SEC/50/2022-23 dated July 28, 2022 in respect of Audio Recording of analyst / investors 
conference call, on Wednesday, July 27, 2022 11:00 a.m IST to discuss the corporate performance for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022. 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the earnings conference call held on July 27, 2022. The same is simultaneously being made available on the 
website of the Company. 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
Y 
Vijay 
Kumar Gupta 
Vice President- Legal, CS & Compliance Officer 
ACS No: 14545 
  
Encl: aa 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office - Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road, Malad (West), Mumbai 
- 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T + 022 42497000, 
F + 022 28808877.CIN 
: L57900MH1997PLC108798. E-mail us at custamercare@shoppersstop.com 
Toll Free No.:T +-800-49-6648 (9 am to 9 pm).

SHOPPERS STOP 
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
MANAGEMENT: 
July 27, 2022 
MR. 
VENU 
NAIR 
— 
CUSTOMER 
CARE 
ASSOCIATE, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
MR. KARUNAKARAN MOHANASUNDARAM — CUSTOMER 
CARE ASSOCIATE, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — SHOPPERS 
STOP LIMITED 
MR. JAIPRAKASH MAHESHWARI 
— CUSTOMER CARE 
ASSOCIATE, VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE & ACCOUNTS — 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
Page 1 of 21

Moderator: 
Mamta Samat: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shoppers Stop Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing 
“* then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| 
now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta Samat. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Thank you Aman. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the Shoppers 
Stop QI FY2023 earnings conference call. Today, we have with us the senior management 
represented by Mr. Venu Nair, Customer Care Associate, Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram, Customer Care Associate and Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Jaiprakash Maheshwari, Customer Care Associate, Vice President 
Finance 
& 
Accounts. 
We 
will 
begin 
the 
call 
with 
the 
opening 
remarks 
from 
the 
management after which we will have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. 
I 
must remind you that the discussion in today’s earnings call may include certain forward- 
looking statements and must be viewed therefore in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter and yearly performance and to 
the strategic questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the 
IR team. 
I would now request Mr. Venu Nair for the opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Thank you Mamta and good morning friends. Thanks for joining us today to discuss the 
Shoppers Stop financial results for the first quarter of FY2023. As Mamta mentioned along 
with me I have got our CFO, Karuna and Jaiprakash, our VP. We had shared our QI results, 
the investor deck, and the press release with you, and 
I am sure you had a chance to go 
through 
it by now. 
In the next few minutes 
I will talk to you on our QI performance, 
progress on our strategic pillars and the way forward. In April while speaking to you on our 
Q4 performance for FY2022 
I had indicated that we had a strong March month and the 
momentum 
is continuing 
in April, indeed we have had 
a very good quarter and 
I am 
delighted to share that we had the highest sales and profits in the first quarter of a financial 
year in the history of Shoppers Stop. More importantly this momentum is carrying on. All 
our financial KPIs such as sales, gross margin, EBITDA, and profit have witnessed strong 
growth. Sales itself grew by 383% and on EBITDA we made 67 Crores as against the loss 
of Rs.116 Crores in the first quarter of last year. Even against pre-COVID sales numbers 
our non-GAAP sales grew by 8% while EBITDA grew by 37% versus pre-COVID. This is 
despite the end of season sales getting postponed by 10 days this year, had the end of season 
sales scheduled happened on the same day as that of the pre-COVID we would have 
registered a growth of 13% in sales and corresponding profits would have been higher by 
that much. 
On some of the other KPIs our gross margins have improved by 
540 
basis 
points, 
this is primarily due to the lower base of last year and the lower markdowns that we had in 
Page 2 of 21

Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
this current year. Our average selling price has grown by 15% further substantiating the 
strong consumer demand particularly the bridge to luxury categones and the premium 
categories that we are focused on and these have outperformed during this quarter. Another 
indication of this is the fact that our average bill value grew by 7% year-on-year. We have 
now had 
8 consecutive quarters of increasing average bill values and this just shows the 
sharp focus that we have 
had 
on 
our premium categories 
is being 
awarded by our 
customers. 
Our digital channel continues to outperform with a growth of 29% 
on a significantly higher 
base. On the operational costs we continue to save versus FY2020 on a like-for-like basis 
and this is despite a large inflation in lease rentals. Our operational investments in new 
stores and e-com was 33 Crores and they are being profitable. With the strong sales and the 
tight control on cost we reported an EBITDA of 67 Crores on a non-GAAP basis or 168 
Crores as per GAAP financials. On expansion we are back on the track in terms of opening 
of new stores and in the quarter we opened 
six new stores, which break down as two 
department stores, three beauty doors and one airport store. Our capex investment in new 
stores was 21 Crores. Our plans to open 12 department stores and 15 beauty doors for the 
year are on track. As always our capex has been funded through our internal resources. We 
reduced our working capital by 67 Crores and our cash from operations remain positive. 
Overall there is a transformation of the retail landscape. Customer experience is the new 
reality. A host of global trends such as changing demographics, increased urbanization and 
hybrid ways of working are coming together to propel large stores like us to change the role 
they play 
in people’s 
life. Now when customers visit our stores they are looking 
for 
multisensory experiences simultaneously keeping comfort and hygiene in mind. 
Going Omni channel has become an integral part of our strategy. 
I spoke about wardrobe 
reboot in the last two quarters. This reboot and the steady recovery of demand post-COVID 
have now moved onto Omni channelization and that will gain momentum from now on. 
Customers are being provided information on offers, promotions and unique experiences 
not just in the physical stores but also on their mobile devices. This digital transformation of 
retail is real and I am delighted to share that we have adopted and embraced it. In the true 
sense with our offline presence and the strong online presence we are the true Omni channel 
retailers and that is being rewarded by our customers. 
I will now talk to you in detail about our strategic pillars. The first one is on First Citizen 
and our First Citizen has been our loyal customer and they have been instrumental in our 
growth. With our increased offering on premiumization and various other initiatives our 
sales from First Citizen continues to grow. We had 63% of our sales from repeat customers 
on First Citizen and a further 16% from new First Citizen customers who enrolled dunng 
the quarter, first resulting in 79% of our total sales being from First Citizen customers. 
During the quarter we enrolled six-and-a-half times more First Citizen customers and in the 
premium black card program we enrolled five times more customers than the corresponding 
Page 3 of 21

Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
quarter in the last financial year. Just to remind everyone our black card program is the 
annual subscription program within our First Citizen wherein our customers pay Rs.4500 
enrollment fee or an annual subscription fee and this is the segment within our First Citizen 
base that is growing spectacularly. Some of the key features on our First Citizen program 
itself I would like to also share with you. Firstly, the median age of our First Citizen 
consumer continues to reduce and this is happening because we expand our offer to bring in 
the young consumers into our stores and online. More than 75% of our members are 
shopping for women categories, specifically on private brands our penetration within First 
Citizen customers 
is 50% 
and our engagement continues 
to 
be very high. We have 
automated replenishments for our beauty products, which is very critical and we have also 
created a point-based incentive program campaigns every month. Specifically, on our black 
card First Citizen customers we have revamped the on-boarding communication and the 
experience and the basket of benefits that they get continues to grow. Further on personal 
shoppers the contribution has been consistent and for the quarter they contributed 10% of 
our sales, here the average ticket size is over three times of our normal ticket size. We have 
done several local events to spread the awareness of our personal shopper. 
In the last 
quarter, 
I had announced the launch of co-branded HDFC Shoppers Stop credit card. 
| am 
pleased to share that we have additional members through the co-branded credit card as we 
engage with HDFC Bank in a synchronized manner and 
I am confident that many more 
HDFC Bank credit card customers will join through this program. 
Moving to a second strategic pillar of private brands we have had a fantastic quarter on 
private brands clocking the highest sales ever in a quarter. Our private brands grew by 29% 
and our share of private brands within apparels has now grown to 21%. Specifically talking 
of some categories in kids we have been growing at over 100% for the last four quarters and 
even in this quarter we grew by 181% over pre-COVID numbers. Our focus on women’s 
wear has yielded good results and our women’s wear and Indian wear put together grew by 
four times. Specifically for women’s private brands we now have Sanya Malhotra as the 
brand ambassador. For the summer season we had Sanya for Fratini and the brand grew by 
120% vs pre-COVID. In the coming seasons we will have Sanya associated with our other 
women’s wear private brands as well. The average selling price for our private brands 
increased by 50% during the quarter. Our volume more than doubled and our private brand 
contribution is at a healthy 15% at an overall level and as I said before within apparel 21%. 
Moving to the third strategic pillar on beauty and our beauty grew by 321% over last year 
with a mx of 
16.0% to our total sales. Our fragrance top 10 brands 
grew by over seven 
times. Our growth in beauty would have been higher, but the supply chain disruptions that 
we had experienced due to the disruptions in Ukraine. Our private brand sales within beauty 
have also been impacted because of the supply chain issues this time from China; however, 
despite these issues our private brand Arcelia grew by 8x and we have seen good sales 
coming in from a number of the new brands that we have introduced specifically Indian 
Page 4 of 21

Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
beauty brands and we 
are continuing 
to bring 
in more beauty brands to 
cater to the 
aspirations of the customer. During the quarter we launched over 30 digital first brands on 
shoppersstop.com. We have also opened three beauty stores during the quarter. We now 
have seven SS Beauty stores trading and we are very satisfied with the performance of these 
stores. We will continue to open more SS Beauty stores, which is a key part of our beauty 
strategy. Further to complete the Omni channel experience we will be launching ssbeauty.in 
in the month of August as I had shared with you in the last trading call. 
Moving onto our fourth strategic pillar Omni channel we have been leaped probably in our 
digital sales and for the quarter this grew by 29%. This is significant considering that we 
have had a large base in FY2022 largely on e-com space especially as stores were shut fora 
period in the first quarter of last year. As mentioned earlier we are a true Omni channel 
retailer and we are now serving customers across stores and online and have had 105% 
more visits across the channels. It is important for us to look at the customer journey across 
both channels together and that is what we have now been doing over the last few months. 
Transaction size increased by 6% in the digital channels and 38% of our total sales in this 
channel came from our First Citizen customers. As 
I spoke a few minutes back customers 
are looking forward for an Omni channel experience. 
I am glad to share that we have been 
investing and continue to invest in the Omni channel experience especially on analytics, on 
data, on content, all of which enables us to engage with our customers in a much better way. 
The investments made in the data lake last year has enabled us to have better cohorts of our 
customer helping us to personalize and cater to the leaps and aspirations of our customers in 
a much more focused manner. With our Omni channel 
retail, 
marketing, 
and service 
strategy in place, we are now reaching and engaging with our customers in whichever 
channel they choose to engage with us. As you all know majority of the customer journeys 
today start online before being completed either in store or online. We see the journeys 
weaving across various channels through shopperstop.com, social media channels, etc., as 
Omni channel integrates offline and online, internally we have decided to stop tracking our 
digital sales separately, as the journeys are merging and the lines are getting very blurred. 
Finally, on expansion, we opened two departmental stores, three beauty stores and one 
airport store during the quarter. Our pipeline of new stores continues to be strong and as | 
said before 
I reiterate that we expect to open 
12 to 
15 department stores in FY2023. In 
summary, we have grown in the last five consecutive quarters and as I speak our July month 
continues to be very strong being one of the strongest months that we have had. We had 
great plans for the festive season ahead with our Omni channel firing on all fronts. The 
strategy that we have put in place is coming together nicely and working well for us and we 
intend to continue to focus on that as we go forward. Thanks for listening patiently and we 
will now open up to questions. We have quite a few questions, which in the interest of 
making sure that everyone who has dialed in get an opportunity first. We will take questions 
Page 5 of 21

Moderator: 
Nihal Jham: 
Venu Nair: 
Nihal Jham: 
Venu Nair: 
Nihal Jham: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
first and then answer the questions that we have got. Mamta we will open the call for 
questions. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Nihal Jnam from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you so much and good morning to the management and congratulations on this great 
performance. Sir, three questions from my side, the first one was you have mentioned about 
demand trends for July and they are continuing strong, why is this, 
I want some more color 
on the same is because obviously the April to June quarter as you said had a lot of revenge 
element or wardrobe refresh aspect as you highlighted, so moving into July what are the 
kind of trends that we are seeing, 
is 
it a similar kind of trend in the wardrobe refresh 
continuing or you think this is the organic footfall that you see pre-COVID, just wanted to 
understand that because slightly contrary to maybe what I was picking up and 
I was doing 
sort of checks? 
You had said two to three questions, is that all or you want to cover all the questions? 
I will just tell the other two, if you could give me physical visits also in QI FY2023, you 
have clubbed 
I think the online visits also if that is possible and the last one was on the 
EOSS comments where I think you mentioned that your sales would have been 30% higher 
had the EOSS started on time I wanted to confirm that, so these are the three questions from 
my side? 
Thank you. So on the July trends the momentum has been continuing into July and while 
there was a 
little bit of a softening if I were to split sales in the previous quarter, April and 
July were extremely strong, first half of June was slightly weak and after that it sort of seem 
to gather momentum back and that has continued into July and we are seeing very strong 
growth and I do not want to get into specific numbers for July, but all 
I can share or what I 
can share is that it is definitely probably better than what we had expected so far, so that is 
what 
I would say. In terms of your second question on physical walk-ins, if you were to 
look at it compare it to pre-COVID numbers it was almost flat, again we are not comparing 
against last year because it is meaningless and hence comparison to pre-COVID and finally 
your third question on EOSS 
it 
is not 30% 
I wish 
it was, 
but that would have been 
spectacular, it would have been grown, it would have been higher by 5% the overall quarter 
number because the end of season sale and especially the first two weeks of industry 
wholesale does have a fantastic response that we do get, so against the 8% that we reported 
it would have been 13% so higher by 5% or 500 basis points. 
Understood, just one followup if I may that the EOSS in the Q1 2020 started on what date I 
am guessing they started the same in July, is that the nght understanding? 
Page 6 of 21

Venu Nair: 
Nihal Jham: 
Moderator: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
No, it started on 13 June in 2019 
, and this year it started on June 23, 2022, so 10 days 
shift. 
Sur, that is helpful, 
I will come back in the queue for further questions. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Perey Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Sur, Just wanted to understand on a slightly longer-term let us say three-year kind of honzon 
what is the total square footage that you would want to add across department stores as well 
as the other formats? 
So, our plan is to add 12 department stores every year for the next three years and between 
15 to 20 beauty doors every year, so if ] were to compare the two that would yield to about 
300000 square feet per year or a 15% to 20% increase on a 
yearly basis. 
Basically we do 
not expect any issue 
in terms of identifying and procuring 
suitable 
locations for these stores? 
Finding the nght location of course 
I would not say challenge but it is something which is 
we give a lot of focus and attention to. Having said that when we look at the pipeline for the 
next two years we have a very robust pipeline and fairly confident that we would be able to 
achieve those numbers and obviously for the third year the process is on, so broadly we do 
not expect that to be a challenge. 
Understood and when you are giving this guidance of 10 to 12 stores per year you are sort 
of building in buffers for normal builder delays, etc., in terms of actually commencement of 
the stores, etc.? 
We have built, itis 12 department stores and 15 to 20 beauty stores that we have budgeted 
and we have built in buffers, but as you probably know better than me we can never build in 
enough of a buffer but having said that when we say 12 to 15 we actually have a longer 
pipeline or a longer list internally, 
so to that extent we should be able to achieve those 
numbers. 
Understood, secondly wanted to understand from the digital sales, which is currently at 
4.7% now this quarter has been completely normal from a COVID point of view, so ina 
normalized quarter your digital sales is about 5% where do you see this number going ona 
three-year horizon? 
As 
I was sharing earlier Percy increasingly the customer joumey 
is getting blurred across 
online and offline and hence measuring it separately as just online is not necessarily the 
Page 7 of 21

Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
right indication of how much of engagement we have online specifically for us because we 
are in the unique position given the physical presence that we have and at the same time the 
strong digital presence that we are now having we are probably one of the Omni retailers, 
which have got a strong online and offline presence today and going increasingly into Omni 
channel doing the way we look at 
it, 
so we use online to drive engagement, 
to drive 
visibility and a lot of specially because we have high bill values and when customers are 
choosing to buy high value products, many a times they would prefer to physically see it, 
feel 
it, and touch it before they buy specifically in categories like beauty, watches or even 
apparel and hence while 
it is 4.7% and we reckon that against that our 
sales would 
definitely be heavily influenced by online if not higher, even today we reckon that 60% to 
80% of all our sales would have originated online where customers have chosen to visit us 
on shoppersstop.com, see what is there before they walk into the store and we expect this to 
get even higher as our online UI/UX improves even further, which is something we are 
continuing to work on. Specifically, we also see the First Citizen customers and how they 
engage with us and that is something where with data we are able to see the engagement 
that we get both online and offline, so absolute value will continue to grow and mix will be 
a derivative of the whole joumey 
across online and offline. 
How will you report the same store sales growth from now on, supposing if someone has 
ordered something on your app and that has generated some sales how is this particular 
transaction be accounted for in your same store sales growth reporting? 
I think it is a very good question and these are some of the 
I would not say challenges but 
intriguing points that we do internally debate as well, now when it comes to same stores it is 
easier because the store is a store and somewhere shopperstop.com is treated as a store or 
we will continue to treat it as a store, however, as I had just said before the Omni journey 
does mean that they could have started the journey offline and bought online or vice-a-versa 
and hence to that extent there will be an influence and both the channels meshing across 
each other. 
Sir, the reason why 
I am asking this is that we are investing this 12 Crores in the Omni 
initiatives per quarter approximately, 
so how do 
| evaluate what kind of benefit we are 
getting from this 12 Crores investment in the topline? 
See, today digital and we all know this, the fact 1s the experience that customers have online 
is absolutely vital for you to be even in the consideration set and that is something both 
through our research and talking to our First Citizen customers and looking at their journeys 
we can see that where while they may have chosen to buy from us offline the journey 
started online and hence the investment that we do into online should not be measured only 
through the digital sales it has to be measured through the total sales what we get because 
the benefit is across both. 
Page 8 of 21

Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Karunakaran M 
: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Venu Nair: 
Percy Panthaki: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Understood and last question from my side, you have done approximately 5.5% EBITDA 
margin non-gross sales this quarter, 
I just wanted to understand the two separate effects, one 
is you said this quarter had lower number of sale days, so this would have probably had a 
positive effect on your gross margin because sales would happen at a lower gross margin, 
but on the other hand it reduces the overall topline and therefore there will be a operating 
leverage effect, which is negative in nature, so which of these two effects is larger, is ita net 
positive or is ita net negative on EBITDA margin perspective? 
I would say that it was a net negative on the EBITDA margin because the surge in sales that 
we get during the end of season sale thus make up for the drop in the absolute gross margin 
percentage, so it makes up the absolute number or the absolute margin that we make tends 
to be higher during the sale period especially the first few days of the sale. 
Rough quantification possible instead of 5.5% this would have been what 5.8%, 6%, how 
much could it have been if the sale days have been normal? 
Percy if you are talking specifically on gross margins it would be probably a point slightly 
higher because you are aware on our brands the margins remain the same whether end of 
season sale starts in 10 days before or 10 days after there will be some drop in the private 
brand margin, so probably yes, 6.5%, 6.6% would be the ideal number. 
The sales have been normal? 
Yes, that is right. 
Thank you very much. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, my first question, what is the SSG growth compared to pre-COVID if 
I see because 
15% is the ASP growth, our topline is grown lower compared to pre-COVID, we have also 
had 10 departmental stores opening in the same time, 
so if you can just quantify volume 
growth and value growth compared to pre-COVID on SSG basis, it could be helpful? 
I mean IJ lost you for the first 15 seconds, could you just repeat the first part Ankit? 
Sur, 
I wanted to know the SSG growth compared to pre-COVID given that we have had a 
15% ASP growth, we have had nearly 10 departmental stores opened compared to pre- 
COVID, 
so 
I just wanted 
a breakup of the volume decline compared 
to pre-COVID 
numbers and that is the opportunity for us to go back to in the next two to three quarters at 
least on the volume side, so just wanted that breakup? 
Page 9 of 21

Venu Nair: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
So, to pre-COVID numbers the same store sales both sales and volume were broadly flat 
and conversions were slightly lower especially because of the end of season sale does drive 
a higher number and the ASP growth also to some extent would be influenced by the same 
factor that end of season sales have moved back. 
Sir, despite store opening our revenue growth is around 13%, 
so you are saying an ASP 
growth is also 13%, so you are saying despite that our SSG is flat compared to pre-COVID? 
Yes, while we opened new stores also 
I think what given that we are comparing now 
against three years back in fact not even three, four years back because we are comparing 
against June 2019, we have also had store closures, so if 1 were to factor in the same store, 
the EOSS date change then it would have been a positive 5% if the EOSS had been the 
same, so 
I think that the nght way to look at it is that like-for-like sales would have been 
plus five. 
Sir, my second question is on the beauty side of the business what is the online contribution 
of beauty today and how are you looking at ssbeauty.in, what is the investment expected 
and do you think some cannibalization from shopperstop.com to SS Beauty would come in, 
how is the positioning and marketing expected for this new app? 
So, 
as 
I mentioned, SS Beauty stores we now have seven and that is something we are 
continuing to expand on and this we are growing our standalone beauty format to offer our 
customers 
the 
experience, 
opportunity 
to 
physically come 
in whether 
it 
is makeup, 
makeovers, the makeup artist that are in stores or fantastic ambassador to the branch that we 
retail and that gives a whole beauty environment in which the customer shopping, at the 
same time as an Omni channel retailer it is important that we are able to also augment that 
physical experience with an online experience and that is why SS Beauty. in, 
so that 
it 
completes the customer journey and again it is today the customers journeys are completely 
interwoven and moves across online and offline seamlessly and it is important for us to be 
able to offer that seamless experience for our customers and hence ssbeauty.in. 
I would not 
separately 
call 
out the marketing 
investment that goes 
into because what we 
do 
on 
ssbeauty.in is literally our 360-degree marketing expense for both offline and online and 
that is the way we look at it. In terms of cannibalization from shoppersstop.com, we believe 
the growth that is there in the retail business and specifically in the beauty industry would 
more than make up for whatever small amount of cannibalization that we would have. 
I 
think also important to call out that even today apart from to shopperstop.com, with as part 
of our partnership with Estee Lauder we manage the mac.in, clinic.in, etc., standalone side, 
so that is also another channel through which we are serving our customers and it is about 
being present across channels for our customer wherever they choose to engage with us. 
I 
want to reiterate that beauty as a market is massive and 
it is something which we are 
absolutely doubling down on. To your specific question 21% of our online sales is beauty. 
Page 10 of 21

Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Moderator: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Sure. Sir, this is a followup on this, if I look at the overall contribution of beauty over the 
last six to seven quarters has been in that 15% to 16% kind of a ballpark mark, what is the 
inflection point you think that this contribution would increase because it is growing in line 
with the company sales, 
the investments on the private label 
side 
of the beauty, 
the 
investments on the stores opening side is not visible at the sales level to us, so how should 
we look at this number moving or the KPIs and when do you think the inflection point 
expected? 
I think we will need to give it the next three to four quarters for that impact to come through 
because overall we opened three stores and at the moment we are at seven SS Beauty stores, 
so given the total 
size of our business 
it is 
still relatively small. 
I also mentioned that 
specifically in the last quarter beauty was the one category, which had supply chain issues 
because of the disruptions in Ukraine and also the difficulty of import from China and both 
of these places are big when it comes to international beauty brands that is something which 
we expect to stabilize by August, so that should help, but specifically to the overall beauty 
percentage we would see the participation in the total business go up over the next three to 
four quarters. 
Lastly on the beauty side like we have had partnership with Estee Lauder for exclusive 
EBOs for more than a decade now, you have added around 130 brands over the last four, 
five quarters, do you think any of these global brands would like to partner with you for 
exclusive offline EBOs like Estee Lauder or you are focusing more on SS Beauty currently 
and not on third party brands for EBOs? 
We are doing three things, of course our partnership with Estee Lauder is strong and we 
continue to grow that. We are also in conversation with a number of brands and some of 
them where we are looking to have exclusive partnerships and that is something which we 
will report as soon as that gets finalized and the third we would also within SS Beauty bring 
in brands, which would be available either exclusively on SS Beauty or on a limited basis, 
so three things that we are doing there. 
Sure, that is helpful; 
I will come back in the queue for more questions. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my first question is with regards to the expenses line 
items, while we do understand that the gross margin has seen a good expansion on account 
of the lower EOSS and the higher private brand sales, but at the same time your employee 
cost and the other expenses even on the non-GAAP trend has seen a sharp increase on a Q- 
o-Q basis, 
so 
if you would like to highlight is there any one-offs in these or are these 
numbers sustainable now going ahead with the normal addition sitting in? 
Page 11 of 21

Karunakaram M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Karunakaram M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Karunakaram M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Thanks Gaurav. Thanks for that question. 
See, please understand compared to the last 
couple of quarters we have opened nine stores of that largely is added in the fourth quarter 
and sequentially quarter-on-quarter it is not comparable, so that is one of the main reasons 
for the increase in expenses, other than that like the recent inflation on employment plus 
there is an inflation on lease costs, so these are the two normal inflations and there are no 
one-offs in the QI cost, itis primarily because of inflation plus a lot of new stores what we 
have opened in the last one and one-and-a-half years. 
Sure 
Sir. 
So if I understand you 
right, these costs now are sustainable nght we can 
extrapolate this for the rest of the year as well? 
Absolutely you are nght, probably it should settle down between 340 and 345 per quarter 
that is our expectations, Gaurav. 
Sure Sir and in conjunction to this also actually the depreciation cost actually have seen a 
decline on 
a Q-o-Q basis, ideally because the stores are getting added we would have 
expected a depreciation to go up, but this has seen a decline, so anything there you would 
like to call out? 
That is again a very good question Gaurav. See, we follow a straight-line method on the 
depreciation, lot of assets that got retired last year and that is the reason there is a reduction 
in depreciation, again on an annual basis extrapolating this 30 Crores odd is depreciation we 
should have an annual depreciation of between 125 Crores and 130 Crores. 
Sure, Sir. Thanks for this and Sir, my last question is with regards to again like one of the 
previous participants has asked so even if we look at a three-year CAGR basis in terms of 
the topline growth and if I just for the 5% incremental growth loss to the EOSS 
still 
it 
would grown at 5% CAGR and given the fact that there has been a lot of engagement in 
terms of ASP, the growth seems to be a bit tepid, so is there anything that you would like to 
highlight that that would further boost the topline growth going ahead? 
Specifically as we said the overall volumes I think cannot be read on its own because of the 
shift in EOSS base, etc., the two points that I would like to call out one is we had in terms 
of our full price sales that has been extremely strong and that is definitely helping from our 
overall margin as well 
as very little impact on the absolute volume. The second factor 
which is worth looking at is the growth of our own private brands and the volume growth 
that we are getting on private brands, which is extremely strong and 
I had shared some of 
the volume growth that we have seen in private brands like in kids wear, we have been 
doubling and we have seen that over the last four quarters, similarly in women’s wear we 
have seen some very strong improvements and that is helping the overall volume to grow 
up and as we dial down on our private brands and as the growth there continues we would 
expect our total volumes to rise ahead of the business volumes. 
Page 12 of 21

Gaurav Jogani: 
Karunakaran M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Karunakaran M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Karunakaran M: 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Moderator: 
Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Karunakaran M: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Sure Sir and just one last question if ] may, in terms of the gross margin again, the gross 
margin have seen a smart expansion this quarter 
I do understand that the absence of the 
EOSS has marginally boosted it, but what could be a sustainable gross margin going ahead 
given there was a lot of noise in the base due to the COVID, so if you can help us like what 
kind of 
a sustainable gross margin can we expect going ahead? 
Gaurav again thanks for that question. You comparing on a GAAP basis or a non-GAAP 
basis so it will be easy for us to explain? 
Sur, 
I would say the reported basis once you report the GAAP basis. 
See on non-GAAP basis we have reported 38.6%, a 60 basis point increase over FY2020, 
this should go up to as we now just spoke about our increase in private brands, the private 
brands have grown almost 30% this is the pre-COVID level, 
so this gross margin as we 
grow the private brand should settle anywhere between 39% and 40% by the end of this 
year almost 200 basis points increase versus 
is FY2020, 
so that is the number we are 
looking for. 
Sir, 200 basis versus FY2020 nght? 
You are absolutely right. 
Okay, Sir, that helps. Thank you for this, that is all from my side. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherji from Centrum PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. A very basic question, 
so 
if 
I look at the numbers of QI 
FY2023 and Q3 FY2022 that is the December quarter last year we have clocked almost 
similar number of the revenue in terms of non-GAAP almost 1200 Crores, the gross margin, 
gross profits have improved 392 to 401, but the non-GAAP EBITDA number has sharply 
come down, can you just explain why this has happened, what is different in this quarter 
vis-a-vis the Q3 last year? 
Two or three reasons, one on the lease cost, we had some concession in Q3 that did not 
obviously we have opened the stores in all days and the customer footfall is as good as pre- 
COVID level, so we did not get any lease concession that is one, again on the lease rentals 
we have opened more than 10 stores this last year what we are comparing 9 to 10 stores, so 
that the new store cost is also there on the lease rental. Similarly, there is an inflation on the 
employment cost plus the new stores, so it is a combination of both, inflation, some of the 
concessions what we got not only on the lease rentals on the other service providers the last 
Page 13 of 21

Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Karunakaran M: 
Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Karunakaran M: 
Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Karunakaran M: 
Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Karunakaran M: 
Sabyasachi Mukherji: 
Moderator: 
Chetan Sangwan: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
year because of the COVID and the inflation, so these are the three reasons where you will 
see an increase of almost I understand that 40 Crores odd in the cost. 
If possible can you break up among the three things that you have said this 40 Crores to 45 
Crores of additional incremental costs? 
Almost 50% comes in from because of lease rentals and the balance equally shared on our 
employee costs as well as the other administrative expenses pertaining to the stores. 
Lease rentals you mean the departmental stores that we have opened we are incurring rental 
cost for those nght? 
Plus we also got concessions last year because of the COVID impact in Q3. 
Going ahead you said that the quarterly run rate would be somewhere around this 343 
Crores to 345 Crores odd am I correct? 
You are right, that should be the average cost the quarter from now. 
Just one more question, you mentioned 10 to 12 store additions on the departmental front 
and 
I think 15 to 20 store additions on the beauty side, so let us say two-to-three-year kind 
of a horizon where do you see the gross margins and EBITDA margins settling down 
keeping in mind that we also have store additions to do in the next two, three years? 
Again we do not give any guidance either on gross margins or on EBITDA margins; 
however, with increased store additions our gross margins will either be sustained or it will 
marginally improve because of our private brand mix, our EBITDA should also improve 
like three years from now we should be close to a double-digit EBITDA margin. 
Thank you. Thanks a 
lot. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Sangwan from Bowman Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Good morning, Sir. Congrats for the amazing set of numbers. Could you please give some 
colour on growth by category in the apparel segment, 
so which category that is growing 
fastest and also going forward which category will be driving the growth in the medium 
term? 
So within the apparel categories the two categories which had disproportionately higher 
growth compared to the overall business was western women’s wear and men’s wear for us 
and | think this was driven by one is the whole mobility and getting back to work happening 
Page 14 of 21

Chetan Sangwan: 
Venu Nair: 
Chetan Sangwan: 
Venu Nair: 
Chetan Sangwan: 
Venu Nair: 
Chetan Sangwan: 
Moderator: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
and 
I thing especially in western women’s wear that is something which becomes quite 
obvious and that is also a reflection of the fact that we are a destination when it comes to 
western women’s wear where we offer a complete portfolio of brands for the customer to 
choose from. The other men’s wear also 
I talked about 
is being very strong and then 
specifically for us we saw watches as a category, which grew very well and within again 
I 
think because of weddings and weddings, which have been postponed which happened 
especially during the month of April and May I think drove that demand and finally luggage 
and travel and luggage as a category also saw some very strong growth for obvious reasons 
because travel 
is back, people are going out on holidays and 
I think that 
is 
a logical 
extension as to why that category would grow. 
Got it, just a followup question, how is women, wear as a category doing is it back to pre- 
COVID level or is it still struggling? 
Women’s ethnic wear has made a good progress and is now at the average of the business 
itself so while women’s western wear was the strongest women’s ethnic wear has also 
caught up and is doing reasonably well now, 
so during the COVID period it has seen a 
definite dip, but post-COVID that has come back to the average numbers specifically within 
that what 
I would like to 
call out is our own private brands in ethnic wear has done 
spectacularly well. 
Got it. My last question is around the share of the private labels, currently it is around 20% 
in the apparels category, so how do you think the share of private label will move across in 
the next three to five years in the apparels segment? 
Currently, it is between 20% to 21% in fact to be specific it is 21%, while I would not like 
to give a guidance in terms of how it would pan out in the coming years, what I can tell you 
is that this is an area where we would continue to invest and we do expect this to grow 
strongly if 1 could give you an indicator in some of the new stores that we have opened the 
overall private brand mix within apparel is upwards 30% so that just gives you an indication 
of the direction we are going in. 
Got it. Just a followup, if you could give some guidance or some colour what is the share of 
private labels in men’s casual wear and women’s ethnic wear? 
I think in all fairness that is getting into a lot more details and what we would like to, so 
I 
would not want to go there. 
Thank you. That was the last question from my side. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 15 of 21

Aliasgar Shakir: 
Venu Nair: 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Venu Nair: 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Venu Nair: 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Venu Nair: 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Karunakaran M: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
I had 
a question on your new smaller format departmental 
stores, if you could just share what is the kind of revenue, productivity or revenue per store 
that we are able to do there compared to our older larger stones if you could talk about 
stores, which you would have opened probably about a year that we would have seen some 
kind of reasonable revenue stability and the related question there is how your shared space 
of private label 
in those stores 
is that significantly increased and should that probably 
increase our share of private label significantly, does it had an ability to go upwards of 
probably 35% to 40% odd in the next three, four years? 
So, firstly in terms of your first question on smaller stores, what you termed as smaller 
stores and 
I would like to highlight that these are small relatively, but from 
a market 
perspective these are still large between 25000 to 35000 square feet stores, so from our own 
45000 to 50000 it is a smaller footprint, our sales per square foot on the newer stores that 
we opened is upwards of Rs.13000 per square foot, in some of our oldest stores to put that 
in comparison it was around Rs.11000. In terms of the apparel mix overall private brand 
mix tends to be around 25% and that is specifically within apparel it is around 30%. 
That is in the smaller size stores right? 
That is nght, yes, the newer stores. 
So, it is about 30% compared to what would be in the larger stores? 
21% is the company average. 
Got it, so in the context that now majority of our stores that we are opening in this 25000 to 
30000 square feet store what kind of number we think we should be able to achieve in a 
private label in the next probably three, four years? 
You have got the guidance already earlier. 
We have been earlier talking about the 200 Crores savings that we have done through our 
cost optimization, so just wanted to understand when 
I see your opex I see your quarterly 
run rate about 25 Crores odd of lower number against FY¥2020 number and looking at the 
IGAAP numbers, so it is like 100 Crores savings, is it lower because of the increased spend 
that we have done in online or how should I look at it because I am seeing in terms of like- 
to-like area we are pretty much the same versus FY2020 
I do not think there is a very 
material increase? 
Again that is a good question Aliasgar. 
I just explained the savings are there that was also 
bigger, there is some inflations that has happened both on the lease rentals as well as on the 
employee cost and we have also opened number of new stores so more or less if you ask me 
Page 16 of 21

Moderator: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Venu Nair: 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Moderator: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Venu Nair: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
are we getting 200 Crores may not be lower than that, but still we get savings on the stores 
plus like Venu has also mentioned that we do or we are making investments in our Omni 
channel, so both on the tech as well as on the marketing plus a lot of other new imitatives 
such as beauty, so most of the savings in fact even in our previous meetings we did say that 
the savings we are planning to invest and we are investing for the future as well. 
Thank you, Mr. Shakir. 
I request you to join the queue for any followup. We will take the 
next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, 
I had just one question, if you can quantify the lease rental 
inflation that we are seeing? 
Lease rental inflation will be, see some of the stores we have a 15% increase once in three 
years and some of the stores we have an increase of 5% every year so an average of 6% to 
7.5% probably for a quarter, but for a year it will be roundabout 5%. 
Sure, thanks for the opportunity. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Sir, 
I just have one question on your beauty business, 
so we have seen recently large online players who have become aggressive in the market 
and they have been tying up with the brands, the beauty and fashion players, 
so in that 
context do you see any competition getting up for you in the coming years? 
It is a very fair question and thanks for that. The beauty market is growing ahead of the 
overall retail market as I think we all know and within that if you look at all the existing 
players together they are still the headroom available in the market is very large, so to that 
extent this is an area which will continue to grow and even as the competition both existing 
and new one comes in the strength that we have both in physical retail and now online will 
continue to give us that hedge to grow ahead of the market and that is what we would 
expect to see. 
Right, 
Sir. The number of brands we are launching 
in this space, how is the traction 
building up like how are the repeat sales happening in some of these for example some of 
your brands will launch in the past few years, which gives us an indication that yes, these 
are the products the traction is building up and this gives us an indication that the growth 
prospects are good enough to compete with some of these online players and to scale up in 
the coming years? 
Page 17 of 21

Venu Nair: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Venu Nair: 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu Nair: 
Moderator: 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
Are you specifically talking about beauty prospect? 
Yes, 
I am talking about beauty. 
In beauty at this stage we have one private label brand and that is Arcelia and within Arcelia 
we have launched bath and body, we have got fragrances, we have got deodorants and we 
have launched nail polishes so 
far, we would be launching lips and foundations going 
forward, 
so 
it is only when we have finished all of that the basket of offering would be 
complete as I had mentioned to you we saw a 8x growth on our Arcelia sales from the first 
quarter of last year, so the overall thing is obviously dramatically high, but as a percentage 
total it is still insignificant given that it is the entire category is not completed, so as we go 
forward we would expect the sales from our private brands to continue to grow and would 
get very, very strong as it progresses. 
Thanks for giving me this opportunity. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, 
a couple of questions from my side, in private label while the value contribution on 
apparel is around 20%, 
I believe the nght indicator would be the volume contribution given 
that the ASP of private label will at least be 20% to 30% below the other brands operating, 
so if can you give the breakup between the older stores and new stores what will be the 
volume contribution because that will show the acceptance of the product to the consumer 
level? 
Fair question, the volume contribution of private label to the overall apparel business is 
over 25%, 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
My question was on the digital transformation that is happening and you are also heavily 
investing into 
it, other retailers are also doing that, 
so some qualitative understanding on 
what does it comprise of because there would be a lot of things happening in the supply 
chain where the lead time would be reducing, so across functions what is the change that we 
can expect to see and how it help the overall operation of the company the cost of the 
company going ahead, some colour on that? 
Sure. Thanks Abhijeet for that. The investments and the improvements that we are focusing 
on is across all the faces of customer touch points beginning from the customer discovery 
point of view the UI/UX online as well as the digital engagement within the store, going 
Page 18 of 21

Moderator: 
Tejas: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
further on the UI/UX content and engaging experience is very, very vital and you will see a 
significant improvement in that when we launch SS Beauty and going further on ss.com as 
well in the coming quarters. Then as we move on we will in terms of the overall discovery 
of the product online and making 
it a lot more personalized and based on the customer 
history and again we are blessed with a loyal customer in terms of the First Citizen and 
using their transaction data to be able to help them we are much more sharper and narrow 
focus in terms of what would appeal to them which then increases the whole conversions 
that we would be able to achieve online. If 1 would want to just give you an example, even 
today our customer irrespective of whether they have shopped online or offline on the 
shoppersshop.com as the First Citizen customer they can see their entire purchase history 
over the last many years whether it is offline or online and that is what the customer is able 
to see, what we are able to do is to use that data to them we able to offer personalized 
brands or products depending on what they love and this is something that we will be 
dialing down further on and this is one area we are investing into, the other area that we are 
looking into is also the lead time and the delivery part because that is equally important 
while that is post purchase that is a very important part of the customers journey and using 
algorithms to be able to get the product into the customer much faster and one of the 
indicators of that is the speed at which we are able to get product to our customer and that 
has significantly improved to the extent that today double almost more than 40% of what is 
ordered with us would be with the customer within 48 hours and that is more than double of 
what it was last year same time. The other indicator that again shows the improvements that 
have been made on the customer journey is just the app rating and on Google Play 18 
months back when COVID hit our ratings was around 2.7 and today it has moved to 4.5 and 
it 1s at par with some of the major online only players and as the Omni channel retailer to be 
able to offer that kind of experience just illustrates the engagement that we have with our 
customers. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Sir, my question is you spoke about servicing the customer 
wherever they are and in terms of Omni channel presence, so just wanted to understand the 
journey of the customer, 
is 
it the discovery happens in online platform and fulfillment 
happens in offline or itis fungible both ways? 
It is fungible both ways, and that is something, which we are increasingly seeing where if I 
were to give you as an example, in the case of let us say watches, 
it might be something 
where the customer starts the journey online, 
does 
his research, 
looks 
at the various 
products available and then before making the actual purchase comes into the store to see 
the product probably wear it on his wrist and then buy, so that is one part of the journey, 
Usually on the other side where in some of our beauty products where it is a repeat purchase 
and the first purchase for that the customer would come into the store she would want to 
and 
let us say the lipstick she would want to check the shade, wear 
it, 
feel 
it and be 
Page 19 of 21

Moderator: 
Venu Nair: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
comfortable with 
it and then the repeat purchase would happen online, 
so it is extremely 
fungible now and we expect that to continue to happen as we go forward. 
Thank you. 
I now request the management to answer the questions received online. Request 
you to takeover please. 
Thank you, so the first question was overall area for the company was 4.4 million square 
feet in FY2022 and now it is showing 3.8 million square feet, if the company is showing 
carpet area now can you share both the area for the next four quarters for us to get an 
understanding? What is the industry norm for area carpet or saleable area? The industry 
norm is carpet, which is 80% of the chargeable area, on chargeable we are now at 4.5 and it 
may increase to 4.8 million square feet and the carpet area would be 80% of that. 
The next question what 
is the same 
store growth pre-COVID, 
I think that 
is already 
answered. 
The next question was it was around the contribution of private label and again that thing 
has got answered. 
The fourth one Omni channel contribution has reached 5% of revenue, does this level of 
contribution justify Rs.50 Crores in opex for FY2023, when do you think is the inflection 
point in Omni channel. 
I think again I touched upon that or rather went deep into that area, 
it is not fair to look at the investments only as a investment for digital, because it is an Omni 
channel business and effectively it has to be seen as an investment for across the entire 
chain offline and online, most customer journeys will initiate in the digital space and hence 
itis an absolute necessity and as the offline sales increases due to the impact of COVID and 
the restrictions moving away, the overall contribution from digital has reduced, but as I said 
it is really fungible and internally we have stopped looking at them separately as online or 
offline because that is not a fair way to look at it and even if you were to look at just the 
digital as I said it has grown by 29% despite the large space. 
Next one is on inventory while the total inventory in the system is 1129 Crores private label 
inventory 360 Crores, ROR inventory is 767 Crores, which 
is 32% of total inventory, 
revenue contribution is 14% to 15% are we sitting on very high inventory of private label or 
expect revenue to grow at an exponential phase, 360 Crores inventory includes private 
brand as well as national brands, private brand will be about 50% of this because there are a 
few national brands there also we have an outright model where we buy out the inventory. 
Next question is 13% sales growth above QI FY2020 is positive, gross margin also back to 
pre-COVID, EBITDA margin is also strong; however, customer visits have doubled, but 
does not reflect in revenues to that extent, as an Omni channel business our customer entry, 
which we showed includes the online visits and the conversion in the online channels does 
Page 20 of 21

Moderator: 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
July 27, 2022 
tend to be lower than in the offline channels. Next one is on employee expenses, they are up 
7.5 Crores quarter-on-quarter, 
I think this was already answered. 
The next one is on depreciation, the reported depreciation has fallen by 7.5 Crores quarter- 
on-quarter despite incremental store additions, however, how should one look at this, what 
would be a quarter depreciation run rate for us going ahead, we follow straightline method 
and some of the assets have been fully depreciated last year due to PAT or depreciation 
reduced by 7.5 Crores, our overall depreciation for the year would be around 125 Crores to 
130 Crores. Next one is answered. 
| think all the others have been answered. 
Thank you Sir. That would be the end of our Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf 
of Shoppers Stop Limited that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 21 of 21
