 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with abrdn Investment Management Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2022-23/40                                                                          Date – July 28, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, conducted 
after the meeting of the Board of Directors on July 22, 2022 which can also be accessed on the website of 
the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
SLYVIA 
GREGORY 
FURTADO
Digitally signed by SLYVIA GREGORY FURTADO 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=d888f2fb059bed0c8f40d135908f84db
5b634a4f69c28f4186c28e1ea6b93c0b, 
postalCode=400103, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c19a36b505d1
08588ea658a47cf934129cd9fc4d51aa71, 
cn=SLYVIA GREGORY FURTADO 
Date: 2022.07.28 19:11:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited  
Q1 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR (MD) 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited.  
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. 
Naozad Sirwalla, and Mr. Simal Kanuga.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Simal Kanuga who will give us 
a brief, following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Kanuga. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you so much. Good evening and we really appreciate all of you 
taking time out for this call on Friday evening. The Results for the 
Quarter Ended June ‘22 along with brief business update is available on 
our website under the AMC Shareholder tab and also on the exchanges. 
Let me start off on the industry: 
So, net flows for the industry continued to remain strong. I'm talking 
about the equity flows. During the quarter, industry saw net new flows 
add up to Rs. 783 billion, lower than Rs. 968 billion for quarter ended 
March ‘22, but materially higher as compared to Rs. 251 billion for the 
quarter ended June ‘21.  
What we did mention last quarter does hold for this quarter too. The 
equity inflow number includes index funds and index funds comprises 
of both equity as well as debt index funds. We do not have a data 
separately available for equity and debt index funds as yet. Inflows in 
debt index funds have seen material uptick and hence does sway data to 
an extent.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
Let us look at it from AUM perspective to get some idea: 
AUM of debt index funds stood at Rs. 23 billion as of June ‘21 and that 
number now is 417 billion, so nearly a Rs. 400 billion increase. As this 
is pure fixed income, material part of growth is in form of inflows.  
Fixed income funds continued to see outflows. This quarter, industry 
lost Rs. 1,178 billion. The number for the previous quarter was Rs. 1,046 
billion. It would make logical sense to add debt index fund numbers 
here. Actually, one should even add AUM or flows in debt ETF, which 
is currently merged in overall ETF number.  
Debt plus liquid ETF now account for Rs. 606 billion in terms of AUM. 
The corresponding number as of June ‘21 was Rs. 399 billion. Liquid 
funds saw net new flows of Rs. 133 billion for the quarter and others as 
a category, which is basically ETF, arbitrage funds and fund of funds 
investing overseas saw inflows of Rs. 216 billion. 
Individual investors continue to allocate to mutual funds and now the 
live folio account stands at 133.9 million with the overall unique number 
of investors at 35.3 million.  
SIP flows for the month of June was similar to that of March '22 at 
around Rs. 123 billion. 
We closed the quarter on an overall AUM of Rs. 3,966 billion, market 
share of 11.1%. Excluding ETFs, our market share is 12.4% on closing 
AUM and 12.3% on quarterly average. 
If one looks at actively managed equity-oriented AUM, our market share 
is more or less constant as compared to March '22.  
We continue to enjoy a favorable asset mix as compared to that of 
industry and also favorable ratio in terms of AUM from individual to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
non-individual investor. Our market share in B-30 AUM is 11.4% and 
that makes us a distant number 2.  
In terms of systematic transactions, we processed over 3.73 million 
transactions totaling up to Rs. 12.8 billion in month of June 2022 as 
against Rs. 12.3 billion in March of 2022. 
Before we move to financials, let me quickly update on what is 
happening in terms of new products and other businesses: 
There was a regulatory embargo at industry level on launch of any new 
mutual fund scheme for the quarter.  
We have approvals for nine ETFs, though few of them do need some 
kind of date extension. AMFI has clarified that earlier today. Assuming 
all approvals fall in place, we propose to launch all of these during the 
course of the quarter. We have few more ETFs and index funds which 
have been filed. We'll launch those as and when the approvals come by. 
In terms of Sectoral and Thematic Funds, as mentioned during the 
previous quarter, we have four funds awaiting clearance and the same 
will be launched over time subject to those approvals coming by.  
We've also filed for a fund that would track the MSCI Emerging Markets 
Index.  
In terms of Category-II AIF, we have filed PPM with SEBI in early June. 
A quick recap here. We are launching a fund of funds which would 
invest across the entire spectrum right from early-stage VC funds to mid-
markets/growth funds to buyout funds.  
In terms of our wholly owned subsidiary in GIFT, we are progressing 
well and hope to go-live over the next couple of quarters.  
Now we move to financials: 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
Revenue from operations grew by 3% year-on-year and 1% on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. Other income for the quarter is materially lower due to 
lower MTM gains in debt mutual funds on account of increase in interest 
rates as well as the MTM loss attributable to market volatility on 
mandatory equity mutual fund investments.  
Employee cost for the quarter was Rs. 780 million versus Rs. 835 
million. If you take the cost of ESOP, which is a non-cash expenditure, 
employee cost for the current quarter stands at Rs. 677 million as against 
Rs. 659 million for the quarter ended June '21.  
Other expenses have increased by 27% year-on-year basis. First quarter 
of the last financial year was in time of lock down or say reduced 
operations. We would like to draw your attention to the expenses for the 
quarter ended June 2019 that was a normalized quarter pre-COVID. It 
was Rs. 406 million. So, over a period of three years, the cost has gone 
up from Rs. 406 million to Rs. 525 million, an absolute increase of 29% 
or a CAGR of just about 9%. Profit after tax fell by 9% both year-on-
year and quarter-on-quarter basis with lower other income being the key 
contributor. 
Before we open it up for questions, I would just like to hand over the 
call to Navneet to make couple of comments. So, thanks, and we will 
hear Navneet, and post that, we will open it for questions.  
Navneet Munot: 
Good evening. So, first of all, at the outset, I want to place our sincere 
appreciation for contribution made by Prashant over the last 19 years or 
so. You must have heard about the announcement we've made earlier 
today in reference to his resignation. In 2003, when Zürich Financial 
Services decided to move out of India, Prashant along with his schemes 
moved to HDFC mutual fund. As everyone knows, Prashant has a 
distinction of being the longest serving fund manager in India. I've 
known Prashant for many years and I have the highest regards for him 
as a fund manager as well as CIO.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
The HDFC AMC investment team is known to be amongst one of the 
best in the country. I have now spent nearly a year and a half at HDFC 
AMC and can vouch for the processes and depth that is second to none.  
In fact, this has got further verified when I hear the same from fund 
managers who have joined us in the last couple of years from other 
AMCs and also the analysts who have joined us from the sell side.  
Talking about the fund management team, so on the equity side, we have 
Chirag with experience of over 25 years, Gopal Agarwal over 18 years, 
Roshi Jain over 20 years, Anand Laddha over 18 years, Rakesh Vyas 
over 20 years, Srinivas Ramamurthy over 15 years, and I'm sure several 
of you would know most of these people well and so all our other 
analysts.  
We have further beefed up our team by adding Rahul Baijal who's just 
joined us from Sundaram Mutual Fund, again, an experience of over 20 
years across sell side and buy side.  
We have nine dedicated analysts with experience ranging from 6 years 
to 20 plus years. Most of them have experience over a decade and are 
counted among the best in the sectors that they cover.  
The combined years of experience of our equity investment team, when 
I look at all of these people, would come to something like 230, 240 
years. Over and above, we have Krishan Daga and Arun Agarwal who 
manage Arbitrage fund, passive strategies. Again, Krishan has 
experience of over 30 years. Arun would have experience of over 24 
years.  
Now let's look at fixed income. Shobhit and Anil Bamboli have been 
with us for over 18 years. Shobhit has experience of 30 years while Anil 
would have experience of around 28 years.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
Anupam Joshi who manages some of our fixed income schemes, like 
liquid fund, corporate bond fund, low duration fund etc., has experience 
of 21 years. Vikash Agarwal, he has experience of over 16 years and of 
that, 14 with us; and Praveen Jain, he has experience of 17 years and of 
that, 14 with us. Along with the analysts Sankalp and Bhavesh, we are 
talking of an experience of over 140 years on fixed income fund 
management side too. 
So, this wonderful team that has worked under Prashant will now be led 
by an able duo of Chirag and Shobhit. Chirag Setalvad is one of the 
founding member of the investment team when HDFC AMC got set up 
in 2000. So, he's been with us from like day one in 2000, but for a couple 
of years in between, that is 2004 to '07, is now going to lead the equity 
team. Chirag has been part of the system and that should make for a 
comfortable transition in terms of equity investment and research 
process. He's been one of the most respected fund manager in India 
managing strategies running over almost two decades. Shobhit Mehrotra 
will take over as head of fixed income. Shobhit again is a veteran fixed 
income fund manager with over three decades of rich experience in fixed 
income and credit research. Both of them will be leading a team of 30 
committed investment professionals.  
At HDFC AMC, we are proud of our people, our processes and our 
philosophy that has stood test of time. I'm very confident that this team 
will leave no stone unturned to carry the legacy further north. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks, Navneet. Neerav, what we can do is we can start building on 
the question queue and are happy to take questions from here on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan 
Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
Kunal Thanvi: 
So, I had three questions. First was on the organization structure. So, 
what we understand is Shobhit and Chirag will take as debt and equity 
head respectively. So, will we have a CIO or they will continue reporting 
to Navneet directly? That is question number one. Second is on industry. 
If you see that there has been a significant outflow in the debt as Simal 
also touched upon in his opening remarks. Can you throw some light 
what are the reasons for it, how do we see fixed income as a category in 
next, in medium to short term? And thirdly on any thoughts on the 
buyback with the kind of cash we have in the balance sheet would have? 
These are my three questions.  
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, on the first question, there will be distinct focus on two 
different asset classes. Chirag will lead the equity team and Shobhit will 
lead the fixed income team. Both of them will report to me.  
On your other question on the debt funds, yes, you are absolutely right. 
Last year we had net redemption in debt funds as a category and I'm 
talking of the industry flows as well as the last quarter. Maybe rates have 
been moving up and the fixed income funds' returns may not have been 
as attractive, but, I guess, as and when people believe that rates are 
stabilizing, there is a possibility that money starts coming back into the 
fixed income funds. They also move along with the overall systemic 
liquidity, which you would know that has shrunk over the last couple of 
quarters.  
Your third question on the capital allocation, I think that's something 
that that our Board is cognizant and we will continue to reevaluate best 
possible options. If and when there is a right kind of an opportunity 
comes by, we'll keep exploring all those options. You would know that 
our dividend payout ratio for the last financial year was just a shade 
under 65% and I would like to believe that they should slope upward. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
That's helpful. If I can squeeze one more question was on the yields. If 
we look at our overall yields, it's more than a sequential and YOY basis, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
they seem to have improved. Can you help us understand what has led 
this improvement? Is it entirely driven by the improvement in the equity 
mix or the pressure on the yield itself has eased out in the industry and 
for HDFC AMC?  
Simal Kanuga: 
No, I think it's just basically bit of mix change and some bit of rounding 
up, but I don't think so you should read much into this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from 
CLSA India. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Surana: 
My first question is when last year during when we were losing market 
share in equity, you had alluded that broadly our market share in 
outflows were stable and we were kind of losing market share in gross 
new inflows. So, if you could just qualitatively update us on how the 
situation has changed on that front? Because as I understand, scheme's 
performance has been quite good over last 1, 1.5 years. So, if you could 
just update on that?  
 
And secondly, if you could just elaborate on what are the benefits that 
we can see that will accrue to HDFC AMC on account of HDFC Bank 
and HDFC merger? Those are two questions.  
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, equity market share for the quarter was more or less stable. I 
can tell you two things. One, that our market share in redemptions is 
falling which definitely is good news. And on the other hand, our market 
share in gross flows is getting better by the day. We did lose out on large 
number of SIP registrations that happened during the last couple of 
years, but we are catching up on that. We used to be a pioneer when it 
comes to the SIP creation and we are very hopeful over the next couple 
of quarters, couple of years. We would look to regain that market share 
in SIP.  
 
A related question would also be the linkages between performance and 
the share within outflows as well as inflows. I would say that improved 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
performance and the resulting increase in market share, there is bit of a 
time delay between those two things. My experience tells me that 
performance either way, good or bad tends to be ignored for couple of 
quarters. It then gets noticed but there is a belief that the phase is 
temporary. Investors and distributors will then start planning an action, 
but the real action would follow over the next couple of quarters. So, it 
takes time for one to start seeing results of good performance or 
downside associated with difficult period of performance. So, to repeat 
the point, I think we are seeing the market share is stabilizing and fall in 
the market share in redemption and increase in the market share in gross 
flows.  
Navneet Munot: 
Merger, as we have mentioned earlier that the impact on us due to the 
merger can be neutral to positive. I think we will become part of a larger 
entity with a deep distribution network. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: Just harping on the yield question by one of the earlier participants, there 
is a material uptick in the yield and if I do a little bit of a back calculation, 
it seems to be coming from the equity side. Any sort of color, comment 
on that would be very helpful.  
 
The other thing that I notice in the numbers is that the other income has 
fallen dramatically and so has the tax amount and your tax rate has come 
off to about 18.4%. Now this probably suggests a loss in the other 
income or realized loss in the other income and you creating a deferred 
tax asset. If you could elaborate whether my reading is right and what is 
this loss pertaining to, that would be helpful. Those are my two 
questions. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Madhukar, on the yield side, and I think tax one, Naozad will answer for 
you. I think the yield side as I stated earlier, it is nothing but a marginal 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
change in the mix. And secondly, as I stated some bit of roundups. So, 
what tends to happen is last quarter you would have seen it at 48, it being 
at 48.4 and if it goes to 49.6, it goes to 50. So, some bit of rounding up 
and some bit of asset mix change. So, these two things have led to an 
improved yield. Also, if you want to really get into a microscope, well, 
there were zero NFOs in this quarter. So, lower revenue flow into the 
AUM was lower. As I stated earlier, don't really look into it beyond a 
point. I think the yields are in line with what we mentioned in the 
previous quarter and I hope things change for the upside, but that's not 
the case.  
Madhukar Ladha: And just to add something here, directionally, do you continue with your 
earlier commentary of further sort of decline in active equity yields? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Absolutely. I think, see, we have stated this even earlier, right, if you 
recall. See, what tends to happen is if you look at our book, somewhere 
at mid-70s versus the flows that are nowhere near that number. So, 
absolutely, you are right. There is going to be dilution in yield as more 
and more money comes in.  
I think one thing that you need to kind of also consider is the pace of 
dilution of yields. See, what happened last year when we started the year 
2021-22, we started with an AUM base of just about, I'm talking about 
industry as a whole, started with an AUM base of Rs. 13 odd trillion and 
we saw inflows, gross inflows adding up to close to Rs. 5.95 Trillion. 
So, that was about 45% of the AUM in terms of gross flow.  
Now, if you look at current numbers in terms of run rate, currently, the 
run rate is about 50,000 crores or Rs. 500 billion. What was last year is 
this year. Now, if you look at say another 5.9 trillion even flowing in, it 
is on a denominator of nearly Rs. 18 or Rs. 19 trillion. So, the pace of 
dilution of yield might slow down but yes, there would be dilution in 
yield as more and more money comes in. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
Simal Kanuga: 
On the tax, Naozad you would take? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, I will take the question on, so other income we also explained 
earlier, it is lower largely due to lower MTM gains on debt mutual funds 
and MTM losses on account of the equity mutual fund exposure, thanks 
to the skin in the game circular. On the effective tax rate for the period 
ended June '22, it's lower due to reduction in deferred tax charge on 
account of MTM losses and also reversal of deferred tax liability on 
certain investments that were sold and set off against carried forward 
losses.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, from a distribution angle, if I think about the merged entity or 
HDFC Bank today, if I compare it with say ICICI Bank or Axis Bank, 
when they sell the mutual funds, the share of the group AMC is upwards 
of 60%, and if you look at HDFC Bank, the bank sells close to about 
now around 30, 35%. This is from the distributors' commission disclosed 
by individual AMCs. So, why is that low? And do you think that there 
is a possibility that this can really come back to something like a very 
high number going ahead. Navneet, we have seen almost 70% or 100% 
of that of SBI MF. So, do you think that we can really scale this up from 
the merged entity going ahead? That would be my first question.  
Secondly, from a medium-term perspective on the yields front, how do 
you see the yield moving on the debt side? What I understand is the 
current yield on the debt possibly the lowest ever in the history and how 
do you see that moving ahead once the yield stabilizes and that offer 
some cushion for the falling yield?  
And lastly, on the equity side, could you give some understanding as to 
what is the current book from the legacy side, some understanding there? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sure. I think the first part of your question was HDFC, HDFC Bank 
merger. The positive effect of that on distribution. So, Navneet can. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, I had mentioned earlier that we will become part of a larger 
network. Of course, HDFC Bank has always been running an open 
architecture. They may continue with that. However, if we potentially 
become the subsidiary, there is a greater value alignment and that should 
have positive implications. Your other question was on- 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think if you look at price from a debt yield perspective, I think 
yields have been fairly more or less constant only at somewhere in late 
20s. Whether they are low, so, yes, I think it is lower than what it used 
to be because of lower assets in the credit risk in some of the other higher 
yielding funds. Having said that, on the other hand, we are seeing some 
bit of migration happening in favor of debt index funds. So, even if we 
think that with the increased YTM on the credit risk fund, we might get 
in more money there and thereby higher yields. Some bit of that will get 
diluted by flows into debt index funds. So, I think, if you look at the debt 
side of our business, the yields should be more or less constant, the way 
we see it somewhere between 25 and 30 basis points.  
Prayesh Jain: 
One last question was on the share of legacy assets in your current mix, 
don’t want to know exact numbers, any color there on that would be 
helpful. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Prayesh, we don't really comment on that, but the way we would like to 
kind of help you understand is on our equity legacy book, our yields are 
somewhere in mid-70s. And that is as of 30th June. So, you can say that 
the entire book that does exist on 30th of June is giving us the yield of 
around somewhere in mid-70s. And the new flows are obviously all over 
the place, in the sense that when we did our last NFO, the direct plan 
TER was somewhere in 40. So, you are getting in yields as low as 40, 
but most of the flows that are happening in our existing funds, they are 
obviously at a yield better than 40, but nowhere near 75. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
Prayesh Jain: 
And last question, what are the trends on commission payouts in the 
industry? Is there any competition, increased competition or any trends 
that you are witnessing currently? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think, Prayesh, things are definitely getting better as compared to 
what it was say in early part of last year. But yeah, competition is 
definitely intense. Now, again, this whole NFO saga has started. So, 
more number of new fund offers would put in some bit of an additional 
pressure. But like what we saw in the first half of last year, we're not 
seeing numbers anywhere as bad as those. So, things are definitely 
better. Industry as a whole has kind of realized that it makes sense to do 
business at a rational price. So, yeah, it is better than where it was last 
year, lower than where our historic book is.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from 
JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Sir, just two questions. One is on this SIP and individual market share. 
So, besides the performance, are there any specific initiatives you have 
lined up to kind of improve that? The second is, is there any early 
distributor feedback on Mr. Prashant Jain departing? And do you think 
there will be an impact on new flows into the AMC? And third is now 
with the new structuring, what will be the concentration of AUM with 
the two or three competitors? Thank you, sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, first one was what we are doing on the SIP.  
Navneet Munot: 
Well, there are variety of things as I mentioned that HDFC AMC has 
been a pioneer when it comes to creating the cult around SIP. We were 
among the early players to focus a lot on that. I think over the last several 
months, I think we have tried to regain that in terms of our engagement 
with the distributors.  
Of course, as you mentioned, as the performance has improved across 
the board, that is also helping us. In all the other initiatives, whether it 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
comes to marketing, if you look at our social media handles and the other 
form of marketing that we have been doing I think in terms of improving 
our digital assets, improving our user experience on creating a new SIP 
or getting a new customer on board, all of those things we have been 
working and the results are very, very visible.  
I think we mentioned earlier that there is a bit of lag between the 
performance and the flows. And particularly, with the banks and the 
other national distributors where the products go out of their 
recommendation list or the focus list when they comeback, there is a bit 
of a lag between when you start seeing those numbers, whether in SIP 
or in terms of the lump sum flows, we have started seeing the positive 
impact as the products are getting approved or getting on the focus list 
or on the recommended list across most of the banks and the national 
distributors.  
Your other question was on will Prashant's departure impact the flows? 
The announcement has happened today, but as I mentioned earlier that I 
think we have a very solid team. One of the data point I can give you is 
that, if you look at all our actively managed funds, and now we have 
different fund managers who have been managing funds with different 
styles. So, when I talked about Roshi or Gopal or Srinivas or Chirag or 
now Rahul will be managing, most of our existing products have been 
getting positive flows. So, money has been coming in to almost 90% of 
our actively managed funds. I mean, the positive flows are there in 
almost 90% of our actively managed funds. So, I think we remain 
confident that distributors would continue to support us. 
Simal Kanuga: 
And Saurav, obviously, the concentration of AUM will go down. So, if 
you look at Prashant manages somewhere around 43, 44% of our AUM 
and we are yet to kind of make a formal announcement on which 
schemes will be managed by which manager, but it will be split between 
one, two or three managers depending on what we finally decide. So, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
yeah, concentration of AUM would go down as compared to where it 
was.  
Saurabh: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just two questions from my side. One is tension on the OpEx number 
and compared it with pre-pandemic levels. Just wanted to get some sense 
on directions regarding the overall movement in your operating 
expenses. The second is on the distribution side, if I look at two things, 
if I look at the disclosure and commissions and just try to get some sense 
of where the commission kind of inched up during FY22, it seems that 
the distributors or the larger ones who have been contributing bulk of 
the flows for the industry and also for you to some extent. There the 
commissions increase was a little bit higher and also to some extent, if I 
see the gross flow number, the overall gross flows from the top 10 
distributors was significantly higher in FY22. So, just wanted to get 
some sense on these two things.  
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, on the cost as we discussed, the increase in other expenses is largely 
attributable to business promotion, technology spend and life going back 
to normal. We will have the distributor training. We have travel etc. 
We've mentioned on the call earlier. So, over the three years, June 2019 
quarter we spent about 40 crores of expenses. In the current quarter, it's 
52 crores and that's the rough CAGR of 9%.  
 
Having said that, we are, of course, always mindful of what we spend, 
and at the same time, we don't want to be shy from investing in the 
business. So, the digital world is changing. We have to spend on 
technology. Data security is a matter and IT infrastructure is again 
something we are going to spend money on. So, I think we will 
obviously be mindful of where we are going to spend money. But cost 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
in some form and shape will sort of be there for us and that's the trend 
we expect. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
On the second part? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think you just mentioned about higher distribution commissions 
being paid to the larger guys and they being larger contributors to gross 
flows. See, there has been some level of concentration in terms of larger 
brokers. In terms of commissions, I think the commissions across the 
board have been high but as we have always maintained, if you look at 
it from our three broad distribution channels' perspective, banking, 
national distributors and MFDs, they tend to be as expensive in that 
following order, banks being the most expensive and followed by 
national distributors, followed by MFDs. So, yeah, that has been the 
case.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amey Sathe from Tata 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Amey Sathe: 
I've got two questions, sir. First question on the dividend payout. At 
what point you think you can increase the payout to, say, closer to 95 to 
100% considering we have around 5,000 odd crores of net worth now? 
Navneet Munot: 
I had mentioned that over the last two years, you would have seen an 
upward trajectory as far as the payout ratio is concerned and my sense 
is that this will have an upward trajectory going forward as well. I mean, 
the slope should move upward.  
Amey Sathe: 
But is there anything that you're looking at in the sense some kind of 
level of cash and cash equivalent or net worth that you think after that 
you will be comfortable increasing it to higher levels? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, the board is cognizant of that and will 
continue to evaluate best possible options. From the cash requirement 
perspective, we need to set some cash aside for abiding by SEBI’s skin 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
in the game regulation. We need to seed our AIFs. It will help us make 
a strong business case. We also have to put in some capital into funds, 
we will set up in GIFT. But otherwise, as I mentioned earlier that payout 
ratio should have an upward trajectory. 
Amey Sathe: 
Second question is on distributor side. So, post TER cut since we passed 
on most of the TER cut to the distributors, a lot of them sort of were not 
keen doing the business. That is the feedback that we got from the 
distributor community. So, are they coming back to us now? So, is it 
possible to get some kind of a quality statement how has been the 
engagement with them? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, across the board we are seeing positive traction whether it's the 
banks, whether it's national distributors, whether it's the mutual fund 
distributors. I think in terms of our overall engagement and activity with 
them has gone up substantially and we are seeing the results. And we 
feel very positive about the traction across all channels. 
Amey Sathe: 
And just a last question. So, you made one comment that last two years 
we couldn't do much of a SIP registration. So, were they any specific 
reason? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, Amey, that was because our traction was pretty low because of 
slightly muted performance and stuff like that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
So, just wanted to understand, sir, despite the market volatility, the SIP 
flows in the industry has remained strong and are at a lifetime high. And 
for that also it has improved during the quarter, but at the same time we 
also understand that the net-based SIP is growing at about like 40 to 50% 
in the industry level. So, how has that trend been for us? And recently, 
we are seeing that there is a slowdown in the new SIP registrations also. 
So, are we seeing any slowdown in the registrations as well?  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, this net SIP is a bit of, we have read these reports, right? Because 
finally what is SIP? SIP is an inflow that is coming in. The number that 
we are presenting for our asset management company is based on cash 
flow basis. So, if we are saying that we are getting Rs. 12.8 billion, we 
are getting that much amount of money in the account. These are not 
registrations. These are actually based on the cash flows and what we 
are reporting is the systematic transactions in total. So, that is one part 
of it.  
Navneet Munot:        On the overall, whether the market volatility would impact the flows? 
You know, it's interesting. When I look at the daily transaction sheet, I 
tend to see increased number of transactions, especially on the day the 
market corrects sharply, and it is pretty interesting, which means that 
investors are actually trying to buy more when market corrects and I'm 
talking about the number of transactions at our end.  
Of course, the returns over, say, a year or two do not look attractive. 
There would be some amount of inertia. There would be an impact on 
the flows. You talked about like SIP flows remaining robust and I should 
give the credit to the entire ecosystem, which is regulators, industry, our 
distribution fraternity, media, the association of mutual funds for getting 
the message of long-term investing across and I think volatility is now 
being taken aside and the best example of that is like growth in the SIP 
flows over medium to long term. 
 
Simal Kanuga: 
Also, I think just if I may add there, see SIP itself is a growth? So, we 
are talking about growth on growth. This, Rs. 12 odd thousand crores is 
actually additional money coming into the mutual fund industry. It is a 
step function. We've seen like a rapid growth. If it stabilizes for some 
time, that will not really concern us beyond a point. 
Lalit Deo: 
The employee expenses if you see excluding the ESOP expenses, so that 
has grown sequentially 13%. So, any specific reason for the same? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I think one is, of course, we had our appraisals which have sort of 
flown through. Also, I think you must see it in context of the fact that 
over the last three years, the expense has only grown by 6% per annum. 
So, there is nothing sort of outlier about it. It's just normal increase in 
year end compensation.  
Navneet Munot: 
And if I can add what Naozad just mentioned, market are is strong and 
it is important for us to retain our talent. Our industry is clearly 
experiencing a strong growth. We are extremely excited about the 
prospects of our business. And there is no reason for us to not invest in 
our people.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Sir. Couple of questions. First is from a three to five-year perspective, 
how do you see this industry evolving? And how are we placed with 
those trends? Because there are multiple things which are happening. 
One is the share of passive is gradually increasing. I don't know what is 
the recent trends, but last year it was a gradual pickup in the share. I 
think those trends may accelerate over next five years. And there is 
pressure on our fees and probably the role of direct money coming 
directly to the AMC is now also increased over a period of time. There 
has been quite sharp adoption in last five years. So, in these contexts, 
how are we placed? And how are we trying to benefit from these trends? 
Navneet Munot: 
Think about our industry for the next three, five years. So, purely from 
a growth perspective, think about it, we are a $3 trillion economy and 
one of the fastest growing economy in the world. So, even today the 
household savings, if you take, let's say, ballpark number of around 
20%, we are talking about $600 billion dollars of savings and if you look 
at the percentage which is coming into the mutual funds and within that 
into equity, I think it's very small, so a long way to go.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Other way to look at it, if you look at overall household assets today of 
9 to, 10 trillion, half of that would be in real estate, 10 to 15% or so 
would be in gold. A lot of that would actually be in hard cash and the 
overall equity assets within that is a little over 4%. In fact, that number 
was like half 10 years back. It's grown but still abysmally low relative 
to any other country in the world whether you look at equity assets with 
mutual fund as percentage of market cap, as percentage of GDP, as 
percentage of household savings, flows as percentage of overall assets, 
anyway, a long way to go.  
 
You look at 50 crore people who would have a PAN card. Within that, 
maybe 7 or 8 crore people who file income tax returns versus the people 
who have invested in mutual funds, if you look at unique accounts are 
3.5 crores. So, a long way to go and at HDFC AMC we have set a 
mission for ourselves which is to be the wealth creator for every Indian. 
To be the wealth creator for every Indian, we believe this 3.5 crore 
number can go up substantially over the next several years as the 
acceptance of mutual fund as the preferred saving vehicle, investment 
vehicle and within that, I think, more and more people accepting SIP as 
the way to create wealth over a period of time gains acceptance and we 
want to lead from the front.  
 
I hope that answers your question and there would be several other 
opportunities, right? That's on the core mutual fund side. Other than that, 
there are opportunities in managing money for family offices, Ultra 
HNIs or the other institutional investors on segregated accounts which 
are like PMS. We are also looking at AIFs, building the platform on the 
Alternative Investment Fund side and we see a lot of opportunity there 
as India grows over the next several years from $3 to $5 trillion 
economy. We all talk about financialization of savings. We talk about 
digitalization of finance, but even financialization of assets is also a 
very, very big trend and there would be opportunity on the alternative 
side. Even, I think, serving large global institutions who would have 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
interest in investing in India in equity market, in bond market and 
alternatives over the next several years, there would be another 
opportunity. So, over the next 3, 5, 7, 10 years, we feel very excited 
about the opportunity an Indian asset manager with a pedigree like us 
can have.  
Nidhesh: 
So, I was actually asking from these trends of passives going up share, 
of direct AUM going up from those trends, so the growth story of Indian 
mutual fund industry is I think very well appreciated. Looking at the 
current concerns that most of the investors have is how the revenue pool 
of the industry will grow? AUM, I understand will grow at a pretty rapid 
pace, but how the revenue pool will grow and there are concern around 
disruption from, let's say from direct mutual funds. Also, we are seeing 
that our own fee yields have been coming down as you mentioned that 
the lowest yield is around 40 basis points while book yield is 75 basis 
points. So, in that context, how are we placed with respect to the revenue 
pool or profit pool base for the industry and for ourselves? 
Navneet Munot: 
See, I can give the analogy of the broking industry. Look at the way 
commissions have fallen over the years. Few years back, people were 
extremely concerned about the fall in commission rates. They would 
have fallen by, like, what? 90% or so. But look at the revenue pool and 
the profit pool in the last couple of years. So, I think something similar 
may happen here and as I mentioned that as a company, we believe there 
is huge opportunity in front of us and we wouldn't like to miss on that 
opportunity.  
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And second is what we have seen is that there is a very high 
correlation of inflows with the last 12 months performance, last 18 
months performance and because of which actually the investor end up 
chasing the best performing fund during that period. That might not 
necessarily be the best strategy and because of which I think investor 
also loses out. Companies also, AMC also loses out. So, is there a way 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
to correct that to create more awareness among the investor community? 
Or how do we think about that? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, to an extent, it's happening which is reflecting in the stable flows in 
to SIPs and you are right. I mean, of course, the short-term performance 
does impact, but I think people appreciate when institutions like us have 
a long-term track record, the pedigree, the process, the investment 
philosophy, all of that. I think lot of investors and distributors appreciate 
that aspect and as an institution, as an institution we will continue to 
work harder on that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal 
Oswal Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Atul Mehra: 
So, just one question with respect to the fund of fund GIFT City that we 
spoke about. So, just thinking about it conceptually, for us like we've 
primarily been a more retail oriented in terms of asset management 
offering and we don't have our own distribution like most of it is relied 
on through banks or IFAs or wealth managers. So, for a fund of fund 
offering, wouldn't you see that a wealth manager carry out a fund of fund 
offering by themselves or the HNI client through the LRS would just go 
out and bypasses on many of these platforms like vested or something. 
So, how do we see in terms of earnings for us here? Because it's a more 
HNI oriented product and it is also something that the HNIs and the 
wealth manager can do themselves. So, maybe if you could talk a little 
bit about this? Thank you so much.  
Navneet Munot: 
Market is very small today and I think over the next several years as the 
amount of wealth increases, people diversify more. People look at 
various opportunities across the world, across asset classes, across 
different markets. So, we will create products which will invest 
internationally in GIFT City. The idea here is to attract the LRS capital 
as well as capital from NRIs. But the broader other idea on this since 
you asked about the GIFT City, so the wholly owned subsidiary we have 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
created in GIFT City will be our gateway to the global world. We will 
create products in GIFT which would help us showcase our domestic 
investment management capabilities to global investors and we see lot 
of opportunity in this space over the next several years. 
Atul Mehra: 
So, it's more from both from an inbound perspective as well a outbound. 
So, inbound is also an angle for value setup in GIFT, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
Absolutely. Inbound is a larger angle.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hiral Desai from Anived 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
So, Navneet, just wanted to check of this 5,500 crore of investment book 
that we have, how much of that is blocked because of regulatory 
reasons? And on the remaining part, can you actively manage it, like, 
take a call on the rate cycle etc.? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, a very large part of that is invested into our own fixed income fund. 
So, we don't take aggressive calls on interest rates or duration or any 
such thing.  
Hiral Desai: 
And that would be because of regulatory reasons or because of the call 
that you guys have taken? 
Navneet Munot: 
That's the call we have taken. Over a period of time, we will have to seed 
our AIF products. As we have mentioned earlier, we are launching a 
fund of fund in Category-II. Over a period of time, we'll look at more 
funds in the AIF category and we will have skin in the game and then 
we'll be investing there. Otherwise, on the fund side, from a SEBI 
regulation perspective, I think there is a skin in the game which like a 
certain percentage of our AUM across equity and fixed income funds 
that get invested.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
And so that number is 388 crores is what we have to invest as per the 
SEBI circular. 258 crores of that is in equity and balance 130 is in debt. 
It's anyway part of the disclosure on the website.  
Hiral Desai: 
And Navneet, just conceptually to understand, so let's say you launched 
an NFO last year where obviously the pricing was very stiff. Now, 
currently, we don't really have an upfront payout. So, it would be based 
in form of trail. So, is there like a lock in period? So, let's say, if you've 
launched an NFO, you can change the dealer payout only after a year or 
you can change it let's say within that year also? Like, how does that 
nuance work? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Hiral, basically, what we do is when we go and do a new product, 
we tend to commit commissions for a period of time. So, it's not 
something that is changing every year. And it's different commission 
levels for different set of distributors. So, there would be certain places 
where we would have committed for three years, certain places 
committed for a year so on and so forth. But yeah, obviously, we can't 
go and just keep changing the number there. Most of the distributors do 
expect us to give them three years kind of committed trail commissions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit: 
So, you made a comment that the market share on the active equities is 
broadly flat for the last few months, but given your earlier comment that 
there's been some improvement on the redemption and the gross flows, 
one would have thought that would have seen some improvement on the 
market share as well, because the construct of the AUM for us is 
probably a little more on the balanced side of things, right? Is there 
something that we are missing in this overall map here? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, sir, not exactly. See what we said is the gross flows have improved 
from where they were and redemptions have gone down. But see, our 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 22, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
market share is 11.5%. So, for new flows, net new flows, our market 
share has to be above 11.5% for the share to improve, right? So, what 
we are stating, if you look at the previous few quarters, we were kind of 
losing share quarter-on-quarter. That is not what has happened in the 
most recent quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Siddharth, 
individual investor. Please go ahead. Siddharth, may I request you to 
unmute your line from your side and go ahead with your question, 
please.  
Siddharth: 
Could you detail little bit more about the AIFs and the venture capital 
fund that you've launched about the investments that you have made and 
what you are looking at investing in through these? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, basically, we are yet to launch it. We have filed a PPM with SEBI. 
This is going to be a fund of funds, which is going to invest in the entire 
spectrum. More or less, half of the fund would be invested into venture 
capital funds and the balance half would be invested into mid-markets/ 
growth funds. Some bit of it might also get into buyout funds. So, we 
are awaiting approval for this product from SEBI and once that happens, 
we get into a capital raise mode. Post we raise the capital, we'll start 
committing capital to underlying set of funds. We have started the 
process in terms of meeting up with underlying set of managers, have 
started the screening process and we are just trying to get a HDFC 
institutional overlay on this whole fund. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
