APL/SEC/32/2022-23/40 
29th July, 2022 
BSE Limited   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Block G, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East), 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500820  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT 
Sir/Madam, 
 Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Call 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the investor call held on 26th July, 2022, with regards to the 
financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2022.  
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed through 
the following link: 
Investor Call - Transcript 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED  
R. J. JEYAMURUGAN 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: As above 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN
Digitally signed by 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN 
Date: 2022.07.29 13:09:01 
+05'30'

  
1 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Asian Paints Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
 
July 26, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Management :   
Mr. Amit Syngle  
: MD & CEO  
Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan 
: CFO & Company Secretary  
Mr. Parag Rane  
: GM – Finance  
Mr. Arun Nair   
: Manager - Corporate Communications 

 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
Arun Nair: Good Evening and a very warm welcome to one and all for the Asian Paints 
investor conference for Q1 FY 2023 results. Today in the panel we have Mr. Amit Syngle, 
MD & CEO. We have Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan, CFO and Company Secretary and we have         
Mr. Parag Rane, GM - Finance. 
May I now request Mr. Amit Syngle to take you all through the presentation, Mr. Amit 
Syngle over to you. 
 
Amit Syngle: Good evening and welcome to the investor conference for the Quarter One 
financial year 2023. 
 
 
 
First of all, just to reiterate that at Asian Paints we have been delivering joy since 1942 we 
exist to beautify preserve transform all spaces and objects bringing happiness to the 
world and that’s the key kind of objective which we have been kind of following for 
decades. 
 

 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Coming straight to the results, the results have been quite exceptional as you can see the 
overall Quarter has gone off quite well in terms of the overall performance which is there.  
The total volume growth for the Quarter is 37%, which is one of the highest volume 
growth, which we have seen in the last 6 Quarters so to say. We have a value growth 
which is also 59% which is aided by both a better mix as well as the price increases which 
we have taken in Q3 and Q4 earlier to that extent which is the realization which we are 
getting, The good thing is that when we compare it with the normal year which is the FY 
19-20 which was the pre-covid year, so that you can see in the four year CAGR, both 
volume and value CAGR has have been clearly 20%, which clearly shows that this is a very 
very healthy overall growth which we have been able to get and it is just not over a lower 
base to that extent and this has been the consistent strategy of the company in terms of 
driving the top line in a very strong manner and that is what you see the results coming 
out for you. 
 

 
4 | P a g e 
 
 
I just referred to this.  So, if you see consistent kind of overall growths, which you kind of 
see, you can look at the overall double digit volume trend which is coming in, in terms of 
this overall the percentage represents the CAGR numbers which you are seeing overall. 
So consistent volume growth, which is coming, and I would say that in a scenario which is 
currently there, getting a volume growth is a very clear indicator in terms of possibly a 
good performance which the organization is putting forward as we kind of go forward. 
 

 
5 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Coming to some of the details of the overall performance one thing which we have been 
seeing in Quarter One which is a trend which is continuing for Quarter Four is that the T1, 
T2 centers continue to grow faster than the T3, T4 centers. The economy range is also 
leading the growth in T3, T4 centers but the Prelux which is the premium and luxury range 
is growing very well in T1, T2 centers giving us a very better mix to that extent, but clearly 
what we are seeing is that in T3, T4 centers, given the price increases which have taken 
place there is a little bit of a down trading which is happening towards the economy 
products where is the growth coming in in some of those centers there. The other great 
thing which we see is that the Projects Institutional business is on a very strong trajectory.  
We are seeing growths coming from the Builder construction segment in a big way, we 
are also seen from the whole area of the Government spending on infra projects and the 
factory segments and therefore it also continues to nudge our entire growth in 
waterproofing and construction chemicals in a very big way overall, and this is something 
which we see geographically across the country to that extent and that is why we would 
say that this seems to be a fairly strong trend which we think will continue. 
 

 
6 | P a g e 
 
When you look at overall from the point of view of our newer categories of waterproofing 
and adhesives, both have been growing at exponential rates for the last few Quarters, as 
we see as it is in the case in this Quarter. Overall, the distribution footprint which we have 
been kind of telling you all about earlier is expanding at a fairly staggering rate and we 
have added more than about 5000 retailing points in Quarter One itself which is itself a 
fairly big number in terms of the way it is. The other big parameter which Asian Paints is 
using going forward is innovation and when we say innovation this is innovation based on 
patents.  Patents which have been commercialized and therefore we have launched about 
10 new products in Quarter One. So today if we see that in the entire market, we have 
close to about 40 unique products which almost no competition has and almost about 
300 unique finishes as far as textures and finishes which kind of come in and that’s the 
kind of innovation which we are continuing, which we think is very difficult for any other 
competitor to match as you kind of go ahead.  
 
 
 
Just to give you a glimpse, if you see some of these products which have come are by itself 
very strong products.  We are launching an anti-insect enamel, there is ‘Advanced PU’ 

 
7 | P a g e 
 
Enamel. PU is the latest technology at the high end.  We are launching high-quality, high 
end ‘Glitz Matt’ product, which is there, and we are launching a full collection which is 
called the ‘Luxe Collection’, which is coming in ‘Royale Play’. 
 
 
 

 
8 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
9 | P a g e 
 
Some glimpses of the finishes, the finishes just look brilliant, and this is really the gateway 
of the world which we are trying of getting to India. In terms of the kind of finishes which 
look like Granite and are really very amazing and they can be done with stenciling as well. 
So, I think some amazing kind of standout products especially at the top end luxury end 
and the premium end in terms of what we are kind of taking out.  
 
 
 
So, when we come to the home decor business; In this business what we are seeing is 
again as we are saying a lot of strides have been made overall.  So, this is a business just 
for your information, we are moving from the ‘share of surface’ to the ‘share of space’ 
within the home.  So, it is a transition from saying not only on the four walls but between 
the four walls and if you look at one of the areas which we have looked at propagating 
this decor is our ‘Beautiful Homes Stores’ which is decor under one roof, where we offer 
a range of categories kitchen, bath, sanitary, lighting, tiles, flooring, etc. And overall, we 
have about 31 Stores operational across the country.  We also have a service which we 
call as the ‘Beautiful Home Service’, which is there where we offer a personalized interior 
design and I think this is something which has been growing at a very strong pace and got 

 
10 | P a g e 
 
traction. It is offered in about nine cities.  We are adding a lot of ranges in categories to 
our Home Decor proposition, we have added now ‘Rugs’ as a proposition which has come 
to our overall decor portfolio and aligned with the organization called ‘Jaipur Rugs’ there 
and we seems to be, we are inspiring the entire model through a central digital engine 
which is called the beautifulhomes.com.  So digital is a very strong part of this fore, which 
also takes into the whole area of the Gen Z and the millennial crowd which kind of comes 
in a very strong way as we kind of go forward.  
 
 
 
We see the Kitchen and the Bath business - Again both businesses in Quarter One has 
been doing extremely well.   
 
The kitchen business has grown by a staggering 66%, they locked in more than Rs. 100 
crores of business, Rs. 111 crores in the kitchen and they lowered the losses which were 
there previously. The losses were due to inflation which we saw in Q1 to that extent and 
that is why a small loss which has come, which we are confident that as we go forward 
this will get really turned into profits. 

 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
If you look at Bath, again a staggering growth very healthy growth of 116% of total 
business of close to about Rs. 119 crores over a base of Rs. 55 crores.  These are very 
strong bases as well as what we see, and I think as in the last two Quarters we have seen 
good profitability have started to come in. We did about PBT of about Rs. 5 crores in Bath 
business, where we saw lesser of inflation from some of the core of raw material which 
kind of come into the overall effect.  
So, I think both businesses have now comfortably started crossing the Rs. 100 crores mark 
strongly; and we have told you earlier we are putting up a new plant in Pune which should 
be kind of operational by Q4 of this financial year as we kind of go ahead.  So, this is a 
business to really look out for in terms of going forward.  
 
 
 
Our recent acquisitions, which are there, both have done extremely well in the 1st 
Quarter we took on ‘Weatherseal’, which was into UPVC windows and doors overall and 
this is something which in Quarter One has done also quite well overall and we are 
growing towards a strong number which we will deliver this year in terms of the overall 

 
12 | P a g e 
 
space of UPVC windows and doors and we are making a lot of investments to take this 
distribution forward as we kind of go ahead.  
 
‘White Teak’ is the other acquisition which we had done.  The business has done 
extremely well in the 1st Quarter by maintaining the same gross margins and the EBITDA 
margins and overall, it’s a Rs. 20 crores business in Quarter One against a full year last 
year of Rs. 57 crores.  So clearly a business which is growing and strongly growing.  So, the 
overall home décor, we feel as a foray has been very strong in Q1, and this will continue 
to grow given the higher focus which the organization is putting in this direction.  
 
 
Overall coming to AP global business, you see the footprint across various countries 
outside India.  The representation is across Asia, Middle East, Africa, in terms of what you 
see and in South Pacific.  
 
 

 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
So when we look at the performance here, again a clear double digit performance coming 
in global overall when we see and this is aided by still the fact that we were able to kind 
of drive certain price increases in the last Quarter and even in this Quarter to that extent 
despite challenging situations which we have seen in several countries.  You are all aware 
of what’s happening in Sri Lanka and we’ve facing some headwinds with respect to forex; 
even with respect to Egypt in a strong way; but overall if you see all geographies, Africa 
has grown by about 8%, Middle East by about 10%, Asia is something which is aided by 
Nepal and Bangladesh in a strong way by about 24% overall and the good part is that we 
have started realizing good PBTs this year.  Last year was not so good, because of very 
high inflation and overall PBT which we have been able to drive is pretty good in terms of 
what we have been able to do this year about Rs. 38 crores against Rs. 11 crores of loss 
last year. So, I think that is something which is given as a very strong overall performance 
as far as the consolidated results go.  
 

 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
 
If you look at the Industrial business, just to remind everyone, we are both in General 
Industrial (GI) and Auto OE business separately through two JVs which are there.  
 
 
 

 
15 | P a g e 
 
If I look at the performances, the PPG-AP JV, which looks at Auto OE largely and Refinishes 
overall; this JV has done also quite well over all bring it about 63% given the fact that auto 
industry has started recovering quite a bit after the chip shortage which we saw last year 
in across the Quarters to that extent.  Given that recovery, we have seen a strong return 
in the auto OE business overall and if you look at even the Refinishes business that has 
also done quite well and therefore against a last year Rs. (-)6 crores of loss we are looking 
at almost about a Rs. 30 crores kind of a profit coming here to that extent and that is 
something which has really propelled the business forward.  
 
The other JV which is there AP-PPG, which we call as a General Industrial has been 
consistently kind of growing over the last 8 Quarters, as I see and they have done a 
staggering growth of almost about 56% on a very big base of last year as well to that 
extent and more importantly they continue to kind of deliver fairly healthy profits which 
is there and overall whether it is the whole area of Protective paints or in terms of Powder 
Coatings the overall business has been pretty good. So, in all Industrial business has done 
also very well like the other businesses like I have showed you.  
 
 

 
16 | P a g e 
 
 
So, if you look at from the gross margins, just for your information if we compare with 
obviously the margins position overall, if you look at sequential, yes the margins have 
come down and bit from 39.7 to 37.9 because we saw almost a 6% inflation in Quarter 
One over Quarter Four and despite the fact that we had taken 2% price increases during 
the Quarter, definitely the inflation was out far outstripping.  We needed to balance the 
overall price increase in the market so that the price elasticity should remain to that 
extent in terms of the overall position and that is why we took a slightly balance price 
increase overall.  When you compare it with an equivalent Quarter of last year which is 
Q1 of financial year 2022, that is also was about 38.9 so we were a percentage lower as 
far as overall the gross margin picture is concerned.  
 
 
As you kind of go forward, despite all this when you look at the Standalone financials, it 
is very clear that the performance has been very strong.  You have a Net Sales growing at 
about 60%, you have a gross margin growth of about 55% at an absolute level, the PBDIT 
is also about 65% growth, PBT is 73% and PAT accordingly is it about 71%.  But the good 
thing obviously is that the PBDIT margin has improved from 18.7 in Quarter One of last 

 
17 | P a g e 
 
year to 19.4 in the Quarter One of the current year, and that is something which is a very 
strong effort which has gone into cost optimization, efficiency measures which we have 
kind of taken despite the higher inflation in the gross margins being lower to that extent 
and that is something which has been a very strong zone in terms of what we have kind 
of looked at. So I think that’s a good trend in terms of what we see in terms of the PBDIT 
margins improving and that is what we hope to kind of retain as we kind of go forward.  
 
 
 
Coming to the overall Consolidated financials, so overall when we see, here again the 
standalone topline was slightly better than the other businesses and that is why the 
overall net sales here is about a 55% gain, but if you look at from the point of view of both 
PBDIT and PBT, it is clear that you know the other businesses because of AP global doing 
quite well compared to last year, the growths are much higher here in terms of 70% and 
84% which you clearly see in terms of what has been delivered overall.  Even the PBDIT 
margins have improved by 1.6% over the Quarter One of last year.  So overall I think all 
businesses doing quite well, fairly healthy numbers in terms of what we are seeing, and I 
think that is something which is propelling the overall growth of the company. 

 
18 | P a g e 
 
 
 
I’m sure you are looking at finding out what is our outlook.  I think as we go ahead, we 
are seeing demand conditions being stable as I said that the consumers sentiment in this 
Quarter was also quite good.  Overall, we see fairly okay growths in rural and urban 
markets to continue.  We are focused on delivering topline is something which is very 
strong, and this focus will continue, and we will keep on focusing on both volume and 
value coming across because that is something which is one of the clear objectives which 
the organization wants to drive.  
 
Overall, when we see the advance in monsoon has been quite good.  Overall, some small 
deficits here and there but we feel that the overall monsoon should be normal, and I think 
that will have a good sentiment in T3, T4 and the demands in T3, T4 cities should improve 
further as we kind of see.  Yes, inflation is a big worry at the moment because while 
inflation stabilized in Quarter Four, we again saw resurgence in Quarter One.  I think the 
overall macro environment situations are again very unpredictable as it kind of looks. 
Over and above the rupee depreciation is also a cause of worry. So in all I think the 

 
19 | P a g e 
 
inflation is a cause of worry in terms of what we need to kind of watch out for and demand 
is not that  
 
much of an issue as we kind of see and especially when we look at the disturbances which 
are happening in some of the key markets and the forex changes, I think Sri Lanka, 
Bangladesh, Ethiopia and Egypt are facing some headwinds and that is something which 
we will have to take into stride; but overall, I think the directions seems to be good, we 
seem to have left Covid behind and therefore I think the situation appears really good in 
terms of overall growth as we look forward.  
 
 
 

 
20 | P a g e 
 
 
Just a bit on in terms of our whole ESG initiative which is all about our sustainable journey 
which is part of our Asian Paints charter.  We looked at various areas in terms of 
Environment, Social and Governance and you can see these areas right up there which 
we follow very stringently and which would have read in our the annual report which 
came out this year.  If you look at some of the benchmarks and the landmarks which we 
have been able to achieve are very strong so whether it is the case of water 
replenishment, whether it is the case of the whole area of RE which is the electricity which 
we are able to kind of generate or it is about effluent reduction or it is the hazardous 
waste disposal, all areas have been very stringently kind of taken.  We have been working 
on with the GreenPro certification for almost 187 of our products and that’s something 
which is a good achievement and in the Social area, we continue in terms of the work 
which we have done last year.  You know about 3,75,00 trainings which we have been 
able to impart and almost about 2,70,000 beneficiaries of the health initiatives which we 
have kind of taken. So, a very strong body of work which is happening in all these areas 
which are there.  
That’s all from us and thank you so much and we are now ready for your questions.  Thank 
you.  

 
21 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: God evening everyone.  Request all participants to kindly rename yourself 
with your name and company name.  Today we have participants joining on zoom video 
platform and also via tele calling platform. Requesting all participants joined via zoom 
video platform, please use the raise hand feature to ask a question to the panelist.  Kindly 
unmute when given a chance to ask a question.  Please say your name and company name 
before asking questions. Participants connecting via zoom video platform can post their 
question on the chat box too and we will ask on your behalf. Participants joined through 
toll-free numbers, please press *1 to ask questions to the panelist.  Please say your name 
and company name before asking your questions.  
We now have our first caller online with us via zoom. Mr. Abneesh Roy (Edelweiss 
Securities), Request you to unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
 
Abneesh Roy: Yeah thanks, the first question is on White Teak, so looking very sharp 
number versus the full year. So, is there a seasonality here and is the growth coming 
because of the addition of the distribution or is it because it is doing well on its own? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, we have used multiple areas to kind of take the Whit Teak business on.  
One of the company owned stores, we are increasing the company owned stores from 
their current number to of 10 to further stores and some numbers have already got 
increased.  We have also introduced White Teak in our Beautiful Homes stores which are 
total 31 stores now to that extent and we have now expanded the whole design and the 
range which we are offering in White Teak.  Some very good work which has happened in 
all that space, so we think this business which we are gaining getting is more because the 
fact that there is a larger distribution now available.  People have more access at the same 
Q&A 

 
22 | P a g e 
 
time we are also focusing in terms of looking at getting more and more customers to the 
virtual site so that we can get more leads.  
 
Abneesh Roy: Sure, my second question is on AP-PPG, so 19% revenue CAGR. I don’t think 
the industry would be growing at this level, so if you could elaborate who are you gaining 
market share from, and then in which industry segment have you gained.  
 
Amit Syngle: So there are two segments, or the three segments which we have done 
extremely well.  One is the segment of Powder coating where we have been able to kind 
of really get very very good business from the medium sized industries with in the area of 
fans, helmets and so on and so forth which are there to that extent and this business has 
been really growing at exponential growths overall in terms of what we see and we are 
getting a higher selling prices as well to that extent in terms of the realizations which are 
there. The second business is the Protective paint business which again, we have been 
able to focus on the oil and gas sector and some other sectors which are there to that 
extent where we have got good sales coming in and the third area is the whole area of 
Road Markings and Flooring.  This third areas also kind of grown very strongly with us. We 
feel that largely as we see, we would have gained from the organized players in this 
market in a very strong manner and this is something which is a strong trajectory basis 
superior products, good quality and good servicing. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we now have our next caller online, Mr. Avi Mehta (Macquarie) 
who is online with us via zoom. Sir, please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Avi Mehta: Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask on the margin front, 
you know if you could give us a sense on your outlook on the input cost environment 
especially given the almost 10% odd correction that we’ve see recently in titanium dioxide 
prices in China and a related question would it be fair to read your outlook comments as 

 
23 | P a g e 
 
one, Q1 being the bottom of gross margin and we steadily recovering probably in the 
second half to 40-42% reach? Thank you.  
 
Amit Syngle: So, when we see the overall environment, I think the volatility continues. I 
referred in my presentation that Q4 saw 1% and that point of time we thought that was 
the last of the inflation which we were seeing.  To be surprised by Quarter One where we 
saw 6% kind of inflation coming and that also on the talk of recession happening in the 
world and overall prices are coming down over to that extent. So, I think this entire area 
will continue to be little bit volatile as we kind of go and see forward because while at this 
moment we are seeing crude coming down, we are still seeing inflation in prices of rutile 
and prices of some of our additives and so and so forth which are there to do this thing 
and especially a very high rise coming with respect to our solvent based raw materials 
which are there to that extent. So, as I see it, I think even in Quarter Two we are expecting 
some inflation to kind of continue to that extent and I don’t think so we should be able to 
reach that kind of a level till point of time.  
 
While we are taking price increases, we have announced another price increase of about 
0.5% in Quarter Two and we will take further calibrated price increases going forward, 
but I think we are not in a situation where the environment is stable and I think the 
inflationary kind of environment will continue, but, I think the company by focusing with 
respect to its initiatives on sourcing formulation and cost efficiencies would kind of really 
see that we are able to deliver good topline growths at the same time good PBDIT 
margins. 
 
Avi Mehta: Sir, then this just the other bit on continuing with that theme that you expect 
volatile input cost, would you see signs, are you concerned about decorative demand 
weakness creeping in because of this inflationary scenario or is the near term 
commentary still remaining especially July for example to be bullish, that’s all from my 

 
24 | P a g e 
 
side. And last before I mean if I don’t get a chance sir, I wish you get well soon, I could see 
the hand, that’s all. Thank you very much sir! 
 
Amit Syngle: No, thank you for the concern. Over all what we see very clearly is that you 
know the consumer demand is definitely is a concern which is there in our mind; but you 
know what we have seen in Quarter One that after taking almost about an increase of 
anywhere between 25% to about 28% you know, consumer demand we have been able 
to really kind of see that the demand is there, the marriage season is quite big for us and 
that is something which seems to be continuing.  There seems to be obviously a pent-up 
demand for the last two years of Covid whatever you say in the market, Overall, the 
housing sector is kind of I would say booming overall. There are lot of real estate market 
is going the construction market is also up in terms of this thing, government spending on 
infra is up. Given all this what we are seeing we are also trying to balance our price 
increases as we said and we are taking very measured increases to that extent, so we 
don’t upset the consumer demand going forward. So, I think you’re pretty hopeful that in 
this balancing act as a kind of go forward, while the environment will remain inflationary, 
we will try to pass minimum kind of increases as far as the customer is concerned and 
would focus clearly on consumer demand being there in the market because we would 
really like to drive the top end of the market in a big way.  
 
Avi Mehta: Thank you very much!  
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we would request everyone to limit your questions to 2 max. 
We now have our next caller online, Mr. Mihir Shah (Nomura), via teleconferencing.  
Request you to unmute yourself and ask your question please. 
 
Mihir Shah: Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a strong set of results. Sir 
I just wanted to check with you is there any one-off in sales or any case of inventory fill-
up at the dealer end, as in you know when 4Q was there, they didn’t have purchased as 

 
25 | P a g e 
 
much, so they had to purchase more than normal in the 1st Quarter, so that’s one. And a 
supplementary to that is, if you see the KL volumes told in this Quarter, is it a sustainable 
one for the remaining part of year? Because historically you know we have seen 1Q sales 
in normal years to be one of the lower versus the other Quarters.  So, assuming if you 
have done this, you know very large part of KL sales in this quarter, you know you should 
do much more than what you have done this Quarter in the remaining part of the year, 
so that’s my first question. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so as we see it you know going forward, we see that you know the 
kind of sales which we have been able to get even in terms of the volume level overall I 
think has been quite good.  There is no excess stocking in the market which we see very 
clearly because at Asian Paints I think we believe that you know the turnover of inventory 
at the retailers end is very important and we should not be really looking at very high 
inventory levels at the retailers and I think that is why possibly, we focus on servicing so 
much so I think it is very clear that there is no increase of inventory at the retailers end 
which is kind of gone ahead and typically what happens is that July and August are the 
months of stocking which really happens depending on what time is the Diwali to that 
extent and therefore I think it is devoid of any kind of inventory dumping which are there 
to that extent. Overall, what we see is that Quarter One if you look at from a CAGR 
perspective, I think is about a 20% volume growth from 2019-20 which is there and I think 
going forward, other Quarters we are also looking at saying that we can maintain a double 
digit kind of CAGRs over the normal year which is there, is what is the kind of approach 
we will have it will all depend in terms of how consumers demand pans out and how 
possibly the B2B business also kind of really grows overall.  So, to that extent I think you 
know overall if everything goes well, it should be a good growth across the Quarters as 
we see forward. 
 
Mihir Shah: Thank you sir, my second question is on margin how should one think about 
margins? Can one say the margins have bottomed in the 1st Quarter, you know I 

 
26 | P a g e 
 
understand the you know single digit inflation that you see, but the price increase should 
ideally make up for that, so that’s you know one and margin should improve from 1st 
Quarter onwards and secondly, on current margin structure that we have, its quite far 
from the long period average of about 43 odd percent. I am talking about gross margins, 
so do you see margins going back to those levels or this would be a new normalized 
margin band that the company is working with? 
 
Amit Syngle: So overall as far as gross margins is concerned the entire index totally 
depends on the inflation going forward okay.  So, I think we’re calibrating a price increases 
accordingly to that extent and we are taking price increases only if it becomes a very clear 
indicator to us that we need to kind of take a price increase to kind of push up the margins 
to that extent.  I feel that the overall gross margin range for some time might be in the 
band of about 38-40, as I see it I don’t see it kind of really going up to 40-43 levels 
immediately to that extent. I think we are sometime away from that as you kind of go 
forward till the time we see that the macro situation is improved and we are in a normal 
kind of a situation, crude comes down, raw material is kind of soften, I think we are little 
bit far away from that but I think currently we should kind of leave it in that band of maybe 
30-40.5 kind of overall gross margin band. 
 
Mihir Shah: Got it, thank you so much and lastly you know if I can ask on bookkeeping on 
capex and wish you a speedy recovery sir, that’s all from my side. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, on capex what is the specific query? 
 
Mihir Shah: So, what is the capex outlay that we have planned for this year and next year? 
 
Amit Syngle: You want to answer that? 
 

 
27 | P a g e 
 
Parag Rane: Yeah, so for the year we are putting a number of close to about Rs. 800 odd 
crores from capital outlay point of view, most of it going to our brownfield capital 
expansions.  
 
Mihir Shah: Thank you Parag and wish you a speedy recovery sir, thank you so much. 
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir we now have our next caller online, Mr. Richard Liu (JM 
Financial), who is online with us via zoom.  Please unmute yourself and ask your question 
sir. 
 
Richard Liu: Hi good evening, can you all hear me? 
 
Amit Syngle: Yes, we can hear you. 
 
Richard Liu: Thank you. Sir…  
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry, sorry your voice is coming. Some echo is there in your voice can you 
go away from your speaker and speak possibly? 
 
Richard Liu: Okay, is this better? 
 
Amit Syngle: Yeah, little better, yeah. 
 
Richard Liu: Okay, so I was asking about you know what you mentioned about in the 
outlook slide, that Q2 inflation estimated to be in low single digits. Is this y-o-y or q-o-q. 
 

 
28 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay, so see overall inflation which we were talking of was first of all, we 
said that if you see Q1 from Q4 was about a 6% kind of an increase in terms of what we 
saw.  In Q4 we saw about 1% increase compared to a Q3 which was there overall to that 
extent and overall, what we have seen is increase of almost about close to about 34% 
overall in terms of what you have seen as inflation from Q4 of last year.  
 
Parag Rane: On your question about Q2, yes, we have indicated a single digit kind of 
inflation on Q2 over Q1 current year.  Y-o-y would still be in the region of about 25 odd 
percent, because we had a steep inflation coming in Q3 of last year. 
 
Richard Liu: Parag, if I look at the headline numbers for TiO2 and Crude…  
 
Parag Rane: Richard, I think we are losing you in between, but I would still try to answer 
it. So, while we are saying that TiO2 and other things have softened to an extent, but in 
our sort of raw material basket what we are seeing is including TiO2 and while crude has 
dropped a bit of the solvent category has moved up quite significantly, we saw that kind 
of inflation hitting us even in Q1 of current year. So really the linkage between crude 
prices the headline crude prices coming off and some of our consumption prices not 
showing that kind of a trend, I think that still exists. So, we sort of live with that as we go 
forward. 
 
Richard Liu: No Parag, I am talking the other way round, I am saying that the headline 
inflation is actually more than…   
 
Amit Syngle:  No, overall see there is always you know the lag in terms of the overall 
prices in terms of what we see so currently in terms of whatever softening which you have 
seen which is there possibly that is indicative of some kind of a lower inflation as we have 
seen in Q1 over Q4 to that extent. So, I think, what we are saying definitely is that yes 
there is softening in terms of the overall level, but the inflation is still there to that extent 

 
29 | P a g e 
 
in terms of what we are calculating.  So, I don’t think so you should go by the general 
overall parameters which we are seen in terms of, what we are saying that there is a 6% 
inflation and rutile being a very strong contributor in terms of the overall raw material, 
you could link that a large part of inflation is also coming from rutile. 
 
Richard Liu: If I go by the fact that you know we are talking about mid-single digit inflation 
and your incremental price increase is about 0.5%. 
 
Amit Syngle: About 2 % in Quarter 1. 
 
Richard Liu: No, in July. 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay. 
 
Richard Liu: Right, so we are talking about a 6%, a low single digit raw material inflation. 
Are you saying your gross margins in Q2 will be lower than Q1? 
 
Amit Syngle:  So, see the Quarter 2 is still not over in terms of what is going on so we are 
still kind of monitoring the situation so when we say that we are expecting a lower digit 
inflation number, we still don’t know whether it is going to be at about 1%, 1.5% or 2% 
kind of a zone.  We are estimating all that and there could be depending on what is the 
kind of inflation, what is the kind of other efficiencies we are getting, we might take more 
calibrated price increases as we go forward. 
 
Richard Liu: Okay, okay and second is White Teak turnover of Rs. 20 crores that is included 
of consolidated results of this Quarter? 
 
Amit Syngle: That includes what? Sorry? 
 

 
30 | P a g e 
 
Richard Liu: The White Teak sales of Rs. 20 crores, that’s a part of the consolidated sales 
 
Parag Rane: No Richard.  So, in White Teak we have a 49% stake Richard, so from a top 
line perspective it doesn’t really get consolidated, but the profit gets consolidated in our 
overall profits. 
 
Richard Liu: I think that’s a part of the associates… 
 
Parag Rane: Correct, correct.  
 
Richard Liu: Okay, got it.  Thank you very much, I wish you all the best. 
 
Amit Syngle: Thank You. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we now have Ms. Latika Chopra (JP Morgan) who is online with 
us through zoom.  Please unmute yourself and ask your question.  
 
Latika Chopra: Thank you so much for the opportunity my first question was on the B2B 
business you know, this has been growing quite strongly for you.   So, if you could share, 
you know, what is the sales of B2B revenues in your standalone decorative business and 
is there a very big difference in the 4-year CAGR that you shared between B2C and B2B 
that was the first question; and the second question was again just trying to understand 
the strong demand better. Any thoughts on you know it seems your market share gains 
have probably accelerated in the last few Quarters.  How much of this will you attribute 
to distribution expansion you know in semi urban, rural areas? any thoughts there? thank 
you. 
 
Amit Syngle: So, first of all, if you look at the entire B2B business.  Today I think the 
business varies from anywhere between 15-20% of the total business in terms of what we 

 
31 | P a g e 
 
do in terms of the contribution which kind of comes in and today the business is 
something which is very well distributed across the country and it comes from various 
segments, so whether it is the builder or the construction segment which is largely there 
or it comes from the cooperative housing societies or it is from the direct sales to factories 
and government and so on so forth to that extent.  So overall this business has been 
growing overall fairly well for us to that extent and largely I think here the key point has 
been the quality of our products, the prepositions what we are able to offer to the various 
segments and also along with us the entire waterproofing business, we have been able to 
really give a very very strong preposition to the market in terms of looking at the overall 
project sales doing extremely well for us overall.  So that’s I think the key reason in terms 
of why the overall project has been growing at a very strong chip. sorry, what was the 
second question?  
 
Latika Chopra: Yeah sorry, okay my second question was basically on some flavor on the 
distribution reach increase. 
 
Amit Syngle: Yeah, okay.  So what we see is that overall there has been good performance 
due to a virtue of not many reasons one reason what I would say is that overall the brand 
has done quite well.  We have been spending huge amount of money on the marketing 
in terms of for furthering the corporate trend and also looking at in terms of various 
strong prepositions which kind of come in and I think, today we have a decent spend with 
respect to even the digital in terms of what we are doing in terms of getting the new age 
customer in a very strong manner.  As far as distribution goes, we have been expanding 
the network very aggressively for years to that extent and I think we have just looked at 
putting a little bit more aggression on that in the last about 2-3 years to that extent and 
overall we feel that, that is an inherent part of our overall strategy in terms of looking at 
saying that we could kind of reach to every part of the growing country the way India is 
to that extent.  So, I would say that we can’t figure out only one factor that it is just 
because of distribution that today we are doing better, but I think it is a combination of 

 
32 | P a g e 
 
factors in terms of looking at better products, innovative products, good marketing, good 
servicing and the extension of our retailers across the country. 
 
Latika Chopra: Thank you, thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you we now have Mr. Shrenik Bachhawat (LIC Mutual Fund) through 
zoom.  Request you to unmute yourself and ask your question please. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, I would like to 
understand if there is any major change in the product mix in this Quarter versus the last 
2-3 Quarters for us? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, overall, the product mix was much better as we saw it and we had a good 
quantity of overall emulsions which sold better in terms of mix and these emulsions were 
both from the economy segment as well as from the premium and the luxury segment in 
terms of what we were able to do.  We also sold good quality of premium and luxury 
products as far as our overall waterproofing and wood finishes business go. So overall, I 
would say the product mix was much better. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: And sir, is there any specific geography which has been doing very 
good for us recently and if we take for a longer-term perspective for the next 5 to 10 
years, what do we take as a volume CAGR target for our company? 
 
Amit Syngle: So overall, if you look at from a geographical variation when you are growing 
at almost 50-60%, I think all geographies has grown very well for us.  I can only say that 
specifically if I look at the geographies of West and South in Quarter One, they have kind 
of done possible incrementally much better in terms of what we were kind of see overall.  
As far as the overall, you know today any organization would like to pursue, we would 
obviously like to pursue very healthy volume growth going forward because that is a 

 
33 | P a g e 
 
strong indicator of how the organization is going forward and we are definitely looking at 
saying that one of the areas we want to kind of continue to kind of keep on looking at 
double digit volume growth. 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: Thank You so much sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, we now have Mr Tejash Shah (Spark Capital) through zoom.  
Request you to unmute yourself and ask your question please. 
 
Tejash Shah: Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on very good set of numbers.  
Sir couple of questions on first of this extension of an earlier question on dealer additions.  
So, 5000 dealer addition in a Quarter is a very robust number.  Just wanted to get some 
sense on profile of these dealers, are they part of the industry, and we are gaining market 
share against existing brands in the dealership networks or are they virgin dealers getting 
into the industry from some other larger basket of home building or other adjacent 
industries?  
 
Amit Syngle: So overall, you know, when as Asian Paints we look at the entire distribution 
network, we look at all kind of retailers because today we are dealing with the retailers 
who are into hardware, we are dealing who are into electricals. We deal with people who 
are in cement and steel. We deal with the people who are in PVC pipes and so and so 
forth or are in other building material stores to that extent or even our plywood dealers 
and so and so forth because today it is very difficult to define that you know a retailer will 
deal in only one category.  Normally what we are seeing is that retailers tend to kind of 
get into multiple categories, if they are in the whole area of building to that extent and 
therefore what we keep on exploring is that actually opening retailers more from the 
point of view of reach to the consumers.  So, we look at clear clusters which are coming 
up where possibly our reach to be better this could be in the existing cities, it could be in 
the suburbs, it would be in the newer towns be in some of the upcountry low population 

 
34 | P a g e 
 
towns to that extent and I think the overall range is pretty wide in terms of what we look 
at.  The idea is very clear that as Asian Paints we should be able to give him a profitable 
kind of venture which kind of really leverages his whole business and kind of really drives 
us towards growth.  So, I think we look at all type of retailers in terms of a choice of 
extending the distribution. 
 
Tejash Shah: Sir, second question pertains to our ‘share of wall’ to ‘share of space’ vision.  
Now historically lifestyle categories brand, successful brands have not been created 
without either controlling the retail experience which is retail network or controlling the 
back end – which is manufacturing. So as of now, our model seems to be devoid or rather 
not committing capital to either end so as we need to plan for next 5-10 years how are 
we thinking about this this evolution in our business model.  
 
Amit Syngle: Actually, contrary to what you are saying, we are focusing on both the ends.  
We have all the businesses we have gotten to our own manufacturing be it kitchen, be it 
bath, be it, lighting, be it in terms of now windows and doors, or it is in terms of furnishing 
to that extent and therefore it is all coming from in-house in terms of what we are making, 
either it is in terms of acquisition or it is in terms of some alignment which we have done 
kind of a thing so we are able to control quality, we are able to control design and 
therefore that is a very strong strength which we have acquired and at the front-end, I 
think today no other player gives a kind of inspiration and experience as we give to the 
consumers because we operate through about 31 Beautiful Homes stores which are there 
today across the country.  These are state of the art stores and comparable to any 
international store which you will find in Singapore, Paris or London to that extent.  It is 
totally digital which has a digital journey which kind of comes in, visualization is excellent 
it is based on 3D and 4D models which are there, and we also offer an execution service 
which is like a BHS which is there to that extent.  So, I think we are offering the customer 
right from very strong product, which is manufactured in-house, designed by us to an 

 
35 | P a g e 
 
experience which is really exemplary which works out so I think we are working on 
everything in terms of what possibly is right in the category. 
 
Tejash Shah: Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we would now request all participants to introduce ourselves 
with your name and your company name before asking questions. We now have a next 
caller Mr. Alok Shah (Ambit Capital) who is with us via teleconferencing. 
 
Alok Shah: Yeah, thank you and Sir congrats on the good performance. Sir my first 
question is actually an extension to what Tejash had just asked, so my question is you 
know at the current juncture, the hardware stores, the PVC pipes, etc. So, they would 
potentially may not be keeping any paint brands, but in that vicinity, you would already 
have some dealers, etc. who would be servicing the paint or which is absolutely new 
geographies that Asian Paints is stepping through this channel, and second question is 
how is the servicing to this channel of hardware store, etc. happening in terms of the 
different assortments or the different SKU’s that you have. 
 
Amit Syngle: So, I couldn’t understand the second part of your question what is the 
assortment of what they’re having at the hardware stores? 
 
Alok Shah: No, so the second question was in terms of the servicing, because I understand 
they would not be having the tinting machine given the space constraint etc. So how is it 
that the servicing to those stores happening currently? 
 
Amit Syngle: So, I must say that possibly I think you should take a round of some of the 
towns and cities to understand how the stores are first of all, but, I think overall when we 
look at from a point of view of our distribution strategy, we are very clear that we 
approach the whole strategy in form of a cluster.  So if there is already in existing retailer 

 
36 | P a g e 
 
who’s there we will take care in terms of that we are not really opening someone right 
next to kind of compete with the retailer to that extent and therefore what we clearly 
said we look at is we look at extension of suburbs in the existing cities, newer towns which 
are kind of coming up and really look at clear clusters where possibly our customer reach 
might not be very good to that extent and therefore we have no problems in terms of 
looking at possibly a certain reach in terms of what we are able to get.  Secondly these 
stores are not small and in fact if you keep on going deeper into the country, the stores 
get bigger the stores are only small in cities like Bombay and Delhi, where the real estate 
is of a very strong value.  As you kind of keep on going in smaller towns you will find 
people able to offer you even 2000-3000 Square feet of space which is available and 
tinting machine doesn’t occupy much of a space to that extent and therefore we try that 
with most of our openings, we try to give them tinting machine so that they get a flavor 
of tinting and they are able to kind of supply to their customers the best of the colors 
which they can overall open to that extent and therefore that’s a very strong model in 
terms of looking at opening newer retailers with tinting machines to that extent as they 
kind of go forward. 
 
Alok Shah:  Got it, and sir would there be any numeric target that you can guide us with? 
Maybe in terms of overall dealers, or the retail network expansion, because I think it is 
closer to around 1,50,000. Any medium-term target that you can share? 
 
Amit Syngle: So yes, we have about presence of about 1,50,000 retail points which are 
there and we keep on looking at saying that depending on how the country is expanding, 
how the demographics are panning out that we should be able to add anywhere between 
5000-8000 retailing points every year.  
 
Alok Shah: Okay, okay sure and sir the second question is on the overall dealer incentive 
structure, etc. Just wanted to check, you know how it has evolved.  Has there been taken 

 
37 | P a g e 
 
place at the company’s end? At the competition’s end? Over the last 3-4 years or it largely 
remains the same? Your thoughts on that, that’s it. Thank you. 
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry, what has evolved? 
 
Alok Shah: No, the dealer incentive structure, etc.  
 
Amit Syngle: Okay.  Incentives I think our incentives at the end of the day it is the dealers 
are quite proficient and clever in this.  So, I think what really matters to them is the per 
litre kind of a discount.  You can give the discount in 10 ways to the retailer to that extent.  
It doesn’t matter overall, but I think overall the incentive structures have not changed.  At 
points of time in the year it kind of gets aggressive by everyone, sometimes it is a little bit 
more benign in terms of how it goes but overall, I think the incentive structure are 
remaining the same. 
 
Alok Shah: Got it sir, thank you very much and best of luck for the next Quarters. 
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir, we now have Mr. Shirish Pardeshi (Centrum) through zoom.  
Request you to unmute yourself sir.  
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Yeah, hi Good Evening Amit.  Thanks for the opportunity and I was 
completely surprised with the kind of volume growth you have shown Quarter on 
Quarter.  So, my first question is pertaining on the volume growth I’m not getting into 
deeper but if you can help me how this growth has come. I mean I’m not getting into 
region wise specific but if you can, you have already touched upon the premium 
emulsions and even the economy has done well, but if you can break that how much it is 
contributed through the decorative paints side and the waterproofing side? 

 
38 | P a g e 
 
 
Amit Syngle: So overall what we can say is that I think when we look at both retail and 
projects, I think both businesses have contributed very strongly to the overall volume 
growths. I would say that the projects has contributed even still higher in terms of looking 
at the overall business to that extent.  The other thing what we see is that the T1, T2 
centers have kind of contributed to higher volume growth which is coming both from the 
premium and the luxury products and the wood finishes and the waterproofing zones 
which are there to that extent overall.  So I would say that when we kind of look at our 
overall growth, a large chunk of growths are obviously coming from a lot of our you know 
premium and luxury products which are lying in emulsions, wood finishes and 
waterproofing business but at the same time good growths are also coming from our 
economy emulsion, the upgradation emulsions which are there to that extent and they 
have also kind of grown extremely well overall.  So, I would say it’s a fairly balance growth 
in terms of what we would seeing.  Waterproofing would have grown at a slightly higher 
pitch overall to that extent, but I think it’s a fairly overall balance growth in terms of what 
we have been able to see. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: My second question is on the Home Décor.  By when, do you think you 
will start reporting the numbers because what I see in this Quarter you have taken out 
your reporting on Home Improvement also. So, I think that’s a suggestion, but, I am more 
keen on looking at this 31 stores, what kind of revenue you are doing now and maybe you 
actually said that you want to have around 8 to 9% 10% contribution, but in the medium-
term what is the target or if what is that and what is the run rate you can share?  
 
Amit Syngle: I think it makes sense in terms of reporting when you reach a number which 
is strong as I said earlier that we are you know really kind of saying that we want to kind 
of look at the next 3-4 years to kind of look at almost 8-10% contribution of the Decor 
business going forward.  So, I think as you go through this journey we will at the right time 
possibly look at in terms of putting those numbers out.  

 
39 | P a g e 
 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Just lost bookkeeping question on the tax rate Mr. Jeyamurugan if you 
can help us up what should we factor in for this year and next year?  
 
R.J. Jeyamurugan: Maximum tax rate. Today is 25% plus surcharge it should be around 
27%.  
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay.  
 
R.J. Jeyamurugan: It is the same rate, there is no change. 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay thank you.  
 
Amit Syngle: You have some news that the rates are changing? 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: I will come and personally tell you anyway Amit, thanks for the 
opportunity and best of luck and take care.  
 
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir.  We now have Mr. N Sai Chandu.  Please unmute yourself and 
ask your question sir.  
 
N Sai Chandu: Yeah, so congrats on this great performance that you showed this Quarter.  
So, my question was on the price increases.  One is that you are saying that you are 
keeping a close watch on the situation and the situation is volatile and you said a mid-
single digit price increases is for the forthcoming Quarter is what we are pricing in for the 
Quarter ahead? 
 

 
40 | P a g e 
 
Amit Syngle: So, what we have done what I said is that in terms of inflation, we are saying 
that the inflation could be anywhere around 1.5% to 2% in terms of what we are saying 
currently we have taken almost about a 0.5% increase as on first of August and depending 
on our exact calculation and how the environment pans out, we will look at possibly taking 
more increases as we go by. 
 
N Sai Chandu: Okay and one more question sir if you could allow me.  How many painting 
jobs are we doing currently on a monthly basis, let’s say when we are going to each of the 
houses of the customers and getting homes painted.  So how is that segment of our 
vertical doing currently?  
 
Amit Syngle: So, I think that is being quite well.  We are now represented in more than 
600 towns across the country which is there and overall, you know the number of houses 
which we do, vary from a month to month and it varies from size very strongly.  So, the 
numbers do not really mean anything what I think is important is the per square feet 
which we are kind of able to paint every month to that extent and that is something which 
we evaluate internally but that is a business which has been doing quite well overall to 
that extent and we feel that the whole Safe Painting service which we are running is one 
of the best services across the world.  
 
N Sai Chandu: Okay so sir, if you could just tell me the square footage that we are painting 
on a ballpark basis?  
 
Amit Syngle: Sorry that number can’t be disclosed.  
 
N Sai Chandu: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you everyone may I now request Mr. Amit Syngle to deliver the closing 
remarks.  

 
41 | P a g e 
 
 
Amit Syngle: Okay great, you know it is wonderful to have all of you with us for the 
investor conference for the Quarter One of Financial year 2023 and we really hope that 
possibly we keep the same pace in terms of our delivery as we kind of go forward and 
keep on giving you the good news as we march forward in this year.  Thank you so much. 
 
 
### 
