Oia^Sman
30th July, 2022
To
The Manager- Listing,
BSE Limited,
Rotunda Building,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai -400001
Scrip Code: 543276
Dear Sir/Madam,
SybL Transcript of the
The Manager- Listing,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza,
Bandra Kurla Complex ,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai -400051
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN
Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial
Results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2022.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and
outcome letter dated 6th July, 2022 and 26th July, 2022, we are enclosing herewith the
transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Tuesday, the 26th July, 2022 at
03.30 P.M. (1ST) on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended 30th June,
2022.
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the
same on your respective websites.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOIVIATION LIMITED
C9L'
Shainshad Aduvanni
Company Secretary and
End: As above
pliance Officer
Craftsman Automation Limited
Registered Office:
Senthel Towers, 4th Floor
1078, AvanashiRoad
Coimbatore-641018
Tamilnadu, India
tel +914227165000
fax +914227165056
info@craftsmanautomation.com
www.craftsmanautomation.com
CN No
GSi Nn
L28991TZ1986PLC001816
33MBCC2461K1ZW

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
Q1 FY 22-23 Earnings Conference Call 
26th July, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investor Call to Discuss 
the Financial Performance of Craftsman Automation Limited for the Quarter-
ended 30th June 2022. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operate by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director of Craftsman 
Automation Limited. Thank you. And over to you Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. It gives me immense pleasure in welcoming you all 
for the Earnings Call for Q1 FY'23. 
 
We are happy to announce that recently the credit rating of our company got 
upgraded with “A+” (A Plus) with stable outlook; it was improved from A with 
stable outlook. 
 
We would like to also bring the attention of all the shareholders and all the 
people on the call that we have integrated the industrial aluminium business 
with the auto aluminum and now we call this segment as “Aluminum Product 
Segment.” This gives better focus on the aluminum business as a whole. It also 
gives a lot of synergy and operating leverage on the business and the 
marketing and other resources within the company and outside also, I think, 
it's a coordinated effect. I think this will improve the profitability of the division 
going forward. It is already implemented now. 
 
I just want to touch upon the industry situation now. Last year Q1 is strictly not 
comparable with this year Q1 because of the pandemic. So, I will refrain from 
comparing year-on-year Q1 rather than that I will do the Q4 FY22 with Q1 FY23 
comparison in my talk today. 
 
Yes, there are a lot of headwinds across the world; the geopolitical situation, 
the Ukraine situation, the inflation, all that is known to you. But fairly I think we 
had a decent first quarter as a company. 
 
So, I'll just run you through the headlines of the Q1. The auto powertrain 
business in Q1 was Rs.348 crores in comparison of Q4 it was Rs.338 crores, 
a 3% growth. And in the aluminum products, we had Rs.171 crores and the Q4 
was Rs.167 crores, again a 3% growth. On the industrial and engineering front, 
we had Rs.157 crores vis-à-vis Rs.150 crores, a 4% growth. So, as a whole, 
we are at Rs.676 crores comparably on Q4 we were at Rs.654 crores, a 3% 
growth. 
 
The segment wise EBIT on Q1 was Rs.95 crores on the auto powertrain vis-à-
vis Rs.86 crores in Q4 and aluminum products was Rs.20 crores vis-à-vis 
Rs.11 crores. Industrial engineering was Rs.11 crores, of course lower than 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Q4, was Rs.20 crores. So, totally, our EBIT stands at Rs.112 crores vis-à-vis 
Q4 of Rs.105 crores. 
 
So, thank you very much and I will just leave the floor open for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
First of all, can you share the value add numbers for auto powertrain and 
aluminum business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, I can share with you. The value add for the auto powertrain has been 
Rs.223 crores, the aluminum products has been Rs.71 crores and industrial 
and engineering was Rs.58 crores. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Secondly, when I look at the blended RM cost, it has seen a reduction on QoQ 
basis as percentage of sales. So, is that a reflection of stability in commodity 
prices and the cost pass-through coming through and hence, that's the 
reduction or there is something more to that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, it is a combination of many factors: One is the raw material price has been 
steadily coming down… even as we speak, it is coming down. So, it is a 
weighted average which is happening and the pass-through is also more or 
less in line with the current situation which is we don't have too much spice on 
that. And the product mix also we are conscious to make more products with 
more value add as we speak. That is another important point. All three have 
contributed towards the reduction of cost of material. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
That is also reflecting in the margin improvement for powertrain business on 
QoQ basis.  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
There's only very marginal improvement from Q4 to Q1. That is also slightly 
due to the better operating leverage. The top line has also gone up a little. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, the powertrain business seem to have seen almost 200 basis points 
increase on EBIT margins. So, that would be predominantly reflection of the 
drivers, which led to RM cost reduction. Is that correct? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I would say that in a different way that we have a mixture on the auto 
powertrain of commercial vehicles, farm sector, construction machinery, 
industrial engines and also some passenger vehicles and others. So, there is 
some shift you know that the farm sector was still not picking up in Q1 overall. 
So, we had higher value add on certain of the machining products in the 
commercial vehicles segment. So, I think the product mix has slightly changed 
in Q1. That is always a seasonal effect, I would say. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Lastly, we have seen increase on the staff cost side. What we've seen in this 
quarter is a sustainable number or were there any one-offs? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we have been consciously adjusting upwards the cost of the employees 
because you know very well there's an inflation totally. So, you're talking about 
that or -? 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, I'm talking of the staff cost, QoQ increase which has happened. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think bonus adjustment would have been there in the last year and also in the 
Q1. 
 
CB Chandrasekar: 
Bonus provision we have made this time in Q1 itself. Normally, it will be in the 
Q3.  
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, two things are contributing as clarified by Mr. CB Chandrasekar, CFO, 
that we are confident about the profitability. So, we started providing on bonus 
in Q1 itself now. On top of it, we have given some salary increase to the 
employees. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Lastly, can you indicate the net debt as of June '22? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
There has been overall debt increase of Rs.50 crores, but I would say that 
there has been a reduction of Rs.30 crores in the long-term loans and Rs.80 
crores increase in the short-term loans. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chetan Gindodia from AlfAccurate. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Sir, wanted to understand on the margins of our powertrain business. So, 
during Q3, Q4, from what I understand is that due to the fall in tractor volumes, 
we had seen a reduction in our margin also for the segment. Given that now 
this quarter tractor has seen a very sharp rebound at least on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, so the reflection in margin improvement is not there in the 
powertrain segment. So, am I missing something or can you explain about 
this? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Overall, if you look at it, the farm sector in the last two months it has been doing 
well. But it's not in April, there was no rebound. Commercial vehicles wise, 
some of the our customers have not increased sales in Q1 which is normally a 
weak quarter. We also have had to export on the commercial segment in a big 
way totally. So, it is a blended average. I think plant wise capacity utilization, 
each of the plants, not one single plant we're looking at better operating 
leverage, we have seven, eight plants located across the country closer to the 
customer. So, some of the plants have been suboptimal, some of the plants 
have been optimal. So, that was one of the reasons for the change. That will 
constantly fluctuate. Even among the product mix also, there are sub-
segments in the product, we have high value added products and normal value 
added products 
 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Within the storage and engineering segment, can you give what is the breakup 
between storage and engineering? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the Q1, the sales has been Rs.157 crores as a whole. The sub segment 
sales of storage solutions has been Rs.88 crores out of the Rs.157 crores. 
 
Chetan Gindodia: 
And this storage solution would be earning lower margin right now? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we cannot say lower margin. Material content is normally lower. It has got 
a very good ROCE. But the point will be that since it is material-intensive, the 
EBITDA number will be lower, but EBIT numbers I think it's reasonable overall. 
But I think if we look at percentage of EBITDA, yes, it is lower. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
My first question is more on the industry, especially in Europe, there is a power 
crisis that we are all seeing. Have you started to see more enquiries from some 
of the OEMs or customers in Europe to source more casting products from 
India, anything on that front, can India be a beneficiary of some shift in casting 
business from the developed markets to India? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I have to say yes and no. Not from the auto sector. I have a very clear 
explanation for that. There is a lot of support from the OEMs to their tier-1 
suppliers within Europe. They're showing I think really an united front in fighting 
this problem. So, the OEMs are giving compensation for the power or the gas 
or fuel, whatever is the prices which is happening there, so the key tier-1 
suppliers are fully compensated. So, they are not shifting business at all and 
it's not easy to shift business also. Shifting business will be shooting on their 
own foot, because then the tier-1 suppliers in Europe will collapse and shifting 
business takes years to happen. So, I don't see that happening. But whereas 
in other pockets not in the auto sector, the auto OEMs are quite big, large and 
also they are coated with the cash, I would say. But I would say that the normal 
segment of the engineering business and all, there is a thought process to shift 
some of the production to other countries. There is also a de-risking policy for 
the geopolitical situation which everybody is aware. For our Asian neighbor, 
who is also very key supplier to Europe. They are looking at sourcing from India 
as an additional source I would say. That is coming up, that is not for the 
automotive sector as of now. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
I understand that typically takes a long time and it's a strategic decision to 
change your sourcing in terms of geography, but do you think over a period of 
time, it can pick up and we as a company can benefit out of it either by exporting 
directly or some of the tier-1 companies setting up a plant or starting to source 
more from India in that sense, do you think it is something which can play out 
in the next three, four years or do you think that it might not play out but in the 
non-auto segment it will still play out? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It will play out in the auto segment as well as non-auto segment. We are still 
too small in the manufacturing capacity when compared to our Asian neighbor; 
they are I think 12 times more or 10 times more, I will not exactly say that 
number, but even a small shift, I think India's to gear up. So, we will benefit, as 
a country I think we will see a growing trend towards exports, that is very sure. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Nishit Jalan: 
And within the industrial segment, will it be possible for you to give some color 
as to which kind of industrial businesses you are seeing more traction or this 
is in general a more generic phenomena, which is starting to play out? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The other Asian giant was the manufacturing hub for the entire world. But now, 
the policy of the multinational seems to be that the market there is sufficient or 
very big enough to absorb the capacity. So, for rest of the world, they are 
looking at other sources like India to also reduce the geopolitical risk. So, there 
we are seeing a lot of opportunity. 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
A couple of housekeeping questions. One, what was the overall Daimler 
revenues that we saw in this quarter? And based on the order wins and 
company's plans how much can it ramp up further going ahead? And secondly, 
obviously, you're showing a better top line growth. Does that bring any changes 
to the CAPEX assumptions, or the CAPEX guidance that you had given 
previously? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Pardon me, but I don't want to give exact customer wise sales. But for Brazil, 
Daimler, we have got the cylinder head order, we just started last month to 
starting to supply, that we'll be adding to our Daimler business, which is 
currently only in the cylinder block for Brazil. So, that is going to grow. What 
was your second question, please? 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
My second question was on CAPEX. You are growing at a faster pace. Does 
that require any change in your CAPEX guidance? I think last quarter you had 
talked about 220, 230 crores. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We have guided for I think 20% growth on the top line as well as an absolute 
EBITDA number growth. For that Rs.225 crores CAPEX is good enough. If we 
go beyond that and maybe marginally CAPEX may go up, maybe for capacity 
balancing or debottlenecking. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
My first question is related with powertrain business where that this quarter 
tractor volume was very strong, and that's reflected in the top line and the 
margin both. So, going ahead, as inventory is quite high in the tractor segment 
now, so production will be reached. So, how's the outlook ahead for this 
powertrain business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Q2, we don't see big upsurge, but it is going on similar lines for Q1 as far as 
Craftsman is concerned. We are only three weeks into the month. So, we may 
get more traction in the coming months. But as of now, I think Q2 looks on 
similar lines to Q1. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
For the second half of FY'23, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Q4 is normally very strong across all segments. Q3 depends on various 
factors. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Abhishek Jain: 
How is the outlook for the margin side? Most of the time you just pass on all 
cost to the client. So, has the RM price gone down, so most probably you will 
pass on the cost to the clients from the next quarter onwards? So, how will be 
the impact on both the top line and the margin side? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think we are having a very decent fair pass-through on the RM across all the 
segments of the business. I don't see any issue and RM is also stabilizing or 
even coming down now. So, I don't see that being an spoiler for any profitability 
going forward. When you ask about demand, yes, if the demand increases, our 
operating leverage will improve and that may improve our margins. But at this 
level, I think we are at a stable level. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
In the non-auto segment, we have seen a sharp correction in the metal prices, 
sharp correction in the margin, despite the correction in the metal prices 
basically the steel and aluminum both. So, what is the reason of such sharp 
fall in the margin side and how is the outlook ahead? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
If you look at the storage solution, we have grown from Rs.65 crores in Q4 to 
Rs.88 crores whereas the total segment of the business has grown from 
Rs.150 crores to Rs.157 crores because the aluminum portion has been 
removed and added to the aluminum products. On sub-assemblies there has 
been a little drop in the sales, 15% drop. So, this is one of the reasons the 
product mix changing has led to more raw material consumption in the storage 
solution. So, it looks artificially that the margin has come down. The margin is 
stable across the sub-segment of the products, but as a segment, yes, I agree 
that the margin has come down. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Storage solutions business will also benefit from the fall in the prices of steel. 
So, how is the outlook ahead and what kind of the volume and the margin 
guidance for the non-automotive segment? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the industrial and engineering, better operating leverage will improve our 
margins going forward and in storage solutions, the automated solutions is 
increasing in the coming quarters, that will also yield better margins compared 
to the static racking business. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my last question is on the aluminum casting side. So, how is the 
contribution from two wheelers versus the four wheelers in the first quarter and 
how about going ahead for FY'23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Our basic purpose of merging the auto aluminum and industry aluminum also 
because the overlap was becoming larger. We are getting more business from 
the gravity die casting, low pressure die casting from the auto which was 
predominantly more used for the industrial and engineering segment. So, by 
merging the segments, we are having very good operating leverage, shared 
costs and also flexibility to ramp up faster. So, with these two segments now, 
the new businesses, everything coming mainly from the passenger vehicles 
segment. Our dependence on two wheelers is already started coming down, 
but in the next few quarters I think it will be significantly down. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
How was the mix in first quarter, two wheeler versus the four wheeler? 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I don't want to state those numbers exactly. We are in a transition stage. At 
least last month I can tell you that the passenger vehicle segment and the 
commercial vehicle segment that the numbers have increased. Please wait for 
one more quarter things will be more transparent to give the correct number 
because we are in a transition stage now. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
How much impact do you see in revenue from Daimler India in a powertrain 
business for the near term due to the fact with that coming, I mean to say for 
FY'23 and '24? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For us if we take Daimler business as a whole, there are three components to 
the Daimler business or you can even say four components to the Daimler 
business. The biggest component which is around 75% of our turnover is 
coming from Daimler Brazil. There the transition from say Euro-VI or BS-VI 
equivalent to the next level of norms is going to take place at the end of the 
decade only. Still they are at BS-V stage. They have not implemented BS-VI 
at all. So, only next year, they're implementing BS-VI. From BS-V to BS-VI, 
they have taken I think seven, eight years for a transition. So, what is expected 
is 2028 or '29 they will move to the next level possibly, that time they will adopt 
the Cummins engine. So, 80% of our business or 70% of our business is fully 
protected until 2028. Daimler India has got three components I would say what 
we're talking about. Two components; one is the medium duty vehicle or the 
upper fuso range of vehicles, which they have got a good share of the export 
market also. There, the Cummins engine is not planned to be implemented as 
of now. The heavy duty truck, yes, by 2024, 2025. around that range, they will 
introduce the Cummins engine. For the rest of the world where again, they're 
using the Daimler engine for the other emission countries, I think they will 
continue to use the Daimler engine. So, in the Daimler portfolio, we will lose 
around 15% of the Daimler portfolio by 2024. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
15% of the value addition or total value addition? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Value addition of the Daimler portfolio. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
In terms of the revenue, how much it would be? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would not like to speak about customer revenue, but it will be in very low 
single digit as far as powertrain is concerned itself whatever we're going to 
miss, because we are growing on the powertrain as a whole. We will continue 
to grow even after 2024 on the powertrain business, because the new 
businesses are kicking in. Because heavy duty segment of Daimler, the 
numbers are in public domain. So, only that will get affected in 2024. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vishal from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vishal: 
My first question is regarding the new reorganization scheme which you have 
stated. Your industrial and engineering business has seen sharp drop in the 
EBIT margin. So, as you said, there was some mix change also. But on a 
sustainable basis, what kind of margins you're targeting? 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
To your first question, it will be somewhere in between the Q4 margins and the 
Q1 margins is what is sustainable going forward. And when the operating 
leverage improves, I think we can do better than the Q4 margins. Now, what 
you see is that there is a disproportionate increase in the storage solutions 
business as a composition of the industrial and engineering business. That will 
set to change in the coming quarters, because we have got new businesses in 
the machining area, also in the industrial and engineering business, plus the 
automated solutions business is growing now with the new order inflow. So, 
we'll be very close to restoring the I&E margins in similar lines with Q4 by this 
year Q4. 
 
Vishal: 
Last quarter was somewhere around 13.7% and this quarter was around 7.8%. 
So, you are targeting somewhere around 10%, 11% margins going forward on 
a sustainable basis for the year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, by Q4, I think we will be restoring the margins equivalent to the last year 
Q4 with the product mix. 
 
Vishal: 
In terms of auto aluminum business as per the new organization scheme, the 
PV casting business will also fall in this business which I presume is high 
margin business and plus as the demand in the two wheeler industry in this, 
what kind of scope you are expecting for margin improvement for this 
business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Now, I would first answer this very important question holistically, then I will 
drill down to details. We have high pressure die casting, we have low pressure 
die casting, we have gravity casting, we have sand casting. In sand casting, 
we have green sand casting and also chemically bonded two part sand. I will 
start with the high pressure die casting. High pressure die casting with the most 
of the products are of course the automotive parts only, industrial and 
engineering parts we have a few. We have the biggest of course as of today is 
the two wheeler, but followed by now the passenger vehicle segment will kick 
in next year with the Stellantis business, then we're also having the commercial 
vehicle business for the high pressure die casting and we also started to get 
farm sector business on the high pressure due casting. Now, on the low 
pressure die casting, it is both automotive and non-automotive, industrial and 
engineering business also there in the low pressure die casting. Gravity today 
predominantly we are having mostly almost a 50:50 split between industrial 
and engineering and auto. There we are getting more and more business from 
the auto in the gravity die casting for two reasons; one reason is because of 
the move towards EV, these alloys are structural parts and more aligned with 
the industrial and engineering aluminum portion of our business what we see, 
because these are not traditionally high pressure die casting part, alloy cannot 
be high pressure die casting also. So, with this sort of growth happening on the 
gravity die casting, our margins will improve as a whole apart from the 
operating leverage by merging these divisions totally. 
 
Vishal: 
Any ballpark expectation if you can share, that will be great sir? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Of course, there can be small changes quarter-to-quarter. I cannot say 
because of the product mix which is changing. But by this operating leverage 
- 
 
Vishal: 
On a yearly basis, what kind of margin would you like to complete the year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We will be on the similar lines of Q1 for the year, but if the operating leverage 
further improves with more order position, I think it may improve also. 
 
Vishal: 
Just one more small question in terms of data. What would be the capacity 
utilization levels across the businesses? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It has slightly improved. We are closing to 70%., Up to 90% we can go, beyond 
85% I think we need to be very careful because some segments we will run 
out of capacity. It cannot be uniformly across all the plants and across all the 
lines of business, we can be uniformly 85%. So, that means today we are 
comfortable I would say. There's still a lot of headroom and we may end up if 
not in Q2 at least one month in Q3 utilizing capacity up to 80% is what we see 
going forward. So, our performance in Q1 is I would say that is a realistic 
situation today of the company's performance. 
 
Vishal: 
Sir, what is the kind of CAPEX you are expecting for the year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For this year growth we have guided for 20% growth on top line and 20% 
absolute value of the EBITDA number, for that maintenance CAPEX and 
growth CAPEX or new lines of CAPEX, all put together we estimate at Rs.225 
crores. You know that our depreciation is around Rs.205, 208 crores. Out of 
the Rs.225 Crore CAPEX, around Rs.150 crores is actually maintenance 
CAPEX only. So, if we see any opportunity which is going beyond the 20-25% 
growth which we have planned, then we may look at revising marginally the 
number in Q4 which I don't foresee as of today. 
 
Vishal: 
Any plans of debt reduction because with this increase in the debt for this 
quarter that our overall debt will be closely touching to Rs.800-odd crores? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Overall debt is Rs.760 crores. Overall our debt has increased by Rs.50 crores, 
yes, but Rs.80 crores debt has increased in short term for working capital. Long 
term debt has already reduced by Rs.30 crores. There are two reasons for the 
short-term debt. We are holding more inventory days, but our turnover has also 
increased, plus the raw material prices was high and now it is coming down. 
With all these things, we expect to reduce debt from this particular point of 
around Rs.100 crores in Q4. 
 
Vishal: 
So, total debt you are expecting around Rs.100 crores reduction from these 
levels? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. To put the record straight… I will not talk about debt-equity, but I'll talk 
debt-to-EBITDA. The Q1 number if you are extrapolating for the full year, debt-
to-EBITDA is 1.17:1 which is an improvement from 1.33 for the last year totally. 
So, I think that is a good matrix. And another good matrix for the performance 
whether the debt is yielding result or not, we have reduced the creditor number 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
of days and we have taken cash discounts. That is also reflecting in the ROCE. 
The ROCE is showing annualized basis of 26% pre-tax vis-à-vis 20% for the 
full year last year. So, I think the number of days of inventory has slightly 
increased only, but I think the turnover by itself has increased totally. The 
second point is of course the raw material cost portion. A substantial reduction 
of Rs.70-odd crores I think so in creditors. Because our credit rating has 
improved, our borrowing percentage cost is much lower now compared to 
some of our suppliers. So, we are getting some discounts which is adding to 
our margins. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of TS Vijay Sarathy from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
 
TS Vijay Sarathy: 
Just wanted to understand sir, you said gravity die casting is more preferred. 
So, do you expect that proportion of business to be higher than that of HPDC, 
LPDC, number one? Does it mean that profitability is higher because there is 
lesser tooling cost and how should one look at this? I'm given to understand 
even the CAPEX is also very less when you do more gravity die casting than 
LPDC? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On your last question, there is CAPEX on gravity also but is substantially lesser 
than high pressure die casting, yes. The value addition of gravity when 
compared to the high pressure die casting which is an automated process is 
much higher on gravity. The complexity some of the parts on the alloy 
chemistry is much higher, yes, and we are used to using sand cores on our 
industry engineering business which is helping us in the new scheme of things 
in the auto powertrain because auto powertrain business has changed 
dramatically now. Aluminum products means it is high pressure die casting 
normally. But now the trend is changing. Also, gravity is growing at much faster 
rate than high pressure die casting the way it is. 
 
TS Vijay Sarathy: 
So, tooling cost, all of that will come down, am I right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Tooling cost is part of customer cost, it's not part of our cost. 
 
TS Vijay Sarathy: 
You said that some of the aluminum business in the industrial side has moved 
to aluminum. I'm sorry I missed that point. Are those high margin products and 
that's the reason we see sequential margin expansion in aluminum, is that the 
understanding right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Partially there is some high margin, but I think we have more increased our 
margin because of the operating leverage by merging these two divisions. 
 
TS Vijay Sarathy: 
Could you tell me what proportion of aluminum which got transferred to that 
segment sir, what is that number? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think the percentage is quite small…I don't have the numbers readily here. 
We'll take it up later. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Nitin Arora: 
Just one clarification on this Daimler engine which will be done by Cummins 
going forward. You said the impact for us is about high single digit. First 
question is you're talking about high single digit when the engine gets phased 
out completely by FY'28 because my understanding was though you don't 
share the client revenue but it's quite high percentage, so for '24 is that the 
number quite higher and that number which you are saying is high single digit 
is more towards ending the program? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
In FY'24, I think it will be single digit only for us the impact overall. So, yes, it 
will be double digit by '28. But I think it will not be high double digit, but it will 
be double digit, that's clear, it will be not in the teens also, because our overall 
pie is growing faster now on the auto powertrain. 
 
Nitin Arora: 
Because what Daimler is saying globally on their mission is to start rolling out 
the program itself from FY'26, I was wondering why FY'28 came, so. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
FY'28 is when Brazil is likely to move to Cummins engine. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, next question is from the line of Jay Shah from Jay Shah PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Jay Shah: 
Can you throw some light on how the storage solutions and equipments 
business is picking up and in terms of are the incumbents also going for the 
automation or is this the new warehouses/logistics setups that are coming up, 
are they going further automated is the reason that you offer? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The warehouses are still going by the conventional method, not automated as 
of now, but the manufacturing fraternity is going for automated solutions. Both 
are our customers. 
 
Jay Shah: 
There is a shift right now from the incumbent in the logistics to the automation. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Today, our order book is quite healthy. On automated solutions, we are fully 
booked for next six months the way it is. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shyam Garg from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Shyam Garg: 
My first question is are we in machine casting and if we are, then what basically 
is machine casting, can you give throw lights on that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
This is a little difficult for me to explain very quickly, but the casting is a process 
where molten metal is poured into a mold and that is near net shape profile is 
brought over, then after that it has to be finished in machining and further 
process like including honing a cylinder block. I would in generic terms put it 
across the casting is like, say cloth, we are doing the tailoring to finish it, if we 
put in very simple terms. So, the we do value addition and finish the product 
by machining. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Shyam Garg: 
When we say that we customize casting with respect to the particular needs of 
the customer, that we can do machine casting according to the shape and 
size? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Foundries-made castings in the auto powertrain business, we do not have any 
foundry at Craftsman. So, we are doing only the higher value added stream 
which is we're doing. In the aluminum business, we're doing the entire process 
of dye making, casting making and also the machining. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just wanted to reconfirm, you mentioned about Rs.100 crores debt 
reduction in FY'23? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, from the current levels 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Regarding your 20% growth in top line and absolute EBITDA, isn't that little 
conservative given the low base of first quarter last year? So, automatically, 
the growth in this year is quite exorbitant, right. So, on an annual basis 20% 
growth looks a little conservative. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I agree, it is conservative. Hopefully, we will do much, much better. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
What's the vision for us for next two to three years in terms of maybe our growth 
CAGR or anything on those lines? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Growth CAGR for the next three, four years, we'll have 20%. From year-to-
year, it may change a little, yes, agreed, But we are very confident about a 20% 
CAGR. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Ideally, because you're speaking about operating leverage advantage. So, 
ideally, your bottom line should grow faster than your top line, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, all of it will grow on similar lines. We are also seeing some inflation, right. 
So, some of the operating leverage portion, we may lose out a little of it to the 
inflation. So, in spite of that, I think, you are right, when the growth is faster, 
the bottom line may grow faster, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: My question is more business related. So, if we think about seasonality from 
Q1, Q2, Q3 and then Q4 and then back to Q1 of next year, in normalized 
situation, right, in terms of macro factors remaining normal, what kind of a trend 
can we see seasonally? And given the seasonality and the new orders that 
would kick in over the next two to three quarters, What kind of QoQ growth on 
the top line can we expect across the divisions till Q4 essentially? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The past is any indicator of what it is, is a 40% split between H1 and 60% to 
H2, that is normal. But we have seen slight changes are happening. But surely, 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Q4 will be the strongest, that is we're very confident about that. So, Q3 normally 
there is a correction if the market is having some headwinds. So, we saw that 
last time when we had a good run in Q2, we anticipated that there may be a 
drop in Q3, it happened like that. But this year, the Q2 is not going on a runaway 
sort of system. So, it is accelerating, but it is accelerating moderately. So, we 
are confident that Q3 also will be quite steady. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: Just to confirm then you had mentioned a 3% QoQ growth from Q4 last year 
and you have said that Q4 is the strongest usually. So, despite the seasonal 
impact, it's a 3% growth QoQ. Because if we look at the historical last two 
years, most of the Q1s are actually impacted. So, it's difficult to understand the 
usual Q4 to Q1 performance. So, is this a normalized number or have you 
performed over and above the seasonal impact? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would first make a disclaimer; first, how our customers perform, and what 
products we supply to the customer, and those products are doing well in the 
market, I think we will be growing faster. You know on the passenger vehicle 
segment, we have negligible exposure on the auto powertrain, hardly a 10%, 
our auto powertrain business itself is passenger vehicles totally and passenger 
vehicles we are doing for two customers mainly; one is a major customer and 
you know the product launches which has happened in the recent past. So, 
that was not there in that significant portion earlier and we are seeing 
continuous product launches happening. So, that segment is growing for us. 
So, when you ask about Q4 of this financial year, definitely it will be better than 
this Q1 what we have closed. And if I may say so this Q2 also is looking in a 
similar line like Q1, it's a very good sign. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: More from a tracking perspective, we know that in your powertrain segment, 
roughly half is from MHCV and over there Tata Cummins and Daimler are the 
main clients. So, again, I'm not looking for exact data points, but the sense we 
have is that you have major wallet share with Tata Cummins, who in turn have 
a major share with Tata Motors. Would that be a fair statement? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I'll answer it holistically. You mentioned two customers names. Yes, Tata 
Cummins also supplies their products outside India which we are supplying 
machining for them. The second point is Daimler is both domestic as well as 
export, that I already have clarified earlier. We are also tier-2 supplier to two 
customers in India who are exporting to North America and to Europe on the 
commercial vehicles business. So, that way we are well diversified on the 
commercial vehicles business itself. So, we are growing on the tier-2 exports 
on the commercial vehicles business also. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: Largely on the farm sector which contributes roughly 20% again and Escorts 
and John Deere are some of your clients there. Again, not looking for exact 
numbers, but would Escorts be a material portion of that revenue, roughly 
50:50 or is it different? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We supply to almost all the tractor manufacturers except ITL. So, it is fairly 
distributed I would say. We don't have too much customer concentration in any 
single customer including the market data. So, it is fairly spread. I will name 
the customers because it's already mentioned at DRHP. Top three or top four 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
customers are very close to each other, I would say, totally. We have of course 
Mahindra, we have the Tafe and Simpson group, Simpson is the engine 
manufacturer, then we have John Deere, we have CNH. All of that we are 
substantial. The smaller customers are of course for us are Escorts and now 
we have started supplying to Indian arm of Japanese heavy engine 
manufacturer, who is supplying also to the other tractor manufacturers, but I 
think except ITL, we are supplying to everybody.  
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: Lastly, a data-related question. You gave the value added numbers for Q1 this 
time. The numbers you gave for the auto aluminum segment, I understand that 
would be including the industrial aluminum portion also, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: So, could you please give the comparable number value added for aluminum 
products and I&E based on the new classification for the Q4 as well? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For Q4 FY'22, the aluminum products in the new classification value add was 
Rs.57.5 crores and for Q1 FY'23 it was Rs.71 crores. 
 
Pranay R Chatterjee: What would it be for the I&E segment? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the I&E segment, the value add for Q4 was Rs.63 crores and for Q1 now 
it has been Rs.58 crores. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Why the numbers got restated in segmental and what goes in and goes out 
between aluminum and industrial? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are doing aluminum castings for the industrial sector for electrical 
switchgear and other gearboxes, medical equipments, everything we are doing 
in the industrial aluminum. The new scheme of things especially in the EV 
sector most of the parts fit into the industrial aluminum segment of our 
business, the new parts coming in. So, we thought then classifying that and 
mixing this is a problem. Anyway, both the divisions have started to work 
together. So, we just merged the divisions. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, part of the aluminum casting which are sitting in industrial and engineering 
moved to aluminum products, that's how it is right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, that is a smaller portion, it has moved to. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Now industrial and engineering will only consist of engineering and storage 
solutions products? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
There is no auto? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
There will be no auto or aluminum products. Non-auto, non-aluminum will be 
in our industrial and engineering business.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Aluminum products will be all auto and aluminum? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
These aluminum predominantly it was auto aluminum and industrial and 
engineering aluminum, but we are also getting other commodity aluminums 
(which are also critical, I would say) in consumer durables, everything, 
enquiries are coming. So, there's no point in trying to say this industrial 
aluminum, auto aluminum, the facilities are same. So, we are also processing 
that. Still it's not coming to our kitty, but it's going to come. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
The second division for us if you could just give some idea how much would 
be passenger cars for aluminum what would be business coming from 
passenger cars and two wheelers and other area? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would just give an approximate number for this financial year when we close 
this year. The two wheeler segment will be around 50% Next year two wheeler 
segment will be only 30% 40% is what we see. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And the other is passenger cars, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Balance will be mostly passenger cars… of course industrial aluminum is 
already there and we'll be adding some even white goods durables there. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, then white goods also be part of aluminum products? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
In aluminum, we'll be adding it there only. So, far we are not doing it, but we 
are seeing potential there. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
As of now, it's not there. As of now, it is two wheeler and passenger car? 
 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Just to clarify, today, we don't have anything in the white goods area, but we 
are seeing possibilities in the future which will come up in the aluminum 
products. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
I just wanted to know what are the margin levers that we have going forward? 
And second question is on the EV segment. As we are seeing more transition 
from the ICE to EV, so, what kind of benefit we are seeing in the Europe region 
and overall what are the benefits for the company? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
First, I will talk about auto powertrain. Our exposure to passenger vehicle 
segment is negligible in the auto powertrain; it is hardly 10% of our auto 
powertrain as a segment, and as a company it's only 5% totally. So, there we 
are having very strong product launches from our key customer and we see a 
lot of traction in the auto powertrain, in the passenger vehicle segment which 
is of course not EV, it is the IC engine. We feel that the business will go on for 
five, seven years in that segment. But I again wish to repeat, 10% of our auto 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
powertrain and 5% of our Craftsman Automation as a company is exposed to 
passenger vehicle segment totally. So, with EV coming into the picture, there 
are structural parts, there are battery related parts which we are getting 
enquiries both from the four wheeler segment and as well as the two wheeler 
segment. We are working on that. 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir on the margin lever side what we have going forward, if you can throw some 
light? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The operating leverage with better capacity utilization, still as mentioned, we 
are around 70%, and hopefully capacity utilization in this Q2 or Q3, we will see 
some good traction going forward. And when that happens, our margins will 
improve surely. The last point is the new products, which our customers are 
launching, where we are one of the key suppliers there. I think that also will 
add to the margins, because there are new products and new pricing. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jeetendra Khatri from Tata Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Jeetendra Khatri: 
Sir, have you seen Rhino 5536? It's an electric truck from IPLTECH. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think it is from the Delhi region, right. 
 
Jeetendra Khatri: 
My question is, do you see this as an opportunity or a threat? I mean, I don't 
know. We'll see aluminum intensity in electric goes up. It might be a big 
opportunity. Not particularly this product, but this product is just an example of 
a heavy duty electric. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, we see that there is a small segment of the market where there are shuttle 
runs around 200, 250 kilometer radius, where there are milk run slides 
happening on the heavy duty commercial vehicle itself, which will move to EV 
which is a very small segment of the market. But I will come from the three 
wheeler, three wheeler is most likely to move to EV, most of it, that is very sure. 
And sub-1 ton vehicle also will move to EV, most of it again. The above 1-ton 
is a trade-off between CNG and EV, because I think today, CNG will be winning 
for the next few years. I do not know after that. Coming to the next higher 
segment, I think still it will be predominantly IC engine. Now, the whole world 
is working on hydrogen also. And hydrogen is very difficult to transport. But 
there's a lot of work going on in international market with mixing up with 
ammonia and they call it green ammonia. But there is a lot of work to be done 
like terminals have to be built, barges, tankers have to be built to handle this 
green ammonia. Once that happens, we will also see that hydrogen also will 
be coming into the commercial vehicle segment, but yes, it is going to happen. 
 
Jeetendra Khatri: 
The segments which are electrifying, so, do you see opportunity of aluminum 
out there for you guys? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Aluminum content on even electrical buses or electrical trucks if it happens is 
very less. And that by itself is a smaller segment. Today, we see CNG as the 
way going forward on this matter because of the battery weight, battery cost. 
Let us look at the hierarchy. I'll just give one example. What the mobile phone 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
manufacturers, whether it is iPhone or anybody else, what they can pay for a 
chip and what passenger car manufacturer can pay for a chip, what they can 
pay for a battery what can they pay for a truck, I think the mobile phone 
manufacturer can pay more for a battery because the product is sold at a 
premium cost, whereas a truck cannot pay so much for premium, these are all 
rarer, so there can be price pressures when coming for larger battery subjects. 
I think we have to wait for a solid state batteries, then only we could be able to 
take a decision how much penetration will be there in the commercial vehicle 
segment. 
 
Jeetendra Khatri: 
Lastly, sir in the industrial business, so I see it as a whole, non-automotive 
powertrain, so it will have aluminum casting plus your industrial and 
engineering. So, what is the long term growth that you see there? I know it's a 
deep cycle business, but the growth rate will not be comparable to automotive 
powertrain, but what is one long term growth you keep in mind and which sector 
will have a largest exposure there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
In the industrial and engineering sector, after we removed the aluminum 
portion and merge it with the aluminum products as a whole, we will still see a 
CAGR of 20% going forward across all, including the critical sub-assemblies 
what we are doing or critical components machining we are doing in the 
industrial and engineering segment along with our storage solutions, mainly 
the automated storage solutions products. So, we are seeing traction all over. 
 
Jeetendra Khatri: 
So, this is because you're providing import substitution to your clients? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, even one of our clients has put something in LinkedIn where we are doing 
for green power. We are going to machine sub-gearbox housing for them for 
wind turbines. So, yes, the customers themselves have disclosed. We just 
received the token orders I would say, but we've got some agreements there 
in place, we will be developing those parts for them. So, we see that as GDP 
grows, we will grow there. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Can you share the value adds for 1Q FY'22 including the revised classification? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Can you rephrase the question please or repeat the question if you don't mind? 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
The value add for one 1Q FY'22. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For which division? 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
All the three. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Auto powertrain Rs.157 crores, aluminum products Rs.42 crores and industrial 
and engineering Rs.39 crores. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of question-and-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan 
Ravi for closing comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you very much all of you to join this meeting today and thank you for 
asking very interesting questions which will also help the company to think on 
the way forward. At the same time, I would like to reiterate that our order 
position is quite strong and we are looking at a strong performance in this year. 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
 
