  
August 01, 2022  
  
1.  Department of Corporate Services,    
             
2.  Department of Corporate Services,  
     BSE Limited,  
  
  
  
  
       
     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
     Floor 25, P J Towers,  
  
  
  
    
     Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
     Dalal Street,  
  
  
  
  
    
     Bandra (East),  
     Mumbai - 400 001  
  
  
    
   
     Mumbai – 400 051   
 
     Scrip Code: 532478  
  
  
  
    
     Scrip Code: UBL  
  
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Written Transcript of Financial Results Earning Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule-III and Regulation 46(2)(o) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attach 
herewith copy of Written transcript of Quarter1 FY23 Financial Results Earning call, which was held 
on Friday, July 28, 2022 at 02:00 p.m. IST, by way of conference call with Investors and analysts, hosted 
by Investec India.   
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, we remain, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UNITED BREWERIES LIMITED  
   
  
  
  
  
GOVIND IYENGAR  
Senior Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above  
  

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“United Breweries Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
                     
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BEREND ODINK - CFO, UNITED BREWERIES 
LIMITED 
                                             MR. P.A. POONACHA - HEAD FINANCE AND 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, 
UNITED 
BREWERIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR:          MR. HARIT KAPOOR - INVESTEC CAPITAL   
                                             SERVICES (INDIA) PRIVATE IMITED 
 

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call of 
United Breweries Limited hosted by Investec Capital Services. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harit Kapoor from Investec Capital Services. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Kapoor.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. Thank you, Margret. On behalf of Investec Capital Services would like to welcome all the 
participants as well as the senior management of United Breweries for the Q1 call of UBL. We 
have with us from the senior management Mr. Berend Odink CFO, and PA Poonacha, Head 
Finance, and Investor Relations.  
I’d will now hand over the call to Berend for his opening remarks post    which we will take 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you Berend!  
Berend Odink: 
Thank you Harit and good afternoon everybody on the call. Thank you for joining and today 
we will discuss the results of the first quarter, and it had it set. I'm you have got to listen to 
Mr. Poonacha. After the opening comments, we will be very happy to take any questions.  
So we'll start with the results highlights for the quarter. So the company posted volume 
growth of 121% in the quarter versus prior year where the prior year was impacted by the 
Delta variant of COVID, driven by recovery of demand prevalent across all markets. The 
company posted 42% sequential quarterly volume growth, the quarter manager record sales 
volume, which also represent a full recovery and 8% ahead of 2019 pre-COVID levels of 
volume.  
The premium segment recorded growth ahead of the total portfolio. Price increases taken in 
key states with further options are being pursued for further increases.  Gross margin was 
impacted by the commodity price and inflations, a combination of cost and efficiency 
measures and fixed cost leverage resulted in an EBIT margin of 8.9%, up 480 basis points 
versus prior year quarter. And the record volumes were achieved despite a number of supply 
chain restrictions seen in the peak season. Moving to the next space. There's a summary table 
for the quarter results with net sales up 118% to INR 2,437 core and EBIT up by 370% to 
INR 218 crore at a margin of 8.9%.  
Turning to the regional volume growth we have seen following the record March 
performance, a good combination of the demands with strong recovery across all markets 
with volume growth of 121% versus the prior year COVID impacted quarter. North posted 
87% growth, particularly in Rajasthan, Harayana, Delhi and UP. West posted 167% growth 
with higher volumes in Maharashtra, Goa, Madhya Pradesh and Silvasa. In east the company 
reported 88% growth mainly in the states of Orissa, West Bengal, Assam, and Arunachal. In 
south, there was 162% growth with the key states being Telangana, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, 
Kerala, and Andhra Pradesh.  
Turning to the net sales, these were up 118% in the quarter. And as early set driven by 121% 
in terms of volume, pricing was up 9%, increases have been realized in multiple states, 
including Harayana, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Rajasthan, 
Telangana, and UP. And the company continues to pursue options of further price increases 
wherever possible.  
The negative mix variants resulted in a minus 12% due to state mix with different volume 
growth observed across states with different levels of net revenues.  
Moving to the next page and EBIT breakdown. The gross profit growth was driven by 
volume growth and price increases. Gross profit margin as we earlier state, it was impacted 
by the commodity price increases in roll and packaging materials.  The improved margin was 
driven by fixed cost leverage and various savings initiatives and the negative cross margin 

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
impact was more than offset by the other cost items that show margin improvement, resulting 
as a 8.9% EBIT margin.  
Finally, on the outlook and summary, following the record volumes and recovery beyond 
2019 demand levels, the focus remains on building further category penetration while driving 
the share of premium in the portfolio. CapEx investments during quarter were INR 44 crore 
with the volume growth during the quarter resulting in an ongoing review of capacity plans to 
meet future demands. And although commodity prices remain elevated, there are some 
indications that stock prices are softening. The company has focused on security of supply 
given the big season and volatile commodity markets. You were aware in the process of 
pursuing the further price increases in combination with continued cost measures to mitigate 
the impact. And in light of the strong demand witnessed in the peak season, both the earlier 
COVID impacted periods, UBL remains optimistic about the long-term growth drivers of the 
industry on the basis of GDP growth, urbanization, and evolving consumer trends. And UBL 
is well positioned to leverage and drive these opportunities.  
With that I'd like to conclude the opening remarks and let us please move to the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.   
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thanks and congrats on very good volume growth. So, my first question is on your 
essentially slide number eight, where you're given the minus 12% mixed variant. You have 
mentioned differential volume growth across state. Now, when I see the previous slide, the 
Western south India has grown much faster. Now, Western south India is normally seen as 
the more premium market. So, is the pricing here lower? Could you explain why minus 12 is 
happening?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. Thank you for the question. So, it's really about different growth rate state by state plus 
also the element factoring into this quarter, of course, that we compare to prior year, COVID 
impacted quarter which was of course in that sense, not a typical quarter. Furthermore, we 
also have observed let's say supply restrictions that meant sometimes less than optimal 
sourcing, meaning that where demand was high, some of the states implemented export 
restrictions, so that meant different supply routes than we would normally use. But to your 
point, indeed, there are states with higher and lower revenue per case. So, for example, 
Telangana has a relatively lower realization for case, but outperformed in terms of growth. 
And that's an example of the negative mix that we have incurred.   
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. Given YoY comparison is extremely difficult to draw any conclusions? My 
question is on the 8% higher volume versus pre-COVID. So here, if you could tell us which 
states or which regions have grown faster versus pre-COVID the 8% number, which you 
mentioned which one has been laggard and which has been the outcome?   
Berend Odink:  
Sure. So, we have seen across the board particularly if you compare to 2019 strong world in 
states, like UP, Harayana, West Bengal, Orissa, and as earlier mentioned, Telangana, coupled 
with sometimes share increases, states that are marginally lower is for example Maharashtra, 
Kerala, and of course, Andhra Pradesh where we know that in early 2019, there was a 
different excise policy than today is in place.   
Abneesh Roy: 
And one follow up here, sir. So, Maharashtra and Kerala the under performance is it because 
of the general GDP issue there, or the regulations are a bit more favorable in UP, Bengal, 
Orissa what is the reason for the trend which you mentioned?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I think there are various reasons in Maharashtra, for example we know that the 
differential excise policies versus other alcohol industries are a little bit less favorable. Also, 
here, we went first with price increase in the state during the quarter. So, there could be 
sometimes elements of pricing that affected particularly if you compare across three years. 
But I think overall, if you look at totality across all the states, we see a very consistent 
recovery and even Yes, demand levels during the quarter above 2019.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Abneesh Roy: 
And last question, so obviously harsh summer would've benefited you. So, this 8% growth 
versus COVID, or say quarter on quarter growth of 41%, etcetera, any sense you can give us, 
is there a market share gain within beer? Is there a market share gain from beer industry from 
spirit because United Spirits had a much lower number, so any insights you can give us on 
that?   
Berend Odink:  
So, I think of course we have now witnessed let's say a impacted um, big season for us. I 
think we're positive about the demands recovery that we have seen given also of course, a 
limited visibility during two years impacted in the peak season by COVID. So, it's good to 
note that consumers are back and above 2019 levels. I think, think some of the weather 
patterns of course also helped in some of the states. So, I think, Yes, it has been a good, good 
quarter for beer instruments.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nillai Shah from Moon Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
Nillai Shah: 
Thank you. Hi, Berend, the first question is on what you've mentioned in terms of the 
Heineken review in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. So, some questions around that, first of 
all, why is Haineken in kind of taking the initiative to take the review? Shouldn't it be the 
management? Should we read something into this?   
Berend Odink:  
No, I don't think, that it's very customer in-depth upon, you know, stating majority control 
that Heineken and UBA have started together a integration review. So, I would say that the 
very logical step.   
Nillai Shah: 
Okay. And does this review also cover the purview of perceived corporate governance risks 
of operating in certain markets? Or is this just a pure financial and portfolio review?   
Berend Odink:  
No, it's a pretty broad review. And again, it's very customary. As I said, after the obtaining 
majority control in the company, it's across all kind of, functions, portfolio, processes, etc. So 
that's I would say fairly standard.   
Nillai Shah: 
And could you throw some light on what exactly, Heineken is trying to achieve out here, 
because United Spirits had a similar sort of shift. And when that happened, we saw that there 
was a major dip in volumes in the state of Tamil Nadu when they basically were changing 
what is, I think, effectively the same distributor that you guys also have. So, should we 
expect you know, a major dip in the volumes, at least in the near term as you may go alone or 
solo in that market without an agency partner?   
Berend Odink:  
No, I think as with any change in operating model, one cannot predict exactly the impact of 
such a change. So, and operations will be monitored closely, but as we stated, there has not 
been an impact on the sales of the quarter June ended. So, I think that's also clear.   
Nillai Shah: 
And over the course of the next two, three quarter, should we expect some disruption?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, what have we said, we will closely monitor that, but we cannot predict exactly, how that 
future will look like, of course.   
Nillai Shah: 
Okay. Could you tell us how much of your total volumes comes from Tamil Nadu and 
Andhra?   
Berend Odink:  
So, combine those two states are around 10% of our volume.   
Nillai Shah: 
10% of volumes. Okay, great. The second bit is on pricing. You mentioned 9% pricing, how 
is this calculated? Is this just simply the net revenues minus your volume growth? You know, 
the net revenue growth less the volume growth. Would you say that is this on net sales 
pricing or has the consumer price on an average across the country gone up by 9% when they 
buy the UBL brands?   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Berend Odink:  
No, it's slightly different. So, it's been calculated as the price realization for us as a 
manufacturer that would not necessarily correspond exactly to consumer prices because there 
could be differences in the value chain with excise of course, being your key component. So 
hence we also separated the volume impact, and the mix varies from that. But just to give 
some context is 9% is really what has been let's say realized year over year for the quarter. In 
the quarter itself we've increased prices in the states that where we increased those states 
represent around two-third of our volume, so just to give you perspective of the impact of 
pricing.   
Nillai Shah: 
Could you just kind of give us some view on how much has been the price increase in, let's 
say states like Karnataka or Maharashtra where it's been relatively free pricing for the 
company?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. So, if you look at the consumer price levels for example, then you talk about ranges, I 
would say between 3% to 7%. So, it's relatively, I would say benign given the overall context 
of inflation. And of course, that reflects a balanced approach looking at the competitive 
situation of the beer category, but also the total alcohol category. Also, the possibilities to 
increase prices, yes or no. So that's the elements that go into the mix when we look at the 
options for price.   
Nillai Shah: 
Sure. And finally, on you know, barley prices, it's been trading in a very, very tight range 
since the big uptick which we saw in March. Have you guys been tracking what the global 
barley sourcing or the view on global pricing is, let's say for, you know, out six months or 
something of that. Just to get a sense of how this commodity is likely to behave into the next 
season in India?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, we continuously monitor not only domestic prices, but of course also international 
barley prices. So, we continue to review our buying strategy, the quantities sourcing, et 
cetera. The domestic buying season has been pretty much completed, of course there can be 
quantities brought to the market and be traded in the month to come, but for the majority it's 
typically completed. So, as you said, the prices that have been quite up. So last time we spoke 
about close to 70% and we will have to see next year, of course the new pricing for the new 
crop. And that we continue to monitor also respectively of course, what's happening in 
international barley prices in terms of not only the pricing level, but also the quantities.  
Nillai Shah: 
But no sense at this stage on, say for example, the source you know, the sowing of the crop in 
Ukraine and how that is going along, because there's really a lack of visibility on that front.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, you're right. The international situation remains of course, very dynamic. There are of 
course some developments of potential exports out of Ukraine, but Yes, I think we will see 
week by week that remains I would say relatively uncertain, hence, Yes, even further, more 
important to follow the international contract, the international availability. So that one has 
always has the various options on the constant monitoring. But as you say, Yes, the overall 
market, particularly with the situation on the macroeconomic level remains quite answered.   
Nillai Shah: 
Sure. Sorry, just one last question on volumes while the recovery has been from pre-COVID 
levels now, and I think even Budweiser reported a similar number, the question really is that, 
you know, a 2.5% percent volume CAGR versus pre-COVID is not really great. Would you 
expect an acceleration in volume growth over the course of the next few quarters or do you 
think the macro environment restricts that particular acceleration at this point in time?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I think if you compare to 2019, well we’ve reported 8%. I think we would exclude the 
state of Andhra that went into a complete different excise policy, in the meantime, then you 
talk about the 14% volume growth. Again, I don't think you can year over year expect the 
same trend given the disturbance that happened due to COVID, but as I said we are I think 
optimistic about the start of this year, we have a good peak season and we of course calibrate 
our plans, our capacity plans in particular as to the next year peak season. And, Yes, 
hopefully we can continue on a good momentum.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead.   
Latika Chopra: 
Yes. Hi, Berend. My questions were around the cost and margins. We talked about barley 
already. I wanted to check you know, what are the -- incrementally getting on plus and 
aluminum prices and how should we think about gross margins? Did Q1 basically account for 
the peak inflation being reflected or do you sense there's going to be further higher inflation 
that you anticipate in Q2 and with incremental pricing that you are hoping for, where do you 
see you know, gross margins will likely balanced out versus what you've reported in Q1?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, Latika let me start with the gross margin let's say, in general. So, we would expect that 
compared to this quarter that we going forward, we see some improvements in gross margin. 
So, we've always said it will take a bit of time, given the nature of the industry where pricing 
is of course quite restricted so that we'll take a couple of quarters, but on the one hand the 
higher barley and some of the higher glass that is now coming into the full quarter it’s 
relevant on the other hand, at the same time, the pricing realizations and increases during this 
last quarter, loss of course that count for full quarter. So, net-net, we would expect some 
improvement versus for the gross margin reported in this quarter. On glass it remains quite 
inflationary driven by the underlying input cost of soda ash and energy. The collections on 
glass have actually been very good on a normative level for the peak season. Aluminum, I 
think that's, one area where stock markets have been trading down recently now, we look at 
the risk management approach to hedging that element for future periods. So that it's 
something we look to tap into those opportunities as well. So, all in all, Yes, what we said, 
high commodity price environment also seems quite volatile but hopefully step by step, you 
know, we're passing through the to the low point, so to say.   
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. And if I look at the other costs, you know, employee costs moved up sequentially 
wanted to understand what's the kind of run rate one should anticipate given you saw some 
restructuring, right? So, you saw one thought that there's gonna be some benefits of that 
flowing in. So, what should be the quarterly run rate once you anticipate on employee costs? 
And also, if you could flag anything very substantial sitting in other expenses, which also, 
you know, moved up significantly you know, on a sequential basis and what are the 
sustainable levels there as well? Thank you.   
Berend Odink:  
Yep. So, for every expense you mainly have to factor in that during this peak season, we hire 
more contractual labor to cater the higher volumes one would compare to a prior quarter. I 
think that gives you a sense of some of the differences in growth. On the other expenses, this 
includes, for example our commercial spend, which have been around a hundred basis points 
higher versus prior year, which was for COVID impacted, but there are also other expenses, 
which is for example, freight or sales promotion expenses, or the related fuel costs. So those 
force have been impacted to a certain extent due to commodities and the -- and the volume 
growth seen in the quarter.   
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. And last bit was on CapEx. You talked about you're reevaluating or reviewing your 
CapEx plan. So, if you could share some color on what kind of capacity additions you know, 
you are looking at and what amount you intend to spend, thank you.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, for the current financial year, we continue the guidance of CapEx towards some range 
of around INR 250 crore. But beyond that as we indicated then we would probably beyond a 
higher level, given the utilization rates observed in the current quarter and Yes, we will then 
proceed basically on a region-by-region basis as to where expansions will take place. And 
how do we go about that in terms of own breweries or working with partners, et cetera. So 
that will be part of the evaluation, but again, in the current financial year the guidance on 
CapEX remains the same.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Motilal 
Oswal Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.   
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Yes. Thank you. One clarification in two questions, when you said consumer pricing piece of 
3% to 6%, were you specifically referring to Maharashtra and Karnataka or what are you 

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
talking about that… In response to one of the previous questions you had mentioned that 
there was consumer pricings of between 3% to 6%. I just wanted a clarification, whether you 
are referring specifically to Maharashtra and Karnataka, which are free pricing markets, or 
you're talking about pricing increases at a blended level.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. So, the 3% to 7% range already is kind of the range for those states where we 
implemented that those are the more typical impacts on consumer price levels, but for the 
states of Karnataka, Maharashtra you would have to think of the lower end. So, some towards 
the 3% in terms of consumer price change.   
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Sure. That's useful. Perhaps not coincidentally, you mentioned UP, Haryana, and West 
Bengal are the markets where you have done better compared to 2019 levels given the decent 
markets where there is a differential access between beer and spirits. I mean are the volumes 
far better than expected, and we are you seeing any cannibalization, of Spirit demand beer 
growing significantly higher than Spirits in these markets?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, there are I think force correlations to the improvements in the excise policy, particularly, 
of course, if you talk about states like West Bengal or the same way some of these states we 
have seen good share performance from us that helps of course, as well I think the trend is 
also consistently there, so these are all elements that lead to some of these states 
outperforming the total and hence, Yes, it remains very important to continue the efficacy  
and the policy engagement on the in the other states. So, I think these are Yes, clear examples 
of some of those results.   
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Okay.  My last question is on Haryana and at 4% has introduced a lower tax slab for beer 
with 4% Alcohol, I think West Bengal has also done the same. Have you also addressed the 
portfolio so that you are introducing products at this particular alcohol class?   
Berend Odink:  
No, not specifically for Haryana, but in general, we continue a lot of consumer research and 
insights to look at the trends.  So, from a perspective of excise policy, I would say that's one 
angle.  But more importantly, I would say from a consumer perspective that is since 
continuously on the review.  And if we feel that Yes, there are sufficient indications that this 
alcohol slab has a good potential out there. Then of course we will pursue it. So, in that sense, 
those things are continuously on their consideration, but so far we have not felt that 
particularly, for example, of Haryana for instance, that you mentioned that we would launch 
a product there.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
Alok Shah: 
Yes. Hi, thank you for the opportunity.  My first question was motivated with the 0.8 in the 
notes to accounts where you mentioned on, you know, the information being received and 
sort of review of the justification and appropriateness of commercial terms. So, can you 
elaborate more on this thing as to you know, the requirement to do this, what could be the 
possible outcomes that we will be evaluating, et cetera, and the timelines for the same? That's 
my first question.   
Berend Odink:  
So, the timelines, we stated the review was expected to be completed shortly, also important 
to say that we continued to monitor the operations and the sales in the two states where we 
have implemented the change had not been impacted. So, I think those are key elements as to 
how we look at it.   
Alok Shah: 
Okay. So basically, just to get it right this is largely to do with your commercial terms in the 
state of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh only.  
Berend Odink:  
Yes, those are the two states where we have said that we wanted to implement, so a tighter 
and more direct grip on our route to market.  As you know, every state is unique, but at this 
stage Yes, there are no further statements to make on any potential changes let's say in other 
states.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. Fairly clear. My second question is on the other expense line item, now, if I were to 
look at some of the key cost line items you know, be it outward freight, distribution expense 
and sales promotion expense. Now these three are usually the large pockets, now you know, 
we have seen some bit of a savings in FY ‘21 and ‘22. Now it could be temporary in nature 
because of low volumes, et cetera but you know, on a sustainable basis say your distribution 
expense are going down from about 3.5% to sub 3% and sales promotion from over 5.5% to 
around 4.6%. So, you know, in light of the cost savings that you typically allude to, can we 
see this ratio settling somewhere between the pre-COVID level and the current level, or you 
think you know, there's not much leeway in this item will go back to the pre-COVID levels.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I think we -- your approach is right to look at it as a percentage of top line. I would point 
out that for of course in this quarter, we had a negative statement, which impact this ratio to a 
certain extent, but as to one of the earlier questions, the cost itself -- sales promotion is also 
driven by the mix in the quarter and freight. Of course, there's an important fuel component 
commodity related in that as well. So, looking at the commodities and how they will trend, 
yes, also has a barrier on the fixed cost line item of other expense.   
Alok Shah: 
Okay. So, basically the distribution expenses and sales promotion expense will sort of up 
enter from your, is that understanding correct as a percent of sales, or unable to comment at 
the current juncture?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I would not directly say it's on a continuous trend or moving back because it's very 
much dependent on topics, what I mentioned like state mix, but also power and fuel type of 
rates, freight rate. So, yes, let's see how that trend in terms of the overall marketing.   
Alok Shah: 
Okay, perfect. And this one clarificatory question, so that excise duty rates this quarter was 
around 53%.  you know, just from my understanding, is it largely to do with the3 state mix 
that you talked about and as the share of premium portfolio goes up, the percentage of excise, 
would it typically go down a bit?  That's the clarification that I want. Thank you.   
Berend Odink:  
The excise duty would be to a large extent also driven by state mix cause the rates of course 
are different. And directly, I would say that the more premium the product, the higher the 
excise component as well.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of current from Karan Taurani from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead.   
Karan Taurani: 
Hi.  Thanks for making the question was I just want to get your understanding in terms of 
price hikes for more states how confident are you of getting price hikes in more states in the 
next two to three quarters? And what would be the quantum of that similar about 3% to 6% 
or higher than that?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, so the price increase is what tend to realize in the first quarter of course for the majority 
in the sense that once excise policies are known, then it's a logical moment to apply for any 
changes or any adjustments also coming from an excise change perspective.  But it's another, 
let's say a full Q1 activity only way continue to represent in other states throughout the year.  
So, we do think there are further opportunities, maybe not to the same extent as quarter one, 
because as I said earlier in two third of our volume base, we have realized the price increase, 
which I think is a pretty good outcome.  Having said that, it also means that are other states 
without price increase. So that is something we continue to pursue. And even there's a 
possibility of course, that other states we might revisit within one year potentially for 
increases as well.  So that's all on the on the review by the company.   
Karan Taurani: 
So basically, one cannot not, see potentially in more price hikes, from the balance states for 
this year, at least next year, whatever comes can come that correct.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. So, the realizations for the Q1 of course, are now known further steps can be taken later 
in the year. But I think you're right, the majority normally takes place in Q1, that's what we 
published in the results.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Karan Taurani: 
Correct.  And the second question was around Barley. So apparently the procurement for 
Barley generally happens in the month of April to June, those three months.  So, in terms of, 
you know your preferring barley have you preferred that for the entire year, or you been 
doing it in phase because the price was so high?  You'll probably wait for the prices to come 
down and do that. I mean, what's the barley procurement thing?   
Berend Odink:  
Right. We're looking at that not from a 12-month perspective. So of course, the first priority 
is to make sure there's continuity of supply. So that has been the focus during the peak 
season, also for the coming for the coming months that is secured. But as the year progresses, 
we continue to look at availability, at pricing and looking at domestic markets, even 
international markets.  So as to hopefully optimally procure at the right price levels 
throughout the year.   
Karan Taurani: 
Right. So, there could be a positive impact of lower prices on Barley in coming quarters.   
Berend Odink:  
No, the coming quarter is already secured.  But if you will extend the horizon up to next year 
peak season, Yes there are still open positions, so indeed if prices move down or hopefully 
not, but adversely go up then that could still be an impact.   
Karan Taurani: 
Right. Just one last squeezing specifically, you know, in terms of the distribution we've been 
hearing that, you know, many states are going easy for beer as a product and you know, a lot 
of the solution now taking place through a lot of premium outlets. Can kind of highlight, 
which are the key states here who are doing these kind of moves and what is the possible 
impact on volume?  
Berend Odink:  
Yes. So we have seen I think a couple of states in their policies also, kind of prescribing the 
type of outlets and in general minimum  square footage, a minimum set of display of stock, 
walk in sometimes even other elements of, of convenience for consumer. So I think in 
general, this is very positive for the consumer experience where, Yes, there are clearly 
opportunities to improve that.  And to your question, it helps the premium portfolio course as 
well. So I think it's a good step and something also, we support with our trade programs and 
in terms of Yes, in shop display and activations and Yes, Delhi is the one example where 
we've seen of course, a lot of change in the last 12 months.  And yes, we support that.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Trilok Agarwal from Dymon Asia. Please 
go ahead.   
Trilok Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon.  When I was looking at the cost particularly other effects, you 
know, prior versus pre-COVID that seemed to be a little on a higher side. Could you beyond 
enough freight and fuel cost, which you just alluded in one of the previous participant’s 
response, is there anything which you think has taken the cost very high or that's pretty 
normal, like, way of looking the business?   
Berend Odink:  
No, really the elements lined out earlier. So it's about freight fuel sales promotion.  Those are 
really the bigger categories in the other expenses. And what I said, that's partly mixed driven. 
It's partly commodity driven it's of course the volume component of the quarter and 
whatever's around a hundred basis point impact also compared to prior year of higher 
advertising spent. So that it.   
Trilok Agarwal: 
So the sales promotion expenditure should, what's the -- you know, percentage to you know, 
or do you like to continue given the fact that the momentum may continue?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, we have been relatively active in support and of course yes, with, I would say, good 
volume outcomes now that we move into couple of months of lower demands. We would 
also expect this to tape down a bit   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chinmay Gandre from Reliance Nippon 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Chinmay Gandre: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to understand, like during the peak 
season, what are our cap utilizing that was and coming to the next peak season, which will be 
next year. So if peak utilizing in the current season, and we have not yet embarked on any 
major addition, what kind of evaluating state by state. So how should we look at the next 
season from the capacity point of view?   
Berend Odink:  
It was difficult to fully understand the question due to the quality of the line, but I think I got 
the gist of it about capacity utilization. So that was close to 90% for the last peak quarter that 
we just reported on, number of breweries running at maximum capacity. So, this is part of the 
review that we spoke about in the release for the next peak season to augment capacity or 
make sure there's optimal cross sourcing where applicable.  And hence Yes, we will continue 
to look at the at the right investments behind the infrastructure, if I didn't answer part of your 
question is  
Chinmay Gandre: 
Yes, so my question is basically with next peak season next year. So, because we are still in 
planning stage with respect to the capacity, so how long will the new capacity take time to 
come on stream and for the next peak season, would we have to live with the current capacity 
itself and thereby not much of the major uptick from the volumes?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I think the actions are both near term for the next peak season, but also of course, if you 
talk about, for example putting new bottling lines or potentially complete brew housing in 
place. Yes. That will take more than more than nine to 12 months. So that is why we look at 
both avenues in terms of short to long term. And as I said earlier, we also have contract 
manufacturers in the network. So, we also cooperate and work with them in terms of the 
investments plan. So that's the broad approach.   
Chinmay Gandre: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Punmiya from Nirmal Bang 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.   
Vishal Punmiya: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on strong volume growth.  Firstly, just a 
clarification, so when we talk about next peak season, are we talking about 4Q or are we 
referring to 1Q of next fiscal year?   
Berend Odink:  
It will be next year, let's say March to June.   
Vishal Punmiya: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly if you could highlight the growth trends between on trade and off 
trade for the current quarter that would give a good insight in terms of how things are 
planning out across the channels and also the mix between those channels for the quarter.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes.  You are looking at on trade and off trade growth vis-a vis April, April, June quarter, 
last year vis-à-vis this year, right?   
Vishal Punmiya: 
Yes, yes, yes.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. Here, you will see that the on-trade growth is higher because last year first quarter in 
many states or almost all states there was a clamp down on locations where beer is consumed 
at the point of sale, so which is on trade. So, there you see phenomenal growth when the 
growth in retail, what you call off trade would be less when compared to the growth in, on 
trade.   
Vishal Punmiya: 
Okay. And what would be the mix now for this quarter?  Mix between off trade and on for 
us?   
Berend Odink:  
It would be inland at pre COVID levels because if you go back to pre COVID is to 2019, it 
would be in line to that.  
Vishal Punmiya: 
Which would be 25, 30 on trade?   
Berend Odink:  
70-30, 70 would be off trade and 30 would be on trade.   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Understood. Just lastly so premium segment has done or grown ahead of the overall portfolio 
for this quarter. What would be the mix of premium for now?  
Berend Odink:  
That will be in the high single digit.  So that is also above as we said last, last year quarter, 
but also 2019.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.   
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir.  Just seeking clarity, you know, there are a lot of changes in the beer as a category 
from a taxation perspective in lot of states you know, and the distribution touchpoints also 
seem to be rising specifically for wine plus beer combo outlets. So, I'm just wondering why is 
then the volume CAGR just about 2% on a, you know, three-year volume CAGR as of now 
what were the misses and considering these two, three big changes that are happening, how 
do you see the volume CAGR for beer as a product for us or for the industry, whichever way 
you want to comment? And my second question was on the pricing side. Did I hear that most 
states tend to take pricing on an annual basis, which is quarter one and hence there is no large 
price increases, which are supposed to happen over the next couple of quarters until quarter 
one of next year? Is that the case that you mentioned?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, the first on the volume outlook and back look to your question. So generally, I would 
say that the, outlook in terms of volume would be probably around six to 8% per year, of 
course that can be skewed higher or lower by policy changes et cetera. But I been underlying 
there are strong fundamentals that support that. To your question as to the back to earlier to 
question, explain that one word to take out the state of Andhra in 2019, then this quarter has 
shown 14% growth versus 2019 and then Yes, one has to factor in a lot of the disruption and 
trends were impacted two years subsequently from COVID. On the pricing side, I think it's a 
bit more nuanced in the sense that in Q1 is typically the quarter where most price actions are 
taken and that's what we want to indicate at the same time, it doesn't mean that nothing else is 
on the cards for other states, et cetera in the remainder of the year. So, and that's why we 
indicated that company continues to pursue these options where possible.   
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, this outlook of 6% to 8% volume growth, this is despite all these changes, which we see 
in the distribution or in the reduced taxation or reduced pricing of this product in lot of states. 
This is despite that we are calling our 6% to 8%.   
Berend Odink:  
No, so it's more on a constant basis of let's say regulation and policy.  And as I said, if there 
is more support and policies in various states than the number probably be higher and buy the 
versa.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what kind of distribution outlet increase are happening by whatever policies have come 
through. So, if I go back to a past calls and all the distribution touch points for some 50,000 
60,000 for the liquor industry as a whole, is that changing?   
Berend Odink:  
80,000,   
Pritesh Chheda: 
80,080. So, is that number changing now with the policy changes?  
Berend Odink:  
No, traffic changes as of now.   
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, three years back also it is 80, even today is 80. That's how it is.   
Berend Odink:  
Approximately. Yes.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Motilal Oswal 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.   
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Yes, thanks.  while you have indicated faster growth in the premium segment this is one area 
where your market share has been lower than your overall market share. Has there been any 
evidence, particularly post opening up of gains on market share gains on this trend?   

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Berend Odink:  
Yes, they had the overall trends, I think would not comment specifically on one quarter, but, 
across the everyday COVID aside, I think we have been increasing the share in the premium 
segment.  Hence, it's also one of the key strategic pillars of the company.  We do see a lot of 
consumers force having an appetite for different products for even higher priced products. 
So, there's all very, very positive. And in sync with the development of the Indian beer 
market, hence a lot of our attention, a lot of our investments are behind the premium portfolio 
and the debt we have seen Yes, progressive increase in share in the premium segment.  And 
that's what we continue to pursue.  
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Just to clarification, when you say progressive increase in share, you mean progress increase 
in share of your sales or progressive increase in share compared to the rest of the marketing 
segment?   
Berend Odink:  
So, it's our share within the premium segment is increasing.   
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:     Sure. And just one final question on barley inventory, how many months of inventory do we 
have currently?   
Berend Odink:  
I don't wanna call that out exactly. But to the earlier question, we have not covered the full 
position to the next peak season.  So, with that, we continue to look at the domestic 
availability and pricing also internationally. And then yes, under that continuous review, we 
will take our procurement approach as to how to cover the open month till next year domestic 
crop becomes available.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec Capital. Please 
go ahead.   
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. Hi, you had two questions. You did mention that, you know, you've seen market 
improvement in certain states, but at an overall level you know from a YoY basis, have you 
seen market share improvement at a national level, or it's been consistent? You just share 
some trends with us.   
Berend Odink:  
Yes. So, our market share for the total portfolio in the quarter has been, let's say on marketed 
levels that we normally see in quarter one.  So that is a little bit below prior quarters where 
we're at kind of 53%. Now we're closer to the, to the 60% that also has to do not so much, I 
would say with consumer demand for brands, but more with sourcing and supply. And, and 
some of the restrictions that we mentioned earlier, that could be your capacity limitations or 
sourcing let's say banks from various states due to the high demand seen in a couple of the 
months.   
Harit Kapoor: 
So, this shared reduction would've been more a function of or, or the shared gain that you 
would've seen in that competitors would've seen in this quarter would basically be regional 
players in that state would've been able to supply would've, gained at your cost. Would that 
be the way to think about it?   
Berend Odink:  
Yes, I think of course there are let's say differences state by state, but on an overall level,             
I would say the majority of this share movement is indeed driven by sourcing and supply and 
hence at market, participants that had ample capacity or are more direct tool to market of 
course, there versus some of the restrictions that we sold.   
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. And my last question is on the state mix now. So how do we kind of look at it is 
quarter one seeming a little more exceptional in terms of the extent of the negative 
statements, is it a base effect or is it just structurally some of these states seem to be doing 
you know, a bit better than what some of the high margin states are doing. I mean, how do 
you think about it is it is, you know, is it short term fluctuation or is it slightly more medium 
term that some of the low margin states seem to be kind of driving volumes?   
 

 
United Breweries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Berend Odink:  
I think it's a bit of a combination. So, one is base effect of course, well last year was quite 
impacted.  Secondly, number of policy improvements, et cetera are observed the number will 
these state as well.  Thirdly the peak season, for example high temperatures that in Rajasthan 
and UP also play a role. So a number of these are of course more short term and one would 
not necessarily expect them to continue in in quarters to come. So the end, it's a combination 
of more incidental during the quarter impact but also a few elements where it's more policy, 
policy driven, and course that that element will continue.   
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. That's it for me, I'll hand the toe to Margaret to close the call.   
Moderator: 
Thank you as then further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Harit Kapoor for closing comments.   
Harit Kapoor: 
Thanks, Margaret.  We just like to thank the management of United Breweries for taking out 
time for this call, as well as all the participants on the call for taking out their time, and hand 
over the call for the closing comments. 
Berend Odink:  
Thank you very much.  Harit thank you for hosting us and would like to thank everybody for 
their interest their questions and I wish all a very good day.  Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Investec capital services concludes this country. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. 
 
******************* 
