                              
       
 
  
 August 02, 2022 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Re: Transcripts - Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 
July 25, 2022. 
 
This is for your kind information. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Tejas Networks Q1 FY2023 Results 
Conference call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjay Nayak, MD and CEO. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Tejas Networks Q1 earnings call. We 
had uploaded our presentation on the website so I hope you had a chance to download it or at 
least are able to see it because we will be following the presentation slide by slide. 
 
I am on the first slide which is the key updates for Q1 FY2023 so our net revenues for the quarter 
were Rs.126 Crores, we had a PAT loss of Rs.7 Crores, cash, and cash equivalent at the end of 
our quarter was Rs.1739 Crores and of course we do not have any debt at this stage and our order 
book at the end of Q1 stands at Rs.1158 Crores. In terms of major things that really determine the 
quarter we continue to have challenges in supply chain, so we want to talk a little bit about that. 
So basically, we could not ship adequate systems in complete form because of imbalanced 
inventory that was created due to shortage of certain components despite us having placed 
adequate purchase orders well in advance to our suppliers. There are challenges in the global 
industry, and we have been continuing to be impacted by that so specifically what we have done 
is we have really analyzed all the things which are happening in the supply chain and based on 
our assessment of what we need to do differently going forward we are making changes in our 
internal processes and IT tools to better understand the current challenges and ensure more 
predictable deliveries. Essentially our business model was a very light touch asset light 
manufacturing where we gave out all our orders to our contract manufacturers and they in turn 
used to place the orders for the components and so on and assemble everything and give it back 
to us. What we found out is that just for us to get much more predictability and control because 
we are getting too many last minute surprises. Now we have upgraded our system where we can 
have complete visibility into all the components which have been ordered by our EMS suppliers 
and what the status of arrival of those things are and really be able to make much better informed 
manufacturing decisions. So, this fundamental systems and processes upgrade that we have done 
in the quarter we expect should start getting better results as we go forward in the rest of the year. 
The other impact of supply chain for us has been that component costs have increased 
continually over the past two years. We are able to buffer some of it in terms of new contracts but 
many of the deals which were fixed price for example tender deals which were rupee 
denominated in fixed price in India we do not have any opportunity to increase the prices to our 
customers as a result our gross margins have definitely been adversely impacted. This is again in 
a situation which we feel that throughout the later part of this year should start improving, but as 
of now we do have these challenges on the supply chain side. 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
In terms of overall corporate update as you would have read in the press release a couple of 
weeks back, we have inducted two new independent directors in our Board Professor Bhaskar 
Ramamurthi who till recently was the Director of IIT Madras and also the person who is in 
charge of the 5G labs that were set up at IIT Madras has joined our Board and Mr. P R Ramesh 
the Former Chairman of Deloitte India has also joined our Board. The second thing which we 
have completed as of recently is 63.43% shares of Saankhya Labs have been acquired and as of 
July 1, 2022, Saankhya Labs has become a subsidiary of Tejas Networks. We already started the 
integration process between the R&D teams and different other programs and the impact of all of 
this would be seen in terms of accelerating our 5G radio program in line with the market 
expectations of when things will be required. 
The last thing I wanted to highlight was that in last quarter the Department of Telecom 
announced a variant of the PLI scheme which is called design led manufacturing and that 
provides an additional 1% incentive on top of what was available but most importantly from an 
investment perspective and especially capital investment perspective they have allowed R&D 
manpower costs to be counted. The net effect of all of that is that the amount of capital 
commitment we can make comfortably to get advantage of this new design led manufacturing 
scheme will be significantly higher than what we had got approval earlier and the second thing 
the Department of Telecom has also allowed is to shift the block of five years in which we will 
get this incentive. So while we were eligible to get incentive in this year because of our 
investment in the last financial year based on our revenue profile, which we think will be 
increasing over the next four or five years, we have decided not to avail the incentive of last year 
and we will start the block of five years from this year. So the effect of these two would be I 
would say significantly higher PLI incentive that we will get after we are able to get our current 
application upgraded to larger capital commitment because of R&D manpower resources being 
allowed and secondly higher revenues because of the next four or five years we expect that our 
revenue profile would significantly be on the upswing compared to what it was in the last 
financial year. That is a quick summary of the overall quarter and again as I mentioned even in 
the last quarter we are not comfortable and excited about the fact that we are continuing to 
struggle through the supply chain challenges but we now do believe that combination of 
advanced ordering, combination of upgrading internal tools and processes and just a little bit 
better support from these component suppliers should allow us to make sure that the rest of the 
year we do not see the hiccups that we have seen in Q1 as well. 
I am now on the next slide in terms of the details about the financial update so as I mentioned the 
revenues for Q1 was Rs.125.8 Crores which was a year-on-year decline of 12.8% compared to 
last financial year, EBIT was minus Rs.30.7 Crores again that is a year-on-year decline, PBT was 
again negative at minus 12.9, PAT was minus 6.6 and EPS was minus 0.45. Basically, as you all 
know we do not view our business on a quarterly basis. We look at it on an annualized basis and 
while Q1 because of the revenue shortfall correspondingly resulted into a PAT loss. As I 
mentioned there are two other impacts which we have had is the gross margin pressure continued 
where we could not get improvements in the gross margin so we are almost at the same level as 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Q4 of last year and I expect that only when the year progresses, we could potentially see 
improvement but at least that is the situation that we have today. The other thing I want to 
mention is on the expense side especially on the R&D investment side. we have not slowed 
despite the fact that Q1 was not a good quarter in terms of revenue. We have continued to make 
sure that all the R&D investments which are required to accelerate our wireless product 
development in particular both the 4G program that we are working with BSNL and the 5G 
program for the overall market does not get impacted so on that sense the expenses and the 
commitments to our investments on the R&D and manufacturing side continue and we expect 
that as the year progresses the revenues will also catch up with respect to our investment plans. 
Continuing on the next slide on the financials because of the imbalanced inventory situation our 
inventory increased almost by around Rs.35 Crores to Rs.40 Crores to Rs.322 Crores. Because 
again we have imbalanced systems it means many of the cards have come but just because some 
could not come because of specific component shortages we could not complete the system, but 
we do again expect that as the inventory starts getting balanced out the inventory level should 
come down. Receivables are Rs.298 Crores we collected around Rs.141 Crores during the 
quarter. We also collected some money from BSNL which we had provided for in Q4 of last year 
during this quarter. Working capital because of the higher inventory level primarily increased by 
Rs.47 Crores and the cash position increased to Rs.1739 Crores because Panatone investments 
converted the Series A Warrants and invested Rs.712.5 Crores in the company so as a result on 
the cash side we are comfortable, and we are making investments in line with that our long term 
vision of what we want to achieve. Clearly in the Q1 because of revenue shortfall we have 
inventory increases as well as working capital increases. 
Going to the next slide in terms of the sales summary so we have two pie charts these are all the 
same formats we have been sharing in the past so the pie chart on the left hand side shows the 
breakup between the three segments of the business that we had in last financial year and the pie 
chart on the right hand side shows the revenue breakup by the customer segments that we track 
so the run rate business which is India private plus international contributed to 80% of our Q1, 
India Government was 20% of Q1 which was a growth compared to last year. In addition, we 
have won a few large multi-hundred crore tenders which are expected to convert into purchase 
orders in Q2. India private was 49% of the total revenues and we did see a year-on-year growth 
of 21.5%. This is the segment of the business which continues to do well as you all know that the 
India government business is a little bit dependent on the tenders and when we actually execute 
but private continues to do well for us. International compared to last Q1 of last financial year 
was down around 48% although as a total it is almost in line a little bit shorter than the overall 
year average. In terms of closing backlog, the revenue and so the orders from India constitutes 
around Rs.986 Crores and the backlog of orders from international is around Rs.172 Crores. 
Going to the next slide this is just again a pictorial view of all the different products and the 
different segments that we are having our focus on, so on the wireline products which are our 
steady state business which has been continuing to grow healthily, we have got the optical 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
transmission, the broadband access as well as we secured Ethernet IP switches which are used for 
safe cities, smart cities and those applications so that is part of the business in terms of run rate as 
well as new order wins continues to be doing quite well. The wireless products or the new 
products which constitute the 4G radio network or base stations as we loosely call them both for 
fixed as well as mobile. And we have successfully completed the 4G proof of concept trials in the 
BSNL network. The 5G radios and the satellite communication is something that we have 
acquired from Saankhya Labs and we are integrating all of those as a part of our integrated 
product portfolio so a lot of new investments in terms of R&D is going into the 4G and 5G 
program on the wireless side. While we will continue to invest on an incremental basis on the 
wireline business which already has a fairly competitive portfolio of products and we will 
continue to grow healthily as a business so in a sense wireline business continues to be on a 
growth and profitable mode and wireless business at this stage is really in the investment mode. 
But we do expect that the wireless revenues especially of the larger kind could start hitting our 
revenues sooner in which case both those businesses will be independently going. 
In summary I am on the last slide now. Q1 was a weak quarter because of revenue shortfall 
specifically because of the component shortages where we could not balance the inventory and 
ship. We have taken corrective actions which were not originally planned for because the supply 
chain model in the normal situation was working well with our EMS doing everything but we 
just have to do a little bit more planning and forecasting on our side and those processes and 
systems internally have been changed and we expect to have a better management and less of 
surprises from our supply chain going forward. Order book is healthy. We also have a very 
strong visibility of new order inflows and hence we expect to accelerate our quarterly revenue 
growth during the rest of the financial year. On an overall year basis, we still feel confident of 
significant growth compared to last year. With the success of proof of concept for our 4G RAN 
we are also well positioned to scale our wireless business and achieve a potentially large size 
orders for which commercial discussions are on. We are also making R&D investments as well 
as scaling up our manufacturing operations. Again, we will continue to be in the asset light mode 
but whether it is processes, people, systems, tools, test equipment, and capabilities, all of that is 
being done to ensure that as our business scales up significantly in a short period of time, we are 
ready to actually do manufacturing for those products. We are also continuing to watch the lead 
times in the industry and taking proactive inventory actions and have coverage for almost next 12 
months of revenues in terms of confirmed orders to our suppliers. We already talked about the 
constitution of the Board which will again continue to make sure that we have a very good set of 
people to direct us and from a cash perspective again we have a good position so that we can take 
long term view of our business and continue to focus on things that over the next few years we 
will ensure that our company grows at a much higher pace than we have done in the past. I would 
pause right now and actually make it more interactive and open up the floor for questions so we 
can just start the question and answer session now. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of 
Hirenkumar Thakorlal Desai an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Hirenkumar T Desai: 
Good evening. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. I have two questions one short term and 
one slightly longer term. The first one is our order backlog was Rs.1186 Crores I think at the end 
of Q4 it has declined and the revenue this quarter is Rs.125 Crores so have we either seen some 
order cancellation or the order creation in this quarter has been low that is the first question? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Hiren you want me to answer one by one or you are going to put the second question as well as 
first? 
Hirenkumar T Desai: 
Yes the second question is related to the longer term that it has been about a year since Tata 
invested in Tejas and I assume that the idea is to grow nonlinearly right significantly grow so 
what is the concrete plan of utilizing the cash that is there because I assume that at around Rs.600 
Crores to Rs.700 Crores of revenue kind of we are break even and self sustaining so this money 
what is our plan to sort of increase investment or how to nonlinearly increase our revenue? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Sure, so let me start with the first question. No, we did not have any order cancellations in Q1 
except that some of the large orders that we are supposed to get in the form of purchase orders 
just crossed the quarter boundary so they could not come in. So as such could have had a much 
higher Q1. I would say that the order inflow business win continues to be strong. Yes, Q1 
specifically the new order inflow is slightly lower than revenues that we did and hence the 
backlog decreased but that is one point so as far as the year is concerned, we still continue to 
believe that the new order inflows and the win ratio is very strong, and we do not have any 
concern on the cancellation side. The second question that you said which is correct that Tata is 
now almost invested for a year, we do have plans to grow nonlinearly, in fact we have AGM 
tomorrow where we will of course also be sharing some of those thought processes along with 
the new Chairman. But the point is very simple we believe that our industry in telecom 
equipment is an industry of scale. Unless we get into top tier category among the global players, 
we will not have the economies of scale to really be able to play very large so in that side we are 
basically doing three things in terms of the broad strategy which I articulated I think in one of the 
earlier earnings calls. Number one is to expand the product portfolio. Our optical and wireline 
portfolio is very strong, we believe that with the wireless 4G and 5G thing that we are doing it 
expands the market for us because in India which is a market we do see large opportunities of 
this kind which are coming together. And part of the Saankhya Labs acquisition was to make 
sure that product completeness we have the breadth of portfolio that is required. Part of that 
strategy was that all OEMs in the world we have seen a lot of the analysis is something that they 
start getting a lot of success of large kind in their home markets. Hence we are thinking that with 
the Government of India’s Atmanirbhar focus and the opportunities that we are seeing for the 
new capex cycle in India between 5G and 4G for BSNL. There is a large home market 
opportunity which we want to maximize and use that opportunity to get to global scale so that is 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
the second part of the strategy to really make sure that in the near terms in the next 24 months or 
so we really start to start getting into large deals in the home market. And then third part of 
strategy was related to use the Tata ecosystem to get into international markets starting from 
expanding in the geographies where we are but more importantly getting into accounts where we 
earlier did not have access to working either as a solution partner or using the relationship that 
exists to get to that. So I would say the strategy is quite clear except that the execution and the 
outcome of that strategy we expect will be visible to the investors as this and next year 
progresses but a lot of those signs of that we hope should be visible in this year itself. 
Hirenkumar T Desai: 
Okay but Sanjay that still does not clearly answer the large amount of cash that we have about 
how you are going to use? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes so, the large amount of cash will be used for three purposes. Number one it gives us the 
cushion to increase investments into R&D. Number two it gives us an opportunity to scale up our 
business in much larger play and be able to take longer-term bets whether it is in supply chain, 
whether it is in securing business of large kinds or making international sales investments and 
number three it also gives us the ability that as and when we see opportunities to acquire 
candidates and companies we should be able to do that. Without having the cash position that we 
have today our ability to take any of these three long term calls gets dramatically diminished. 
And we have now N. G. Subramaniam as our Chairman, so we are working closely with him and 
trying to implement our long-term vision into actions as we go along. 
Hirenkumar T Desai: 
Okay just to follow up is there anything on the radar in terms of acquisition if you want to? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
We do not have anything that we can talk about, but the purpose is that the cash is available for 
both organic as well as inorganic methods. 
Hirenkumar T Desai: 
Okay thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Sanket from Kedia Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanket: 
Good evening, Sir. Just wanted to understand like what gives us confidence that the supply chain 
pressure will ease out in the coming year or in next couple of years also because the same has 
been prolonging since last one year and that has been impacting our results quarter after quarter 
so how do we make sure we are self sustainable to profitability? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
First of all you are absolutely right that we had expected the supply chain issues to have been 
behind us by now for sure and unfortunately they are not so we basically have been diving deeper 
into the core issues and really fixing one by one. So at a macro level if you talk to anybody in the 
semiconductor industries at least related to the telecom products or the kind of chips that we buy 
the general concern such as that till the end of this year things are not going to be changing too 
much. So for example if you place an order on any component supplier you may get a 52-week 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
lead time as a committed lead time so that is the situation that is available from a discussion that 
we had with the suppliers, but even for that to be honest we had actually taken inventory action 
with more than 52 weeks of lead time. But why are we still not able to do the revenues that we 
planned for is when we figured out that the EMS companies that we have been working with the 
way they have been operating and certain kind of things that they have been trying to optimize 
around did not suit the current situation where the lead times are longer. It was very important 
and crucial for us to get to the second and third level of details of their systems and processes, 
integrate them into our IT systems and be able to predictively say where exactly, which 
component, which is short and which EMS have they placed the order on time, what is the 
accepted arrival date, and why we cannot pull that in, etc.,  
So I think the internal processes and systems is something which took us a little bit longer to realize and implement but I 
think we have done that as well so the combination of the two I feel that which I mentioned 
earlier that we place order for the next 12 months of our requirements gives us comfort that if we 
are able to better manage our suppliers essentially we should be in a fine shape going forward is 
our understanding. 
Sanket: 
But do we have the pricing power like you mentioned we are not able to right now pass on the 
pricing as these are domestically built so going forward also would we have the pricing power, or 
our margins would be reduced? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think in the normal situation there are two kinds of businesses that we participate in. One is the 
tender business where if we had bid in a tender say two years back and it was awarded to us let 
us say a year back the pricing power in those deals does not exist with us because it is a fixed 
price deal it was a rupee based thing and there is very little we could do to change that. Any new 
customer that we are bidding or a new tender we are bidding or any rate contracts with existing 
customers including large customers of ours when we are renewing, they understand the situation 
because all other suppliers are also using the price escalation to pass it on to them so in these 
cases we have been able to pass on the price escalation. Now the question is how much of a blend 
of the business will happen between new orders where we have increased the price versus older 
old orders where we have price pressure. The answer is that since we do have a large backlog of 
last year, lot of it is also fixed rupee price at least for a quarter or two we will see a little bit of a 
margin pressure till the situation on the supply chain eases off and answer to that is that we 
should have larger revenues to be able to absorb a slightly lower gross margins so that on an 
overall basis we can still be achieving profitability. 
Sanket: 
With respect to the DLI incentive which you have mentioned about can you quantify this like 
what would be the additional benefit to us in the longer term? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So yes, so in the earlier scheme we had applied for around Rs.105 Crores of investment which 
would have given us up to 3.8 or 3.88 times of incentives. We are in the process of upgrading our 
earlier PLI application to a much larger investment commitment which would potentially mean 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
we could get up to 3.8 times our capital investment back in the form of incentive plus we get an 
extra percentage so we will have two benefits from the new designing and manufacturing 
scheme. One is we will have a much larger capital commitment because R&D manpower is now 
allowed without actually having to invest significantly differently than what we would have 
normally done and secondly that larger commitment will give us an opportunity that as a revenue 
scale much more than what we had originally planned for when we had applied last year we 
should be able to get the incentive on a larger revenue amount and then the third part is that we 
will get an extra 1% incentive because we will meet the value addition criteria that has been 
prescribed in the new DLI scheme for our products so this is how I think the new scheme will or 
rather the new application will benefit us going forward. 
Sanket: 
Thanks for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Tejas Sheth from Nippon India AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Sheth: 
What is the status on the BSNL order now? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Tejas I think as you would have been reading in the newspaper so the technical aspects of 
concluding the proof of concept trials is going well so our equipment has been in the field for 
now quite some time and things have progressed quite well and the customer seems to be 
satisfied with the technical capabilities of our products. In terms of the commercials those 
discussions are on between the front end system integrator and BSNL and the size of the deal and 
the price is something that is being worked out. And as soon as those commercials close which 
we expect should close in this quarter we would get better visibility in terms of the timelines of 
the orders and the delivery timelines that we will have to give for those orders but all of that is a 
work in progress and so far things are going in the right direction. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay and now with world travel opening up considering that we have been suffering from 
getting international order because we will not be able to travel is there, we have hired any talent 
to boost up our international orders? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
That is a good point because travel is opening up and we are seeing things scale up 
internationally. We will definitely be making more investments in our international sales from 
two different angles, in certain geographies where we have been directly addressing the market 
those geographies are where we are having more investments and we should start seeing the 
result of that with a time gap of couple of quarters. In the US market we believe that partnership 
approach with either other group companies or with other OEM that we have done in the past 
might be a faster way for us to accelerate so we will be revamping the US markets with that kind 
of a strategy again based on the internal strategy discussion we have been having so I would say 
that international should start ramping up; however, I must also say that I mentioned earlier that 
we do see very large opportunity in the home market in India across customers and we also want 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
to make sure that we do not miss out on those opportunities to scale our business and at least get 
to high economies of scale in the shortest possible time. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay but has the ball started rolling on working with the group companies or it is something 
which is just on paper as of now? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The ball has started rolling. We have been interacting in terms of different applications, different 
geographies, and some sales models that will work but I think it will just take a little bit of time 
to get the first success internationally but that is something that I would say multiple 
engagements across multiple geographies are on. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay on the product offering side is there anything which we are looking to achieve over next let 
us say 12 to 24 months? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes in fact we have planned to achieve a lot by the way so number one we want to make sure 
that a very robust 4G system can be delivered for large scale deployments not just in India but in 
many parts of the world especially in emerging markets still do not have a 4G like India does not 
have 4G in many pockets I think we see that is a good opportunity or robust field proven 4G 
system is something that will happen in the next 12 months in terms of large scale deployments. 
5G radios that we have been producing in the 5G RAN solutions that we have been producing 
again we believe should be qualified by customers by the end of this calendar year and should be 
ready for commercial deployment in the next calendar year as well so these two products alone 
would open up a very large new addressable market in terms of the wireless side of things which 
we really have been just kind of playing on the fringes so far. And that is the reason I mentioned 
that in terms of the R&D investments we are significantly upgrading that. The third element in 
terms of new product deployment would be through the Saankhya acquisition they have an 
application for 5G for broadcast application innovative for people who have a TV spectrum who 
could use that for broadcast on 5G so they are again working with one of the anchor customers 
and we believe that in the next 12 to 18 months some more application of broadcast 5G across a 
larger set of operators around the world can open up. So I would say there is a lot of a huge 
amount of product development and product capabilities are coming out in the company. Just to 
put all of this in perspective we are trying to do in let us say two years what typically takes five 
times or ten times as much more time compared to the global competitors against whom we are 
now competing. So in that sense these are all very, very complex technologies require a huge 
amount of field hardening because they have a direct to the user experience. So for example if 
you have a mobile network or your user experience on the network should be no different than 
you would build the networks using any other multinational companies’ products who have been 
in this business for 20 years or maybe longer. The same thing for our fiber to the home products 
for example which continue to be doing quite well in many of the operators in India and abroad 
so net-net I would say significant focus on R&D. A lot of resources are needed; a lot of 
investments are needed. The supply chain situation even for rapid prototyping is making it 
difficult to launch products faster than what you would have otherwise done but all I can say is 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
that a lot of investments is happening in the right direction and things are all coming together in a 
very satisfactory manner. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay yes. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Sangameswar Iyer from Consilium. Please go 
ahead. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
I just wanted to check with you the slowdown that we are talking about in the semiconductor 
industry is that having an impact on the overall fresh order intake that we are seeing because like 
one of the earlier participants asked the order inflow during the quarter was actually much slower 
than what we had been seeing in the past few quarters so does this have anything to do with a 
conscious decision to slowly take orders because of the rising input prices or could you elaborate 
a bit more as in what has led to this slowdown? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
First of all, as I mentioned in answer to that question was that I would not read too much into the 
order inflow for Q1 as I said subsequent to the quarter close alone, we have got significantly 
large orders. In that sense in my mind there is no real slowdown in the business momentum and it 
is quite healthy. By the way on the contrary the situation is slightly different. If we had been able 
to ship out all the stuff that we have backlog of we can definitely have secured a lot more orders 
so I would say that we could have accelerated our growth but we are limited a little bit by the 
current situation in supply chain so that is the way I would put it. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Secondly in the past few concalls we did always mention that we have been trying to get or 
garner critical components that would be required and to make sure that shortfalls do not occur 
but even Q4 and Q1 we have seen that few critical components still elude us and resulting in us 
not meeting our internal targets as well in terms of fulfilling customer orders, etc., so this new 
initiative that you spoke about where in you are trying to integrate the supply chain of the 
vendors along with yours to make sure that the orders are received on time or fulfilled on time 
how long do you think that this will take in terms of a gestation period before these things 
formalizes and you are able to take complete control of the whole chain? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
It is a good question Sangam so there are two effects which had hurt us to be honest the first 
effect as you rightly said that certain specific components are under what is called allocation 
basis. These are very large companies by the way I am talking of so they are only able to get X 
amount of components of that kind available from their foundry or semiconductor foundry who is 
manufacturing that and the same X amount of components are being “allocated” to different 
system companies like ourselves right. So A the problem was to get the maximum share of the 
allocation for those components and if some of those components go across many products that is 
really where the efficiency that I talked about comes so assume we are able to get say thousand 
components allocated and those thousand components are used across 20 different cards that we 
produce in the company. If you do not do a good job of balancing the use of those thousand 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
components we may and we may have by the way a requirement of thousand components on all 
of those cards so we can consume it on 10 cards or we can consume it on 50 different cards or 
whatever, so I think what was happening is the optimization. I am just simplifying the problem 
for you. The optimization of the scarcely available component onto different cards and balancing 
the inventory was not done being appropriately so the second part of the problem is what is the 
new thing that we have solved at least in terms of the tools, processes, and systems now so we 
believe that whatever components are available we will be able to do a much better job of 
allocating them internally and getting more systems out of the door. The first part of it in terms of 
getting higher portion of components from our suppliers that is an ongoing discussion. Even as 
late as last week when we met some of these suppliers who are visiting India we have highlighted 
the importance of them supporting Tejas and we hope that going forward we should get a better 
allocation of such components but that is the summary of what has changed and our assessment 
is that the results of whatever we have done should start being visible from this quarter onwards 
in terms of better performance on the revenue side. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
As a followup if you were to back test these tools and systems that we are putting in place with 
your vendors currently what kind of efficiencies would you have achieved in the last couple of 
quarters, do you think that instead of Rs.125 Crores run rate you could have clocked Rs.175 
Crores to Rs.200 Crores run rate given better efficient utilization of the tools of the components 
that were available I am just trying to analyze the situation in terms of how much was the 
shortfall on the internal basis and how much was it because of the external factors which affected 
everybody? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
It is hard to quantify that because one is connected to the other so as time goes by of course the 
aging of the orders of those components on our supplies is higher so the chances of them getting 
fulfilled now is better. Clearly as I articulated that the allocation of those components within the 
system for us could be done better so it is a little bit hard to quantify what happened in the past. 
But what we do know that as I mentioned at the end of the Q4 call that we actually had coverage 
for all the orders that we have for the whole year in advance so we should get those components 
during the year. So the only thing which we are focusing on right now is that going forward as 
much of efficiency as we can draw into the system should be put in and we should start seeing 
tangible output because we do want to make sure that customer orders do not get so late that 
customers start getting concerned about our ability to deliver and that is something which we are 
keeping at a high priority. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Got it and last question from my end given that a lot of your orders are international orders, 
currency depreciation does kind of offset a little bit in terms of the input cost increase, etc., but 
how much of an escalation and input cost can we pass through and how much do we have to 
absorb? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think it is a dynamic situation because depending on which customers do you ship that quarter 
and what was the profile of that customer was it at the new price or at the old price, I think our 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
margins keep changing. As you rightly picked also that in Q1 our percentage of international was 
lower and our backlog of international actually is still very high, so I think in general our 
international margins are better than the Indian margin so as we decongest those orders, we 
expect to see improvement at least in the blend of the margin as well. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Is there a pass through available in terms of cost escalation beyond a certain level in all those 
international orders? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes so the way it works it is not a direct pass-through it is more like a competitive situation with 
that customer so at any point in time suppose you increase the price by X percentage or Y 
percentage or whatever it is for the customer, discussion with the customer what is the thing 
which you can pass on to him while still being competitive. And it is always a push and pull but 
even with large customers in India we had been able to do the price escalation for certain kind of 
products for sure and certain others it was a little bit more difficult. But I think there is no one 
fixed rule that we can pass X percentage to all the things. I know where you are coming from like 
for example in auto industry people are able to say okay, I am going to pass X percentage price 
increase on all models of this kind right. Unfortunately, our industry is a little bit more 
fragmented, and it is a mix of products and mix of customers on the radar screen with respect to 
competitive situation which comes into play before. Of course the intent is to pass as much as we 
can and to push back as much as we are getting from our suppliers. But on the supplier side I 
think to be honest we have not that much leverage at this stage because if we have to prioritize 
between securing components at slightly higher cost versus just trying to stick to our margins we 
are prioritizing getting the components. So we have to pay a little bit of spot premium or 
whatever we are doing that but to the customers to the maximum we can pass we are doing it 
while being competitive. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
All the best Sanjay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you. Good evening. Sanjay sorry if this was asked earlier because I missed some part of 
the call but can you just help with a view on the component shortage easing we have seen some 
companies especially in the LAN space come out and talk about normalization happen at a faster 
rate which part of your component supply chain is still seeing stretch delivery timelines and what 
is your view that by when will things go back to a normalized run rate what it was pre-COVID 
for you in terms of the supply? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Mukul if I look at the categories of components where we are having the highest lead time today 
surprisingly is not the class A large cost chips. It is basically power components for example 
clocks, powers, and things like that the analog kind of components which basically on an average 
may cost a few cents to a couple of dollars single digit dollars right. These are the components 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
which are currently giving the maximum grief in terms of a category of components. Second one 
after that is that certain programmable devices of a certain what should I say in nanometer 
geometry is in a serious short supply because there are only two programmable device guys in 
the world both of them outsource their manufacturing to there was one in Taiwan and one in 
Korea. The Korea company basically used that capacity for their internal needs so basically that 
capacity got dried up. There was only one foundry which was manufacturing these 
programmable devices. If you talk to anybody in the industry today from the largest OEM whom 
we work with certain of those devices are under a serious shot supply and actually because of our 
programmable architecture, we do have a significant dependency on those kind of chips so that is 
the second category. The third category of chips I think which is easing off, the memories are 
easing off as we see some of the guys who have captive foundries in-house manufacturing for 
some of the higher value parts it is easing off because what people by the way are also doing is 
that the same amount of wafers of a certain technology which were available were repurposed to 
produce chips with higher average selling prices versus chips with lower selling prices so those 
are the categories where we have had the maximum grief. Unfortunately in our situation even if 
you secure 999 components and one is missing you could potentially have an imbalance 
inventory and not able to ship out. The overall outlook that we have heard from all the 
semiconductor suppliers is that towards the later part of this calendar year things will start to ease 
out so what that means is that if you place an order on a chip supplier today they may come back 
to you with a 52 weeks or 70 weeks lead time but if you are going to place but the chances of that 
order getting executed in less than 52 weeks or 70 weeks will only be known as the year 
progresses. It could happen in Q1, it could happen in Q2 but if you are going to place orders in 
the month of November and December you possibly will have a lead time coming down to 20 
weeks or 26 weeks or 16 weeks which is the normal situation so that is how we see the situation 
where today it is still everybody knows this is the likely scenario but nobody is committing. The 
later part of the year we will start seeing commitments of lower lead times from suppliers and 
this is across the Board again as I can see that it is not that Tejas alone problem but supply chain 
planning guys from different companies that we have been talking to are facing the same 
situation. If I were to kind of summarize something that Tejas could have done better which we 
did not in the past was really not just relying on the EMS suppliers to do all the detailed supply 
chain management. We took care of the A class items but the B class and C class are ones which 
I just mentioned are the ones which got us into a slower revenue rate and that is basically 
probably our global competitors early on and essentially went into NS level of details and tried to 
do a better job of executing than we did. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood and so just to take this a step forward for example tomorrow all the power chips 
scenario or TSMC and Samsung supply constraints are lifted like things are back to normal out of 
Rs.1100 Crores to Rs.1200 Crores of order book which you have right now plus the flow 
business which is there what is the current capacity in terms of your own delivery which you can 
do on a quarterly basis, is there something which is constrained by revenue run rate of maybe 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rs.300 Crores or Rs.400 Crores is there a constraint from Tejas side which can put a cap there 
and I am talking about right now? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Absolutely not. For the next four quarters if you can get half the components that we need and all 
the orders which we have placed come in we can do all the numbers that we mentioned without 
any problems at all. What we are also doing which I alluded to in my commentary and I can 
maybe elaborate a little bit more is that we are expanding our EMS base also in terms of 
production capacity in anticipation for scaling up our revenue base from significantly larger 
numbers than what we are today so we have all of those things also lined up so I would say that 
today in terms of scaling up our revenues from where we are too much, much, much larger 
numbers I do not think there is any bottleneck. The only bottleneck is the availability of 
components. The EMS capacity is there, and the production box build capacity is available. We 
do not see any internal hindrance from a Tejas perspective. We do not have any cash flow issues 
in terms of not being able to place large orders so in that sense the only thing which is holding us 
back is balanced list of components that we need to complete the orders. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure, and then one final question. This quarter was there any Tier-1 vendor in US or Europe 
where you started either trailing out or kind of working your way in given that the supply 
scenario is limited so maybe the time can be utilized to forge new relationships? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Nothing major internationally. We did ship for one of the business that we had won last quarter 
so we shipped to that customer to feed that stuff in Europe to hopefully get that network rolled 
out but to be honest no we did not have any specific opportunity into a Tier-1 internationally 
where we could divert some of our available material and get a win there. But the existing 
accounts which we have we are continuing to at least make sure that their critical deliveries are 
done and we do not get into a situation where our lack of deliveries hurts our reputation or our 
growth in the account. Clearly, we can get more business, but we are not losing business because 
we did not supply per se. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Since we are at the end of the hour, we can take one last question please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question will be from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir I have two questions. Just firstly a clarification on Saankhya 
are the other numbers getting reflected in this particular quarter and what is the contribution is 
here that is question number one and Sir the second question is you spoke about a lot of changes 
in the process and the systems in order to better track our supply chain systems where will this 
sort of reflect, will this get reflected more in terms of asset investments or rather balance sheets 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
or will this get reflected in our P&L in terms of your investments which will pass through into 
the P&L so these are my two questions? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Certainly, Saankhya Labs there is no contribution of Saankhya because as of July 1, 2022, is 
when we acquired the 63% stake so starting from this quarter onwards, we will be consolidating 
the numbers from Saankhya into our books so that is part one of your question. Part two of your 
question what is the impact and what is the place where you will see the benefit of the changes in 
the processing systems are coming that should be in the topline. We should be able to do a lot 
more revenues than we have been able to do in the past couple of quarters. Secondly, we will 
continue with an asset light model so there is no intention for us to put a big factory and produce 
everything ourselves. What we are doing is because we have to scale up our manufacturing and 
capacity, we have signed up new EMS partners who could be producing on behalf of us 
compared to the current ones that we have so in that sense the measure of our internal processing 
system is really the revenue impact that we should be able to see better as we go forward but 
definitely there will be no additional asset buildup. Also, I just wanted to clarify just in case it 
was not clear that even though we will be applying for a much higher incentive amount and the 
investment commitment under the design linked PLI scheme we will not be making any artificial 
investments in terms of hard capex again so the strategy of manufacturing will still be same. It 
should be asset light model except that whatever we are investing in manpower and R&D cost 
will now be counted towards capital investment which will give us a bigger envelope in terms of 
the incremental sales revenues on which we will get the PLI incentive so in that sense no 
fundamental change in the business model except just a better management of the model and in 
fact it was also a little bit kind of a surprise to us because when the lead time in the industry for 
components was 12 to 16 weeks our EMS model just worked fine. The process systems were just 
okay but as those lead times change we really did not react to getting into the second and third 
level details of our EMS in terms of what were they doing with our orders and how were they 
ordering because if they were waiting for the longest lead time to order because everybody were 
just in time and trying to optimize their inventory naturally if we were able to pull in the 
components we were not getting the benefit of that and we were still seeing a lot of slip ups from 
their side or decommits from their side so I just feel that some stuff which we did not execute 
well we have figured out where we are weak and we are trying to strengthen those areas. The 
results of that should start seeing in the coming quarters onwards. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you Sir. Sir I just have one more question if I may. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Sure, just another minute so why not. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Just in terms of risk what we understand is that the telecom equipment is a pretty sticky business 
when we are actually supplying to our customers then that customer probably stays with us for a 
fairly long period of time because we have the best knowledge of products the service aspect is 
also taken care of by us given the fact that we have been facing this supply component shortage 
and these delivery challenges are we risking losing market share to peers who have direct control 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
of manufacturing in their hands and if that is the case then how are we going to sort of recoup the 
lost market share because the customers once they select a vendor it tends to be sticky in our 
industry correct me if I am wrong Sir? Thank you. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No, the first part is right that ours is a very sticky business so in that sense as I mentioned earlier 
that we have not lost any account and we have not lost any order in that sense. Coming back to 
your second part that compared to competitors who are doing this in house manufacturing I do 
not think we have any competitors globally now except if I take the Chinese out who do in house 
manufacturing so even all our global competitors follow almost the same model as us which is 
outsourced to EMS companies for doing manufacturing, etc., etc. What they could have done 
which is a possibility is that they manage the supply chain through their EMS much better than 
what we did A because of their volume buying power, B maybe they have got this learning 
experience in some previous cycles of component shortages which we are getting it for the first 
time here so in that sense they may have done a better job of executing however when we look at 
new wins and new supplies from even our global competitors their lead time commitment for 
unforecasted orders is no different than ours so in that sense I would not say that we are losing 
any ground to someone and he has occupied the land and we do not have an opportunity to get 
the land back. The more likely scenario is that we had a certain market share in an account which 
we would have in the normal course increased because we always increase market share in an 
account because of the supply chain shortages maybe we are stuck at the same market share that 
we were before so what we are trying to do in this scenario is that we are winning new 
application in the same customer so for example let us say operator A in India was deploying us 
in X and Y part of the network we are saying hey why not in the Z part of the network and that 
process of qualification getting selected could be a six month cycle and we are completing all of 
those cycles to win new applications into existing accounts so by the time the supply chain 
situation eases off we can have another portion of their market share which we are otherwise not 
getting so I would say we have not lost anything. We have been holding tight probably we have 
not gained market share which we could have but this is something which we just have to deal 
with given where we are. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Fair enough Sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question and answer session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Nayak for closing comments. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you everybody. First of all, we had a good set of questions, and I am hoping that we were 
able to give you a better view of our business. Clearly we have been going through the supply 
chain challenges for quite some time and it is not very good that we again had a quarter which 
was not to the level that we had internally planned for but having said that we understand what 
the challenges are, what issues are and we are working to the best of our abilities to fix those and 
we hope to see a good result at least on the supply chain side in the coming quarters. The second 
thing I want to highlight is the R&D investments especially on the wireless side that we have 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
July 25, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
been making. We are very confident of the output of those investments turning in the form of 
potentially large orders and we believe that those things will also start showing in the results as 
the year progresses and then the last part I want to kind of mention which is in the context of the 
questions someone asked right at the beginning that as a part of the Tata Group Company we 
have a fairly good idea of what the strategy of the company and what are the actions we need to 
take we have started to execute on that and we should see results coming out but the vision and 
ambition is very large and part of the whole partnership with Tata to essentially accelerate that 
and we are confident that we are making the progress in the right direction so that is how I would 
summarize where we are today and thank you again for being patient in terms of hearing our 
challenges and look forward to better outcomes from whatever we are doing in the times to 
come. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tejas Networks that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
