CENTURY 
Textiles and Industries 
Limited 
REGD. OFFICE : "CENTURY BHAVAN", DR. ANNIE BESANT ROAD, WORLI, MUMBAl-400 030. INDIA. 
OUR REF.: 
TEL.:+91-22-2495 7000 FAX:+91-22-2430 9491,+91-22-2436 1980 
E-Mail: ctil.ho@birlacentury.com 
Website: www.centurytextind.com 
CIN-L 17120MH 1897PLC000163 
SH/XIl/2022 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSELimited 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500040 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
01 st August, 2022 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code: CENTURYTEX 
Sub: Transcript of Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Century 
Textiles and Industries Limited ('the Company') 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations. 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, please find attached transcript of the 
Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors 
of the Company held on 26th July, 2022, for your information and record. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: 
www.centuzytextind.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For CENTURY TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
- . 
ATUL K. KEDIA 
~mpany Secretary 
~ 
Encl: As above 
8 K BIRLA GROUP OF COMPANIES 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 26, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
           
                       
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. J. C. LADDHA - MD, CENTURY TEXTILES 
AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. R. K. DALMIA - SENIOR PRESIDENT AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, CENTURY TEXTILES 
AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. SNEHAL SHAH - GROUP CFO, CENTURY 
TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. K. T. JITHENDRAN - CEO, BIRLA ESTATES, 
CENTURY TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. VIJAY KAUL - CEO, PULP & PAPER 
DIVISION, CENTURY TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
                                             MR. NILAY RATHI - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
COMMERCIAL, 
CENTURY 
TEXTILES 
AND 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR:          MR. AMIT SRIVASTAVA - BATLIVALA & KARANI    
                                             SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
                                         
Moderator:  
Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. Welcome to the Century Textiles and Industries 
Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
                                                         Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
                                                         I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Srivastava from Batlivala & Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Amit Srivastava: 
Yes. Thank you, Gizel. Hello everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, welcome you all to 
the 1Q FY'23 earning conference call with the management of Century Textile. We have 
with us the top management of Century Textile management is represented by Mr. J. C. 
Laddha, MD; Mr. R. K. Dalmia, Senior President and Whole Time Director, we like to 
congratulate him for getting promoted as MD; Mr. Snehal Shah, Group CFO; Mr. K. T. 
Jithendran, CEO, Birla Estates; Mr. Vijay Kaul, CEO, Pulp & Paper Division; and Mr. 
Nilay Rathi, Senior Vice President, Commercial. 
 
                                                         I would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host the earnings 
call. We would start the call with opening remarks from the management, which will be 
followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Thank you. A very good morning to everyone joining us today. It is my pleasure to 
welcome you all to the earnings conference call for the first quarter of the financial year 
2023. Let me start by briefing you on the macro environment before moving onto the 
performance of the quarter in Q1 FY'23. 
 
                                                         Although the financial year started off with high commodity prices, but later we 
witnessed some cooling down in some of these prices, which brought a bit of respite. 
Other sectors on a macro level, such as the falling retail sales, consumer confidence at 
70-year low, and the ongoing geopolitical situation are matters of concern. 
 
                                                        Global growth is projected to slow down from an estimated 6.1% in 2021 to 3.6% in 
2022, as well as 2023. Despite these disruptions highlighted before, Century Textiles and 
Industries witnessed a strong consolidated performance. Our real estate business saw 
steady sales due to a sustained demand momentum with Birla Niyaara project sales 
reaching 58% of the launched inventory in less than 6 months of launch. 
 
                                                         The Paper segment is witnessing improved demand and higher net sales realizations, 
although rising input costs remain a concern. Innovative cost-effective product launches 
lead to increased production, sales volumes, and turnover in the Textile segment, 
although input costs pressures played a dampener on the margins. 
 
                                                        The financial highlights for the first quarter of the financial year 2023 were that the 
consolidated turnover grew by 41% year-on-year basis to INR 1,172 crore due to a 
significant demand revival in both the manufacturing businesses of paper and textiles, the 
Pulp & Paper business grew by 49% and Textile business grew by 31% Y-o-Y. 
 
                                                         The EBITDA for quarter 1 FY'23 grew by 22% Y-o-Y to INR 143 crore with 
consolidated EBITDA margins of 12% and the net profit after tax stood at INR 45 crore, 
which grew by 80% Y-o-Y. 
 
                                                         Now let me take you through some of the key highlights across our three business 
verticals. Starting with the Real Estate business, in Q1 FY'23, the real estate market was 
stable in line with seasonal trends and although the repo rates were increased twice 
during the quarter to bring it to 4.9%, home loans remain largely affordable. On a broad 
level sustained infrastructure investments increased connectivity and better job 
opportunities in the metropolitan cities have pushed the real estate demand throughout 
the country, buyer confidence remained positive due to stable overall economic scenario. 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
                                                         The relaxation in restrictions after the short-lived Omicron wave in early 2022, along 
with significantly improved vaccination rates have also uplifted the commercial sector. 
For the quarter under review, the revenue for this segment stood at INR 33 crore, sales 
for the quarter were INR 434 crore as against INR 45 crore in the same quarter of the 
previous financial year. Collections for the quarter stood at INR 135 crore with a growth 
rate of 179% Y-o-Y. 
 
                                                         As you may all be aware recently in February 2022, we launched our Birla Niyaara 
project and within less than 6 months, we have achieved sales of almost INR 1,600 crore 
or about 58% of the launched inventory. We saw sustained sales at all of our already 
launched projects, namely Birla Niyaara at Worli; Birla Vanya at Kalyan; Birla Alokya 
and Birla Tisya at Bengaluru, underscoring the strong customer confidence in our brand 
and the product. 
 
                                                         The construction work is at full swing at all these projects with strong focus on safety, 
quality, and timely delivery. I am happy to inform you that we have completed a total of 
more than 10 million safe man hours at all our under-construction projects. We also 
implemented robotic process automation in procurement, lead management and customer 
centricity processes, which will reduce turnaround time of tasks, reduce errors, and 
improve overall customer experience. 
 
                                                         Overall India's real estate sector outlook remains positive backed by residential upcycle 
buoyed by high absorption and low inventory scenario, sustained demand momentum and 
ongoing consolidation trends. We are in a prime position to ride with upcycle, with our 
best-in-class governance standards and access to institutional funding. 
 
                                                         Now moving on to the Pulp & Paper segment. Although demand revival continued in the 
first quarter of the financial year, rising input costs continued to put pressure on margins. 
For the quarter we achieved a production of 116,394 metric tons with an overall capacity 
utilization, at 97% with sales volumes of 107,655 metric tons. In quarter 1 of FY'23, our 
net sales grew by 49% Y-o-Y to INR 857 crore driven by higher volumes and better net 
sales realizations, while EBITDA grew by 40% to INR 134 crore with EBITDA margin 
of 15.6%. 
 
                                                         Average net sales realization trend has shown consistent increase quarter-on-quarter 
primarily due to rising input costs like coal, wood and imported pulp. Multiple price 
increases were taken across product categories to balance increased input cost pressures 
due to which our average realizations improved by 15.4% versus quarter 4 of FY'22. 
Demand for writing and printing paper was low in the month of April and May due to 
seasonal holidays in education sector, but it picked up in June due to the government 
tenders in the market. From 1st July onwards, Central Government's decision to put a 
complete ban on single use plastic products has increased the demand and market size for 
cup stock and grade paper. 
 
                                                         The Tissue segment continued to witness improved demand due to opening of tissue 
consumption centers. We added in our list of traditional export markets, Spain and for 
this quarter, major part of the volumes came from export demand. New tissue plant, that 
is TM-7, is still under stabilization. Demand for board was good but started softening in 
June mainly due to slowdown in pharma and FMCG sectors.  
 
                                                        Globally post slowdown of COVID-19 impact, paper and paper products demand as well 
as its consumption started improving. Therefore, this segment short- and medium-term 
market conditions look positive. 
 
                                                         Now moving on to the Textile division, I would like to request Mr. R. K. Dalmia, who is 
the Senior President of Century Textiles and the Whole Time Director of the company to 
give the key performance highlights. Over to you Mr. Dalmia. 
 
R. K. Dalmia: 
Thank you, Mr. Laddha. Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. For the first quarter of 
financial year 2023, the business performance was better as compared to the first quarter 
of financial year '22, as regard to production, sales, sales turnover and although 
invariably high input cost kept margins low.  

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
                                                        On sales grew by 31% year-on-year to INR 268 crore, while the EBITDA stood at INR 1 
crore. In apparel fabrics overall demand was good in domestic and international market. 
However, the cost remained inflated due to high cotton cost, high cost of power and steel, 
etc, which has affected the margins. In Bed Linen segment, our main market is U.S., 
which is going through tough time because of high inflation and consumer confidences at 
very low level. In addition to it the stocks got piled up due to delayed logistic and high 
booking in the last year by brands, as a result, the market as a whole is experiencing a 
low demand and it will take few months for them to come out from the current situation. 
 
                                                        To resolve this situation, we have started exploring other international markets, further in 
domestic markets last quarter, we launched the Hill & Glade line of home textile products 
range in Retail segment. We are receiving good response for our products by dealers and 
customers. There is a lot of market uncertainty, which is expected to normalize by H2 of 
financial year '23. Our focus is on cost effective and innovative development. Thank you. 
Now I hand over and call back to Mr. Laddha. 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Dalmia. Friends, lastly, let me highlight to you on the various 
environment, social and governance that is ESG initiatives undertaken during the quarter. 
In our Real Estate division, we completed our submission for obtaining an assessment by 
GRESB, that is Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark which scores and 
benchmarks ESG data. This will help benchmark and showcase our commitment to the 
environment internationally. On the social front, during the IPL season, we increased our 
interactions with our customers through our customer engagement event, titled as Predict 
and Win. And we also had an event Lose to Win, which is an initiative to improve 
employee fitness. In the Paper division, we did some interesting work on the ESG front 
like collection of about 54 metric tons of fallen pine tree leaves called as Perul, which has 
high chances of causing wildfire during the summer season, which would be used as a 
fuel in our boilers. 
 
 
In Haldwani, we built 12 catchment area with total capacity of 2.3 crore liters, which 
initially will recharge the ground water reserves. And when needed it may even serve as a 
source of water for wildlife. We also renovated a government primary school at 
Bindukhatta, which includes repair of building and boundary wall paintings, etc. And we 
set up four hand pumps in the same region to provide safe drinking water to the nearly 
150 residents. 
 
 
Under our Textile division, we scored 90.2% in recent Higg Index audit for Facility 
Environment Module 2021, which is the highest score in our journey of Higg Index 
implementation. This index will empower our business to make meaningful 
improvements that protect the wellbeing of factory worker, local communities, and the 
environment. 
 
 
On the social front, we organized women's health and hygiene camp in Fulwadi and 
Talodra Villages nearby Birla Century plant to spread awareness about women's health 
and hygiene among tribal women and the nearby villages. This initiative involved 
distributing sanitary napkins to around 1,400 women in these villages. And lastly, on the 
governance front, we have received our new certification, FT-USA towards social 
responsibility. This fairtrade certification will serve the Home Textile business segment 
related to U.S. market for customers like Macy’s, Williams Sonoma.  
 
 
In conclusion, we are proud to start this year on a strong footing, despite the macro 
headwind. The focus remains on managing the inflationary input cost scenarios. 
 
                                                        With that, we can now open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you 
very much.   
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead.   
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So, sir, my first question is on the real estate. So almost all of the projects in Gurgaon, 
Kalyan substantially sold out, but we didn't see any launch of new phases in these two 
projects. So what's the company's thought process here? Are you planning to launch new 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
phases here and in this, or you are planning in second half of this year, just trying to 
understand how you're going to go about it?   
 
KT Jithendran: 
Hi, Biplab. Thank you for your question. Yes, so we were actually planning to launch 
new phase in Kalyan and a new phase in NCR for Birla Navya. What happened was that 
because of the delay in approvals, etc, that got delayed. However, we did launch Kalyan. 
Now we have launched, the last phase of Kalyan, which is in the pre-launch stage right 
now, market warming is happening. In Navya, we are still awaiting the RERA clearance, 
in NCR it takes huge amount of time. So, we are quite confident that when it gets 
launched, we'll do very well. We got part RERA for a small portion, the other portion 
we're expecting the RERA clearance to come any moment now. As soon as we get this, 
we will be launching that phase fully. So, I'm pretty confident that this quarter we will be 
launching the Navya phase and Kalyan also we will be showing some traction because of 
the launch of the last phase.   
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay. Sir, so basically Kalyan you have done pre-launch, right? Or you have formally 
launch? 
 
KT Jithendran:  
Yes, premarket warming, this channel partner warming up, etc. That is started. We have 
all the approvals we have started in full swing. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
And just one more thing on this, on real estate.  Sir, have you finalize a contractor for 
Worli? 
 
KT Jithendran:  
Yes. We have finalized a contractor for Worli now. We have given the contract to 
Leighton from Australia. They're going to be the structural contractor. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Thank you, sir. Now one question on paper. So, we have seen demand improvement in 
terms of sales value, and the realization in overall paper business. But if you compare the 
quarterly numbers, last three quarters with this quarter, the sales volume is down. And so, 
anything to read into it, or am I reading it correctly? The sales volume is down. Your 
sales value is up, your realization up, your margins are also going up. So how to read into 
it? 
 
Snehal Shah:  
Basically, what has happened is from this financial year, we have changed the basis of 
sale from earlier when we used to do X factory, we have changed it to FOR basis. So 
earlier when we used to record the sales as it happens, now we have to record the sales 
based on the receipt of material at the customer's site. So therefore, just for this quarter, 
because of that difference, we have not been able to take cognizance of sales of roughly 
around INR 25 crore to INR 30 crore and on which our roughly margin would've been 
about INR 4 crore to INR 6 crore. But then from next quarter onwards, it'll get 
regularized, because then it'll fall into a proper cycle. So, since it is the first quarter, when 
we have made the change, there has been a little understatement of the sales because of 
that. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So basically, you're saying sales volume also increased? 
 
Snehal Shah:  
Yes. Sales volume has actually gone down, primarily because we had certain 
breakdowns, our production was a little lower, that is why, if you see, we have not been 
able to achieve the same capacity utilization that we did in the last quarter of previous 
financial year. So, we had certain breakdowns, so there was a lower production and hence 
there was a little lower volumes. But I think because of the higher NSR we could record 
almost closer to the sales figure.  
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay. Sir, last final question on this, is it possible to go back to more than 20% EBITDA 
in paper in this financial year? 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Kaul sahab, you want to take that answer? 
 
J. C. Laddha:  
I will just take that.  I think for the current year, as the input costs are very high, 
definitely it'll be difficult, but will be around that little less than 20%. So, we hope to 
catch up to almost 18% by this year end. 
 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Dutta from Minerva India. Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Dutta: 
As of now, how much of Century's BCTMP sourcing is imported and how much of it is 
produced in-house? 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Kaul sahib, you want to take that? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
We do not make any BCTMP pulp in Century, so whatever we consume is 100% 
imported. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Raj Nahar from Mili Consultants. Please go ahead. 
 
Raj Nahar:  
My question is, how is the current market scenario of paper? Because we seen that there 
is a two, three price increase in July already taken, but that can take care of cost increase. 
Now coal cost is also coming down, caustic-soda price is also coming down. So, if you 
can highlight what is our current export utilization? 
 
Vijay Kaul:  
No at present, the coal cost will come down only after about a month or so, because they 
just announced something, but whatever stocks you have, you have to consume that, 
which at a higher price. And the cost and all that, the reduction has been very minimal. 
Not much. But yes, I presume that in months to come, it may go down. But as on today, 
the costs are there and the demand is okay, but cost pressure is still there. So, I think after 
a month or two, it may ease out a little bit. 
 
Raj Nahar:  
What is the current price, if it is possible to highlight the current price? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Current price, we make different, different varieties, so there are different, different 
prices for different, different varieties. So, I don't have all the prices with me here at 
present. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ajit from Nirzar Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Ajit Darda:  
Sir my question is, what is the power and fuel cost for the Paper segment?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. Power and fuel cost is almost about 20%. 
 
Ajit Darda:  
20% of what, sir? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
20% of the total price of the paper. 
 
Ajit Darda:  
Total sales value of the paper. Is it? 
   
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. 
 
Ajit Darda:  
And what is the quantity of imported pulp, sir?  
 
Vijay Kaul: 
That is about 15%, 20%, depending upon the type of pulp we use,   
 
Ajit Darda:  
Sir, just wanted to confirm one thing, this power and fuel is 20% of the sale.  
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, to what extent is our paper unit integrated? And how much reliance do we have on 
bought out pulp? And second, your comments on the supply scenario in paper and your 
expectation on the pricing of paper? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, we produce 80% to 85% of pulp in-house. And around 15% to 20%, depending upon 
the type of paper we make. We import that. And over a period of time, maybe within the 
next 6 months, this import may come down to around 15%, only. So, 5% we will 
improve our efficiency in the pulp mill, so that we can get about on a consistent basis 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
about 85%. So that would be our endeavor to do that. Sorry, what is your second 
question? 
 
Pritesh Chheda:  
Sir, my second question was the supply scenario in paper and your comments on the 
incremental pricing that you see in the paper market? 
 
Vijay Kaul:  
No, you see, the incremental prices are due to the cost push. It has nothing to do with 
anything else because we cannot absorb all the costs. We have been absorbing, but we 
have to pass on certain costs to the customers. And the scenario is okay at the moment, 
there is no problem of the demand, but the moment we go beyond a particular price limit, 
there would be pressure on the substitutions. So, we have to keep that in mind while 
doing our pricing, 
 
Pritesh Chheda:  
There were a lot of capacity closures globally. So, they continue to be the same that you 
mentioned? 
 
Vijay Kaul:  
Yes. At present Europe is not in the right condition because lot of factories are closed and 
some factories have taken an annual shutdown keeping in view that they have a problem 
at present, so they may reopen maybe after September or so. 
 
Pritesh Chheda:  
And when is our next capacity expansion lined up? We had some capacity to be added, 
right? So, when it's coming and what does it take your total capacity to?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, our total capacity as on today is around 0.5 million ton of all the varieties put 
together. So gradually we are doing certain investments during this year. And maybe by 
next year we would be another 25,000, 30,000 tons higher than what it is this year. 
   
J. C. Laddha: 
Just to add to what Mr. Kaul said on the pricing. If we see Q-on-Q, the price increase has 
been 14% as compared to the last quarter. And if we see Y-o-Y, the price increase has 
been 33%. So, for example, in quarter, 1 of FY'23, the average price of all our verticals, 
paperboard, tissue, pulp, etc, has been 77,358. In the last year if you see Y-o-Y it was 
58,255 only. And even from the last quarter it has gone up from 68,131 to about 77,358, 
roughly. So, this is helping us to cover the increase in the input cost to some extent, but 
yes, there's a limitation in the market. And one has to really constantly watch and take a 
call. 
 
Pritesh Chheda:  
Sir, you are able to take these pricing because of the fact that there is supply tightness as 
well, right? So, until the supply tightness continues, your ability to take price hike would 
exist. Is that a fair way to look at it? 
 
J. C. Laddha:  
Partly you're right. Partly depends on the input cost as well.  So, one has to see the market 
conditions and take a call. 
 
Pritesh Chheda:  
So, when you're guiding for 18% margin towards the year-end, obviously you're 
assuming that if there is some reduction in the raw material cost, some of it will keep. 
Some of it you'll keep through in your numbers for the margin to expand. 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Right. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So, sir, one question is on the stabilizations of new tissue plant. So, it has been ready for 
some time. So, when do we expect it to be become operational? And I just missed on the 
CapEx part in paper. Just could you highlight on that also?  
 
Vijay Kaul:  
Yes. Regarding the tissue plant, it is already in operation, but, it has not achieved its 
100% capacity because of the COVID they could not come till April this year because 
they had so many people who were under the COVID problem. So now they have come, 
they have taken one trial, they have taken another trial also. So, they will be coming for 
the third trial shortly. And after that the capacity will go up, sir. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
And by another 2, 3 months it'll be fully operational, sir? 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. I think in this quarter, it will get sorted out and from next quarter that is October 
onwards. We should be able to operate on a full capacity. 
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay. And you had a plan for new CapEx. I just missed what you state before. So, when 
would you be adding more CapEx in this financial year in the Paper business? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, no. We already have certain CapExs which is being improved. Our two paper lines, 
paper line number 3 and 4. We are already improving that, and the capacity will 
sometime during the third quarter will increase by another 20,000 tons or so.  
 
J. C. Laddha: 
So just to add, yes, I mean the CapEx for the year will be in the range of about INR 100 
crore, INR 150 crore which is partly carry forward projects, which have to be completed 
and some amount for debottlenecking, etc. So, it'll be in that range.   
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And my second question is to KT. KT I just missed it, so contractor for Worli you 
mentioned structural engineers. So, is it the same with civil construction contractor?   
 
J. C. Laddha:  
Yes, I think, Biplab you didn't hear me properly, it's not structural engineer. I said the 
structural contract, contract for the structure, which means the core and shell, civil 
contract.   
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My bad. The name of the contractor? 
 
J. C. Laddha:  
Leighton is international company based out of Australia. They're doing pretty good work 
in India. They've done a lot of work for DLF and Reliance, etc. It's a very well-known 
company, so we have given the contract to them.   
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parin Gala from SageOne. Please go ahead. 
 
Parin Gala: 
My question is to K.T. sir. Sir in the earlier calls, you mentioned a couple of times that 
once we cross the 50% booking mark for Niyaara, we start preparing for our Phase 2. So, 
sir now what is the thought process over there?   
 
K. T. Jithendran: 
Thank you, Parin. So, we have sold roughly about 60%, and now we are in the process of 
planning for Phase 2 or Tower B basically. We have started based on customer feedback, 
etc, we are making some alterations on design, etc. So, I think, the entire process of 
design, then submission, then approvals, in the next fiscal, we should be ready to launch 
Tower B. We're quite excited about that, I think fully in the planning stage.   
 
Parin Gala: 
And sir, again, on a multiple occasion we've discussed about signing new JDAs or JDs 
and things like that. Sir, we always say, we have a lot of deals. So, are we looking at new 
geographies and what kind of deals are there on the table where we can see some 
conclusion happening? 
 
K. T. Jithendran:  
Parin, I think the top-most on our agenda right now priority is on signing new deals. I 
think the brand and the company has huge potential for growth in today's real estate 
scenario that has been demonstrated pretty well in all the markets that we have 
established our presence and we have launched our projects. So, we are very keenly 
looking at projects in Mumbai, NCR, Bangalore, deepening our presence in each of these 
markets. Lots of deals are currently in discussion. Once it is concluded, we'll be very 
happy to disclose that. We are also looking at expanding and building our footprint in 
Pune. So, these are the major markets we are currently looking at. Opportunistically, we 
can look at markets like Hyderabad, which has got potential, which has been doing well 
in the last one or two years has been a huge surge because of the back of commercial 
demand there. So opportunistically, prime properties in that location also, we are sort of 
exploring. But otherwise, largely the market will already present. We are planning to 
deepen our presence and Pune, which is always a very established market. So, these are 
the markets where we are very actively scouting for the right kind of projects. 
   
Parin Gala:  
Great, sir. And sir lastly from me, just couple of months back that mala fide, newspaper 
articles which came in, is it behind us or something is happening over there? Or anything 
further has happened either from the other party or from our side, or is it now behind us? 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
K. T. Jithendran:  
I would like to presume that's behind us, we have taken legal action against such things. 
So, it has been quiet, of course, as we all know, it has been absolutely unreasonable and, 
you know, totally frivolous. We have never tried to develop any of the part, which is 
under dispute, which is always stand, always we have made it very clear. We have also 
given a very clear clarity on that to a newspaper ad. Also, we have given them legal 
notice. 
 
                                                         So, we haven't heard from that quite some time. Luckily for us, it didn't create any 
damage. The market had already known about it and therefore, the sales continues to be 
doing strong and I would like to believe that's behind us, but I don't know, they may 
again sort of try to, because this is so frivolous and so very unpredictable people. So, I 
really can't say that we've seen the last of it, but for some time I think it has been totally 
quiet.   
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ishrat Khatri from Omkara Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Sir, I had a few questions on the Paper segment. Just wanted to know how much are we 
exporting in papers, because I see the realization jump Q-on-Q for paper export is about 
25%, 26%. So, is it primarily because we exported more tissue, which has higher 
realizations or in general how's the export demand? 
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, the demand for export is reasonable, but around our total capacity of about 40,000 
tons per month sale, around 10% to 15% maximum, in fact, minimum 10% and 
sometimes maximum 15% is our export. We don't export more than that because we want 
to practically serve the domestic market.   
 
Ishrat Khatri: 
And sir, this has been the trend? I mean historically it was around this range or has it 
increased?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, no. It is more or less the same. It has not increased. Maybe as I told you in some 
months, maybe 1% or 2% higher than the 10% in some months, around 10% like that it is 
going on. 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
So just to add, what Mr. Kaul has said that total exports, I'm talking about total, not only 
of tissue, for quarter 1 of FY'23 was over 12,000 metric tons. And the previous quarter 
was higher in this around 18,335 metric tons. If we talk about Y-o-Y, this was 22,552 in 
the quarter 1 of FY'22. So, it all depends mainly based on realization, based on the 
demand in the export market and as we mentioned, our priorities to serve the domestic 
market.   
 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Right. So, sir, just wanted to understand how the realization increased very significantly. 
Is the demand very good or is it just the pass on of the raw material prices? Because 
there's been a significant jump in the realization for exports.   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes, that is basically, as I said, the input cost increases in all other, whether you take it all 
the raw materials, including the coal also for the power. So, all the raw materials have 
gone up considerably. So, the input cost increase is being passed on to the customers. 
And there's always a time lag in that. But we are still not able to pass on 100% to the 
customers and we have to price the product in a manner that it does not fall for any 
substitution of any other product by that. So that's how it is. 
 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Sir, my second question is on the margins that you all make in the paper business. So, I 
understand that Century also is integrated to the extent of about 80% when it comes to 
raw materials. And if I look at other integrated players, their margins are relatively much, 
much higher. They make about 15% to 20% kind of margins and our margins have been 
historically lower than them as well in the last, at least, 2, 3 years. And also, you 
mentioned that about 20% is the power and fuel cost. And if I look at the power and fuel 
cost for players like JK or West Coast, it's somewhere in the range of about 10% to 13%. 
So, is that the reason do we have captive power? Just wanted to understand why is there a 
differential in the margins?   
 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes, generally in the power cost, steam is very, very important factor. And the steam 
generation generally has to be coming from the recovery section. And our recovery 
section is not that high with the highest efficiencies, but we have taken a CapEx and we 
are now doing new recovery system, which will increase the efficiencies maybe from 
October, November onwards. And our power cost will come down drastically after that.   
 
Ishrat Khatri: 
Okay. So, can I expect about 14%, 15% kind of number post that?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. Approximately on that, yes. We have to still further do some tweaking here and 
there, but yes, it will reduce our power cost substantially, yes. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian Capital. Please go 
ahead.   
 
Viraj Parekh: 
I joined the call late, so pardon me just for repeating. Just wanted to understand that you 
said that this year looking at close to INR 100 crore, INR 150 crore is CapEx, now that 
there are some structural changes in industry, like the single-use plastic ban and even a 
few years back China wastepaper import ban was there. So how do we see the capacity 2 
years from now, because I'm guessing by the end of this year or you can say H1 of FY'24 
will be at peak capacity utilization. So, post that, what is it, like, do you see the export 
market to be more lucrative? Do you see the demand increasing? Can you give me some 
guidance? At What capacity or what kind of capacity expansion in 2 years, 3 years down 
the line? 
 
R. K. Dalmia: 
Laddha ji, can you take that up? 
 
J. C. Laddha: 
As of now our focus is basically to debottleneck and improve the capacity as Mr. Kaul 
mentioned earlier. It is likely to go up by 20,000, 25,000 in the short term. And of course, 
there has been a discussion to improve the capacity. So, various factors have to be 
considered and once the numbers are crystallized and once we have the firm plan that can 
be shared.   
 
Viraj Parekh: 
 Okay, sir. And second question is that, in terms of like, historically, India was a net 
exporter of paper in the past 2 years, we have become a net exporter. So in the export 
market, what is your strategy and outlook for the coming years? I mean, you mentioned 
that you're getting some competitive pricing from China and Indonesia, but as a 
percentage of total export sales, how big do you see that number going in the next 2, 3 
years?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, actually, as I said earlier, our strategy is to supply majority of the material in the 
domestic market, but sometimes certain export markets become lucrative. So, we want to 
keep our foot in that door, because you do not know, what happens at different places or 
what will happen in India for any kind of domestic demand and all that. So, we want to 
keep that foot in the door. That's why we are exporting about 10% to 15%, not more than 
that. So, we will still keep on supplying to the domestic market only. We don't want to go 
in the export market in a big way.   
 
Viraj Parekh: 
So, we'll see that number maintain for the coming year when the range is 10% to 15 %? 
  
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes. It'll be around that number. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nishith Shah from Aequitas Investments. Please go 
ahead.   
 
Nishith Shah:  
Sir, my question relates to our Packaging Board segment. So, the production here was 
lower compared to last year. So, is it because of the breakdown or because of the 
slowdown you indicated in June month?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No. In this quarter we had taken, what do you call it, is a planned shut down because we 
had to do certain modifications in the board plant to increase its capacity from 180,000 to 
200,000 tons. So, we had to take certain planned shutdowns in order to change certain 
motors and gears and whatnot, which we have done partially. We will be taking another 
shutdown sometime during the month of September to complete that process. And from 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
October, November onwards, our capacity will be around 200,000 tons per year as 
compared to 180,000 tons as on today. So that is the reason why the production is slightly 
lower.   
 
J. C. Laddha:  
Mr. Kaul has said, the board production remains in the range of 40,000 to 45,000. So, the 
current quarter had 40,300 versus last year of 46,000. And if you see Q-Q, the number of 
the last quarter was 42,700. So, then a slight reduction, not much. So, it is in the range of 
40,000 to 45,000 as of now.   
 
Nishith Shah: 
Okay. And so, you indicated there is a slowdown in June. So over here are we able to 
take on NSR hike or here also, we are lagging in terms of taking price hike compared to 
our input cost? 
   
J. C. Laddha: 
Mr. Kaul? 
   
Vijay Kaul: 
No. We have taken higher NSR, but as I said, NSR has got a limitation that so many 
people have started rather going to new kind of technology, like earlier, they were using a 
particular type of board. Now they are using the recycled boards for certain applications. 
So, we have to be very, very cautious in pricing as to it should not envisage to change the 
complete process of not having a board in their agenda. So, we are little bit cautious 
about our pricing, but yes, we have increased quite a bit.   
 
Nishith Shah:  
Okay. And sir, lastly, are the margins for the board segment better than the consolidated 
margins?   
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Yes, if you see, the board NSR, if you see the number, it is 40% higher Y-o-Y. And if we 
compared with the last quarter, it is about 13.3% higher. So as Mr. Kaul rightly 
mentioned, we have to keep various factors into mind and balance everything, including 
the increase in the input cost. So as of now, it is in the range of 84,000, 85,000, and it is 
higher than Q-o-Q as well as last year.   
 
Nishith Shah:  
Sir, my question was relating to margin. So, are the margins better than consolidated?   
 
J. C. Laddha: 
Kaul sahib, board margins?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
Yes, the board margins are definitely better than the paper margins, but over a period of 
time in the last, one or two quarters, even the paper margins have also gone up 
considerably.   
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Dutta from Minerva India. Please go ahead.  
 
Saurabh Dutta: 
Just try to follow-up on the paperboard question. With the way paperboard demand has 
been increasing. Do you expect any BCTMP production in-house or will you still 
continue importing it?   
 
Vijay Kaul: 
No, we will still continue importing it for the time being, because once we are increasing 
the capacity of our board plant, so we may think about it, but as on today we have no 
plans.   
 
Saurabh Dutta: 
Okay. And just to follow up on that, would there be some sort of a cost differential 
between in-house production and BCTMP imports and if you could quantify that cost 
difference being? 
   
Vijay Kaul: 
No, you see when we are using BCTMP pulp in board production. So, board production 
has got three, four components. One is the BCTMP hardwood. The other one is the 
BCTMP softwood. And the third thing is the normal pulp which we are producing. So 
today, the BCTMP pulp, whether it is hardwood or softwood, it is more or less I would 
say constant in the sense the percentage is constant, but the only thing what we can 
increase, or decrease is the pulp which we manufacture in-house, depending upon the 
quantity available with us. So BCTMP will not increase to that an extent as compared to 
the in-house pulp.   
 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Saurabh Dutta: 
So, you're saying that in both cost of BCTMP and the in-house production would be 
similar? 
   
Vijay Kaul:  
Yeah. 
   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Bhandari from Soham Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
   
Abhinav Bhandari:  
I have three questions on the real estate front. So, one is apart from the subsequent phase 
of Kalyan and NCR as you pointed, is there anything else which is lined up for launch in 
this fiscal?   
 
KT Jithendran: 
Thank you, Abhinav. Yes, so largely the new phase launches, largely stated from these 
two only, no other project.   
 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
Sure. Got that. And on the Niyaara side that you have sold almost 60%, just trying to 
understand on where is the pricing, what says the launch? So, I mean, have we taken any 
price hikes off late, how's this scenario now? 
   
KT Jithendran: 
We haven't yet taken any price hike, but something is clearly in the offering. I think very 
soon we'll revise the price.   
 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
Got it. Finally on the lease rentals part, we have not seen an increase here since couple of 
years, understandably because of the COVID, but this year, is there a scope for increasing 
the lease rentals, number one? And secondly, in our subsequent forays in the real estate, 
is there any plans for commercial also?   
 
KT Jithendran: 
Yes. So, Abhinav, I don't think there is any scope for increase in this year because this 
year we are at currently 90% and we have got 90% occupancy, but another 7% or 8% is 
balance, but we are in advanced talks to all of them. And there is plenty of supply in the 
South Mumbai, Worli market. So, there is a very little scope for increase this year, maybe 
in the coming year and as the demand picks up and occupant and the supplier reduces, I 
think we see a good scope for increase in place rentals. 
 
                                                         As far as foray into commercial is concerned, we are actively looking at it. I think we 
will start, we, of course have, Birla Niyaara itself, that Worli we have commercial 
opportunity of about a 1 million square feet. Maybe we'll start exploring thinking about 
that maybe now, because the cash flow from the residential has been pretty strong. So 
maybe that we also very actively now look at launching the commercial building. We 
also looking at not today, but in the future, maybe in a couple of years or so, we'll start 
looking at exploring new projects in the commercial segment also. Anyway right now, 
most of our projects spent, which is mixed used there also a commercial component in 
that. 
   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ashish from Infinity. Please go ahead.   
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Just wanted to check on this new projects, when do we expect to start booking revenues, 
especially on the Gurgaon project and the Kalyan project, which you have significantly 
advanced? 
   
KT Jithendran: 
So, Ashish, the method that we follow on accounting is on completion of phase or get the 
occupation certificate. So, starting next financial year onwards, we are expecting to give 
possession in every year. 
   
Ashish Kumar: 
Sir, what would be really helpful, sir, if you can maybe also kind of give some sense as to 
what is the cost for completion of the phase as part of your investor deck, because that 
will kind of give a sense as to where we are headed. Because what is happening is that we 
are collecting all the capital and cash and cost, but nothing is falling through the P&L. 
So, what will be helpful in that case can kind of start kind of giving some indications to 
what is the remaining cost of construction? 
   
KT Jithendran: 
We'll take a suggestion on Board and we'll study that. Yes, we’ll consider that.   
 

 
Century Textiles and Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 26, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Zaveri from Dhruv Gems. Please go 
ahead.   
 
Himanshu Zaveri:  
My question was regarding, now since in the real estate sector, we've been doing good 
sales and we’re on cusp of like INR 4,000 crore to INR 5,000 crore per year. So now is 
the right time to unlock the value and maybe demerge Birla Estates from Century 
Textiles? Is there any plan regarding in the future?   
 
Snehal Shah: 
No. Right now there is no such plan, primarily the reason being that we have substantial 
cash flow is coming in from our manufacturing business, which to a certain extent helps 
us enhance the real estate business. So, till the time, real estate business has demonstrated 
by delivering a few projects on time and proper, etc, as well as when they become sort of 
self-sufficient in terms of cash flows, probably that would be the right time for us to give 
this a thought, but at the moment there is absolutely no plan.   
 
Himanshu Zaveri:  
Okay. And regarding the new deals, just seeing the real estate market and this, but don't 
you think that we are little bit slow in finding the new kind of deals and we are now in 
the top 4 cities also. So, if you want to scale up meaningfully, then we need to sign a lot 
more new deals. Your thoughts on that? 
   
KT Jithendran: 
Yes. Himanshu, thank you for your feedback. We are very actively looking at the right 
sorts of projects in each of the cities that I earlier mentioned. It's very true that we need to 
drastically increase our presence. We are very actively looking at it. Just being a little 
cautious, make sure that we don't kind of do any mistakes there. The valuation is very 
critical as we know that land valuations are going up. But it's a very interesting stage and 
we are in discussion. So hopefully I think, I should be able to share some good news in 
the coming quarters of this fiscal. 
 
Himanshu Zaveri:  
And the new project, which we signed, when is that expected to be launched?   
 
KT Jithendran: 
That will most probably happen in the next fiscal. 
 
Himanshu Zaveri: 
And the second phase of the Birla Niyaara also in the next fiscal? 
 
KT Jithendran: 
That's right, Himanshu. 
   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Amit Srivastava for the closing comments.   
 
Amit Srivastava:  
Yes. Thank you very much, sir, for your valuable inputs and clarification, and that 
concludes this conference call for today. Thank you, participants for joining the call. 
Thank you, sir. 
   
J. C. Laddha: 
Just a minute. I would just have the closing statements. Thank you for all participating in 
this earnings con call. I hope we have been able to answer your question satisfactorily. If 
you have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please 
reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. We are very thankful to all of our 
investors who stood by us and had the confidence in the company's growth plan. And 
with this, I wish everyone a great day ahead. Thank you.   
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you.  
 
 
