(lfino 
Payments Bank
fq,1fcll 
August 1, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
(Scrip Code: 543386} 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
(Symbol: FINOPB} 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on July 28, 2022- Disclosure 
under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts on July 28, 2022 
In continuation of our letters dated July 26, 2022 and July 27, 2022 please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings call with the investors and analysts held on July 28, 2022. 
Only information available in public domain was given to the investors/analysts. 
This information is also available on the website of the Bank i.e. www.finobank.com 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
a21;
y
:b
nts Bank Limited 
; 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Encl: a/a 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
CIN Number: L65100MH2007PLC171959 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1 /F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shriwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai -
400706 I Board Line Number: 022-7104 7000 I www.finobank.com 

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Fino Payments Bank Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta 
from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you Lizaan. Good afternoon, everybody and welcome to Fino Payments Bank 
earnings call to discuss the Q1 FY2023 results. We have on the call with us today Mr. Rishi 
Gupta – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ketan Merchant – Chief 
Financial Officer, and Mr. Sayantan Mitra from the investor relations team. We must 
remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces. We now request Mr. Rishi Gupta to take us through the company’s business outlook 
and financial highlights subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you Rajat. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us today 
for our earnings call. Fino’s business model was conceptualized keeping in mind the 
problems of a common man, who does not have easy access to a neighborhood bank, who is 
unable to bank in normal banking hours and have many other constraints. Our vision was to 
provide all inclusive fintech growth to the set of people by making them not only 
comfortable with organized banking but getting them to move on to a digital banking. Over 
the years we created relevant products to service our customers. Our products like domestic 
money transfer, which is a remittance product, micro-ATM and AePS, which are cash 
withdrawal products makes banking easily accessible to the lowest rate of population and 
offers them differentiated services. These are normal banking products, which are there for 
everybody’s use on a daily basis. The growth we saw in this model gave us the confidence 
that this business model is sustainable and scalable. This is also evident from the strong 
growth we have seen since the last five years. Our merchant base has grown by eleven 
times, our four-year revenue CAGR till FY2022 was nearly 40% and have been profitable 
for more than half the time of our bank. 
While Ketan will discuss the quarterly numbers in detail I would like to take this 
opportunity to mention a few highlights for this quarter. We have delivered a very strong 
revenue growth in Q1, which is also sequentially higher than Q4 a seasonally strong quarter 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
for us. This is the first time our Q1 has been higher than Q4 in so many years. Our PAT 
grew over 3x in this quarter and this is despite the investments, which are ongoing in the 
digital business. We have achieved an all time high of throughput of more than Rs.60000 
Crores of which nearly Rs.50000 Crores plus were on non-digital side. This is also the first 
for us. Our digital impetus continues and for the Q1 FY2023 our digital constitutes nearly 
16% of our total throughput. Our strong focus on customer engagement is showing results. 
Growth in our mature and high margin products is significantly high as you can see on the 
CASA side. Our product mix is evolving and moving towards high growth and higher 
margin products like CASA and CMS, which now constitutes over 20% of our revenues. 
Our ability to cross-sell is getting standard substantially so that in Fino 2.0 we can make 
cross-sell a sustainable part of our growth story. 
Our focus is always being on profitable growth and being very competitive in our offerings, 
but we now have a very strong business with large physical presence and diversified income 
streams. We are future ready and additional investments are underway and this product will 
be rolled out in staggered manner over the next two to three quarters. There is still 
significant headroom for growth in Fino 1.0, which is our core business across product 
expected to grow at a CAGR of 25% around that level, but what really excites us is our next 
phase of growth, our digital initiatives, which will form Fino 2.0. This unique combination 
of physical and digital will elongate a secular growth period. Fino 2.0 is a natural evolution 
in the customer lifestyle journey and will enable our existing customers to move to the 
fintech value curve. My aim in long run is to take our customers from around Rs.400 to 
Rs.500 right now to Rs.1000 through our Omni channel presence and that shall cater to the 
profitability and ROE targets, which we have over the medium term period. At the same 
time our digital stack will help us target millennials a new user group, which will provide us 
with more diversified customer base and will enhance our product offerings. We believe 
that we have a strong strategic positioning in fintech base in India on account of three key 
factors. Our asset light business model, diversified product offering with good combination 
of high volumes and high margin product and having well invested technology stack, which 
gives us a unique edge by making us future ready for our next phase of growth. 
Before I hand it over to Ketan on detailed update, I would like to mention following three 
key aspects emerging for this quarter from a strategic direction perspective. Our annuity 
income, which is basically our CASA subscription, which brings predictability to our 
model, has increased 4.8 times on a year-on-year basis. Our core product of growth CMS 
has increased more than two times on year-on-year basis. Digital base is being built for 
right cross selling in FY2023-FY2024 onwards. With this I would like to hand over to 
Ketan for his comments on our financial performance. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I hope you have seen our 
presentation, which has been already uploaded. Over the next 10 minutes odd I will briefly 
talk about the performance in this quarter and also give a strategic direction how this quarter 
dovetails into a long-term plan, which we are doing. To begin with as Rishi mentioned in 
his comments we have delivered a strong revenue growth sequentially as well. To resonate 
it again what Rishi said if we go to slide #12 of our investor deck it actually clearly shows 
the trend for the past couple of years and how this momentum of Q1 stands out to be the 
best over the years. Our Q1 revenue was at Rs. 289 Crores a Y-o-Y increase of 40%. Our 
Q1 throughput at Rs. 60784 Crores has increased by 47% Y-o-Y; again this is the first 
quarter wherein we have had a non-digital throughput in excess of Rs. 50000 Crores. 
Coming to profitability on Y-o-Y basis our EBITDA has more than doubled to Rs. 24 
Crores and we delivered a quarterly PAT of Rs. 10.1 Crores, a growth of 3.3x. This we 
believe is a remarkable achievement for a young company like us because we are still in the 
client acquisition phase and investment phase and monetization is yet to come. Before I 
cover each of the business segments briefly I intend to throw some light on the operational 
highlights. 
As Rishi mentioned we are guiding you about our digital journey as part of Fino 2.0. This is 
going to be a medium term investment before business starts accruing on this new channel, 
but when we make the statement what essentially it means you would all agree that 
customer acquisition rate for Fino are on meteoric rise every quarter. This is generating 
healthy subscription and now on annuity income as well, but is the subscription income the 
only potential for the product, digital journey as part of Fino 2.0 is the answer to this. Let 
me attempt to substantiate this to you with some interesting data points emerging from 
India’s digitization story. Our overall digital throughput has grown in Q1 FY2023 by 285% 
Y-o-Y, but more interestingly it is the Real Bharat, which is timing out in this Fino 2.0 
journey. When I am saying it is Real Bharat it is about the states wherein the digitization 
journey for us has been taking an uptick. In FY2022 all Fino bank account holders from 
Bihar transferred Rs.28 billion digitally; the highest average value of digital payments per 
unique customer came in from Pondicherry followed by Telangana while most of the 
number of transactions per unique customers was in Telangana followed by Andhra 
Pradesh. None of the states having major metro cities like Maharashtra, Karnataka, Delhi, 
Tamil Nadu and other figured in the list. This just validates what I started off with basis of 
our investments towards digital in 2.0 with more used cases on the platform, we are 
confident we will be able to do more with these customers with the product suite, which we 
are planning to come on the digital as well. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Indication of increase in average deposit balances and average spends on alternate channel 
like debit cards are also very strong indicators for us in terms of customer loyalty. In fact 
the average debit card spends in Q1 FY2023 is in the knocking distance of Rs.3000 per 
transaction. This is a phenomenal growth considering the payment bank offering. It is not 
only about digital we have mentioned it of that distribution network continues to be core 
strength for us, our merchant base or distribution network continues to grow fast. The total 
merchant count has increased by 58% Y-o-Y and now our distribution point stands at 11.4 
lakhs. 
Before I cover each of the business segments I would also like to talk about digital 
investment. The investments, which we are making to build our digital stack, had started 
showing initial results. We have seen and Rishi earlier mentioned as well our digital 
throughput is now contributing 16% of the total throughput, now it is about how do we 
ensure in FY2023 and FY2024 the cross selling and upselling on this digital products. If I 
go to customer wise thing let me start off with growth products as Rishi had mentioned 
CASA. We opened 6.2 lakhs CASA account during the quarter. If we consider the footfall 
of offers transactions generated by our remittance micro-ATM, AePS and other transaction 
business the account opening will translate into a footfall conversion ratio of 2.3% that is 
the conversion ratio when the transaction business or the other banking customers come and 
transact on our merchant points 2.3% of those are converted into our account. Many 
customers transact more than once in our ecosystem and the conversion ratio will further 
improve with more customers and that is a strategy which we are working on. The account 
opening is the genesis of our customer ownership, which leads to a tremendous annuity 
income potential and also forms the base of our digital initiative. Remaining on the annuity 
income or mentioning about that, earlier Rishi also mentioned our renewal focus, renewal of 
subscription and we have grown our renewal income by 4.7 times on a Y-o-Y basis and also 
26% on a sequential basis. As we further build on more use cases this is also start 
generating various transaction base fee income for us as well. All of this has been our key 
focus area as it built customers stickiness as seen in our debit card spends, which is 
increased from Rs.835 Crores to Rs.1521 Crores and 82% growth on a year-on-year basis. 
Coming to our second growth product, which is CMS the B2B business that is also growing 
very strongly and continues to be a growth driver. The CMS ecosystem has substantially 
increased. Our strategy as I had mentioned in the earlier call is also to diversify the partners 
or diversify the industry in which we are giving CMS services. Our partners are no longer 
only financial services or NBFC and MFI we have new partners who are cab aggregators, 
OTT platforms, e-commerce players and many such customers. The data point out here is 
the throughput share from financial services partners, which was at 93% in Q1 FY2022 is 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
now in Q1 FY2023 at 60%, diversification of income in this B2B segment is key strategy of 
us and we are achieving it off. Today we have a large client base of 152 clients, which was 
at 131 a quarter back, on a Y-o-Y basis the revenue has increased by 1.6x to Rs. 21 Crores. 
There is a strong potential of cash digitization in India and this segment will continue to see 
the growth. Whilst I am talking about the growth I should also mention and this is again 
something which we have been mentioning in earlier calls as well. Margins in certain cases 
are expected to moderate and are indeed moderating. In CMS margins are moderating and 
still above 40%, but volume growth and diversified industry strategy makes us confident for 
growth and profitability here. As shown in slide 13 CASA and CMS our growth products 
and highest margin products have taken higher share of our revenue pie. In FY2021 the 
share in the revenue pie for these two products was at 12% and now it is at 21% and our 
growth strategy continues that CASA and CMS our customer acquisition spree will 
continue in line with our strategic plans. 
Going on to the next customer segment in micro-ATM and AePS the transaction business or 
the legacy products which we say, what we have done is based on the market feedbacks we 
have started showing these two segments separately, so let me just first start off with the 
AePS. Our AePS constitutes or the market size of AePS is 5 times that of a market size of 
MATM and that has shown growth on all parameters. Industry on a Y-o-Y basis for AePS 
has grown by 28% and we have grown by 40% here again margins as we had given earlier 
guidance are moderating, as our share of open banking in AePS has increased from 26% to 
40% on our own AePS channel and our own AePS channel has grown by 10% and open 
banking shares has gone up from 26% to 40%. 
Coming to micro-ATM, micro-ATM this business is seeing some headwinds and though we 
continue to be a dominant player out here it is important segment that serves entry point for 
the new customer it is about the footfall conversion, which we had mentioned earlier, 
remittance AePS and micro-ATM continues to be driving footfall, the 2.3 conversion, 
which had earlier mentioned as well, so that is our strategy. Competition intensity in the 
segment is high and margins are again moderating. Industry wise the number of micro-
ATMs has tripled in last two years, but the growth is missing over the last two to three 
quarters. Our strategy out here as I earlier mentioned is to continue to focus on this segment 
from a conversion perspective and a footfall and also to maintain margin and not go on 
fierce price competition the way it is being seen in the industry. 
Coming to the one third part of our business, which is remittance post-COVID the growth is 
stabilizing on a Y-o-Y basis we have seen a growth of 67% though on sequential basis we 
have seen a growth of 3%. For remittance it is a critical part again as we mentioned it for 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
the micro-ATM, it is the first entry point whilst the low margin product, but it essentially 
gives us access to the customer base and helps us to convert. We have strong presence in 
states where remittance are high like Gujarat, Karela, UP and Bihar. Amongst the business 
momentum continuing I also wants to put following points on the table. I have spoken about 
margins; margins currently whilst moderated from earlier quarter are higher than still over 
30%. This is a function of our strategy to take balance approach on long-term growth and 
profitability. Our endeavour continues to build a sustainable base for customer acquisition 
the point which I have retreated earlier and that too on a profitable basis and use our legacy 
transaction business to mobilize the acquisition and thereafter as Rishi said put a platform 
for cross sell. Our open banking business is growing at a faster pace; however, in the long 
run we would keep the balance between open banking and own channel in the ratio of 
33:61. 
Before I close I would like to give some insight in terms of our strategy or a mid-term 
outlook. We are attempting to deliver 20% growth in our transactions to mature business. 
This growth would also bring in operations of scale advantage to counter inflation as is 
being seen specifically in the technology and digital world. Our AePS business is showing 
much stronger growth prospects than anticipated as I had mentioned earlier. CASA CMS 
would continue to be the growth drivers and thereafter creating more cross sell and upsell 
opportunities. The digital throughput is increasing, we are investing and it is a plan for us to 
have a long-term strategy wherein Fino 2.0 would dovetail cross sell, upsell and digital 
along with the customer acquisition spree, which is currently on. With this I would like to 
open the floor for questions for me and Rishi to take. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with a question and answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The 
first question is from the line of f Sri Karthik from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Sri Karthik: 
Thank you. A couple of questions, one on the balance sheet and then one on the business, 
with respect to your balance sheet management what I was wondering is why have we been 
increasing our borrowings on the balance sheet side and especially given that there is more 
a treasury operation and an increasing rate environment has that led to a material treasury 
loss for us during the quarter those two on the balance sheet front, third question on the 
business I want to understand the renewal rate on CASA customer base? Thank you. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi, Sri Karthik, Ketan here, let me just first attempt to address the balance sheet point, you 
are right, if you see on the balance sheet side our borrowings from Rs. 249 Crores have 
gone up to Rs. 581 Crores, now again here it is nothing to do with a long-term strategic 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
borrowing, these are all overnight borrowings, which are essentially there, your second 
point and if we go to the asset side as well our investment, which was at Rs. 631 Crores has 
gone to Rs. 1102 Crores, so there is a whopping growth out there as well. On the point on 
the losses on the balance sheet which couple of other financial players are doing the answer 
to us is no whilst the repo rates and the rates overnight have gone up our treasury has had 
actually generated more profit than this thing, this is based on our position which we had 
taken last year and we continue to. The point to essentially note out here is unlike the 
traditional banks we do not have an HFT positions wherein any mark-to-market losses get 
impacted out here; however, we are making for the CASA balances, which are coming and 
if you are seeing out here as well the deposits have grown from Rs. 500 Crores to Rs. 581 
Crores a 16% growth coupled by the other EMD deposits also which we get, we are playing 
in a manner that we are net positive for this quarter and there is a stress testing analysis, 
which is done that even if the overnight rates go up to 200 basis points or 225 basis points 
further we will continue to have profit only, sorry that was on the balance sheet piece. On 
the second question you mentioned something on CASA, but it was not clear, can you 
repeat the question? 
Sri Karthik: 
I was asking one year renewal rate on the CASA customers given that you have started to 
report your renewal revenues? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So our renewal rate for CASA you are right, our renewal has gone by 4.79x in this thing, so 
we have a renewal rate, which is in excess of 50% when the customer is coming across, so 
every year when a customer comes more than 50% of the guy comes and renew it next year. 
Sri Karthik: 
Thank you. I want to come back in the queue again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Maheshwari from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Good afternoon. Three questions, first can you… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Maheshwari, your audio is breaking up. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Am I audible now? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Let us try. Mr. Maheshwari, please continue. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
I will get back in the queue. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Narula from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Narula: 
Sir, thank you for taking my questions. Sir, I have a couple of questions, many of the other 
banks are offering zero balance accounts, which are free as well, so just wanted to 
understand how do they capture more market share here then we are charging a subscription 
fee for maintaining a bank account with us and another question is what are the key 
business verticals that we have focussed that we feel would constitute for the larger share of 
revenue mix in the next two, three years and how do we plan? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Let me answer the first one, see in our case while we also offer a zero balance but we are 
not focusing on that account that much, our ability to get subscription and open more than 2 
lakhs accounts on a monthly basis consistently is testimony to the fact that there are people 
who are ready to pay, now free zero balance accounts or free accounts have a very low 
activeness and a very low transaction business and if you see our balances have gone up by 
28% from Rs. 800 odd to Rs. 1100 odd on an average basis and nearly 33% of them are 
becoming more digitally active as well, so our belief is that to get the customer activeness 
as well as to get more balances into the account it is better to price the product and the 
customer is ready to pay for it because he is able to get the convenience and the easy 
accessibility, which is there, in our case because we are right there at his house, he does not 
do travel, he saves a lot of time and the cost to travel and do a business at a bank branch, so 
that is where he feels it is a better option, but one also should know that while some of them 
maybe zero balance account, but there are still charges which bank levies for various other 
transactions, non-branch and non-base branch charges and other charges, which also are in 
the similar range, so while there are no upfront charges but bank typically add and put some 
charges into the account over a period of time, so that is your answer to question number 
one, question number two, Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you Rishi. On the question number two if I understood it right what you wanted to 
know is what would be the growth drivers in the mid-term coming across, so I will just 
resonate what I ended my transcript with, we are expecting our legacy business or 
transaction business or the matured products to grow anywhere in the range of 20%, the 
growth driver essentially would be the customer acquisition just to resonate what Rishi said 
and your first question was, for us customer acquisition is a profitable product, the 
subscription thing which we are running it off. As we speak CASA and if I go to slide #17 
of my presentation a 57% margin is where I get on customer acquisition, if I give some 
statistics how is the momentum on a year-on-year basis our customer acquisition accounts 
open have increased by 80%, that is the kind of growth, which we are seeing on a Y-o-Y 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
basis. The other engine of growth is also a CMS, CMS has a margin of around 40%, so the 
CASA and CMS, the growth drivers which now constitute 21% a year back in FY2021 
ending it was 12% will continue to be our growth drivers on profitability for the next couple 
of years. It is not only this, as I said earlier the digital stack and the new products which we 
are bringing on whether it is international remittance and we have got couple of approvals 
in terms of the mutual fund distribution and so on as well from RBI with this customer 
acquisition we intend to put a plan on the digital as well as our physical channels wherein 
we have a impact coming on our bottomline as well, so to summarize CASA, CMS key 
growth drivers and the base for the future FY2023-FY2024 cross sell, legacy or matured 
products expected to grow at 20% and the new products international remittance mutual 
fund will start contributing from FY2023-FY2024 as well in terms of cross sell. 
Anuj Narula: 
It is very helpful, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandrasekhar Sridhar from Fidelity. 
Please go ahead. 
C. Sridhar: 
Good afternoon, just I think one of the bigger purposes of also doing the CASA over a time 
is that you want to have the share of owners transactions being a little higher than where we 
are, I get the fact that they are still very small just in terms of number of accounts with the 
whole system, but at some point we see some inflection point where the share of owners 
starts picking up relatively because right now the offers are still growing larger and I agree 
that the system is still much larger than where we are, so offers will still go, but if you had 
to say look you know maybe two years out or something is there some point at which this 
starts changing? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Interesting question Chandra, good afternoon. My share on this is that if I look at the 
forward or if I look at the way we have been building our business taking you back a couple 
of years when we started the business we used to do half our volume of transactions and 
two years back also and now we are at Rs. 60000 Crores number on a quarterly basis, 
having said that our number of accounts we used to barely open 30000 to 40000 accounts, 
in last to last year we were averaging about one lakh, this last year we averaged at about 
1.75, this year we are already at 2 lakhs plus on a monthly basis and hopefully the numbers 
will go up. If I look at the next couple of years if I add the run rate which is there I think we 
will cross a Crore number of accounts in the next one-and-a-half to two years maybe earlier 
also if we maintain the same run rate and it will grow from here as well, so the share of our 
CASA accounts and the income percentage will go up considerably if you look at, it is now 
hovering around 14% used to be in the single digit, low single digit couple of years back, so 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
if I look at from overall revenue perspective our owners business or customer acquiring 
business will continue to grow, having said that because the fact that we are also expanding 
our merchant network, we are also pushing people to come to our platform, if I look at that 
is the hopper we have, in that hopper the more the people come a part of that percentage 
roughly around 2%, which Ketan mentioned gets converted into CASA. While CASA is 
there let me also share some numbers in one of our slides we have mentioned that when a 
person comes to us and offers transaction we make about Rs.55 to Rs.65 on an average per 
annum, it moves to Rs.370 and we open subscription subaccount for him. We have seen in 
the last one year because of the debit card transactions, the offers transactions onto the 
platform, the balances which is keeping the money which I get on NASH and other 
activities I make roughly about Rs.100 on an account on an average basis, so Rs. 370 
becomes Rs. 470 and on that in the next one year on an average basis plus I am able to cross 
sell to him, so your question is for us we will continue to push on the offers, our share of 
CASA percentage will continue to grow, we are seeing a good momentum in that and we 
are now also linked to many more states and nearly 89% of our customers are primary 
customers, they are seeded with the government schemes and other benefits, which is also 
resulting in a higher honest transaction as well as higher renewal accounts, so on an overall 
basis while we are not tracking on us whether it will overtake offers, but percentage wise, 
growth wise, margin wise and the cross sell benefits which we see and to add the digital 
overlay over it we are seeing a very positive trend on the customer acquiring business, 
which we have started couple of years back and I think that will continue to be there as the 
way I look at, the market is quite big on that. 
C. Sridhar: 
I guess the broader question was that given there is pricing pressure and the pricing pressure 
seems being a function of A. competition and B. of the share of offers growing up 
obviously it is just more margin beneficial from you, but fair enough, second question is 
just what and where maybe you could start sharing some metrics, what is the number of our 
own merchants who are doing more than one product and how many doing maybe three 
products? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Chandra, Ketan here, we shall try and put it across from the next presentation. 
C. Sridhar: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have three questions broadly, I think I heard you say 
that you will want to change the remittance mix between own and API channel to 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
something like that 30:70 ratio now that kind of mix you guys used to have back in FY2019 
way back before the COVID even started, so how would you go about it, this basically 
means you will be pushing more of your own channel because you cannot really stop 
business coming on the API channel and I just want to understand that part of the business, 
this is first, secondly on the CASA account opening, clearly the trend has been very strong 
and many congratulations on that, so I just wanted a couple of quarters back you had 
mentioned that you will be able to reach one Crore CASA accounts by like say FY2024 or 
something like that, do you think we will be able to surpass that now given the run rate that 
you have already achieved in this year that is my second, and the last question really is on 
the cross-sell products, apart from us knowing that the businesses will be operational in the 
second half of this year so you can give us a little more colour around which will be the 
product that will get launched first, what kind of successes have you seen in the pilot 
programs that will be useful, those are my three questions? Thank you. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thanks Shreya. Let me just take your first question first, this is the open banking versus 
own, you are right, I will throw the attention on slide #24 wherein we have given data of 
how it was in Q1 FY2022 and how it is in Q1 FY2023, just a minor point to put across, it 
was not only remittance what I have essentially said off is that between on all the products 
whether it is micro-ATM, AePS, and remittance the transaction products taken together our 
endeavour has been to put a ratio of 33 and 67 that is the number. Currently we are off 
because you are right the open banking essentially has grown faster, open banking has 
grown faster on account of two aspects, one is if I do a year-on-year comparison remittance, 
which is a generally dominant part of open banking there was a recovery growth, which was 
happening, the COVID had impacted phase one and phase two, the only product which had 
impacted, which was dominant in open banking was remittance so it has been a remittance 
recovery, on an overall basis if we see remittance has grown on a year-on-year basis by 
67% and API being the strong partner that is how it is skewed. Second aspect wherein to 
give a more strategic outlook in terms of how do we eventually come to our desired matrix 
between own banking and open banking, yes, we are attempting to have a larger share in 
terms of the transaction business as well, so we are not controlling the open banking, that 
will come as it comes, but definitely the focus essentially is on the acquisition of the new 
distribution points and enhancing business on our own site specifically in AePS, which for 
ourselves where the market growth is essentially there; however, we also have to look at it 
in a slightly non-typical matrix basis as well because besides the margin being high for own 
banking it also gives us a very high potential for the conversion as well, so own banking we 
will grow, we are looking at a weighted average kind of a growth in these transaction 
products in the range of 20%, own banking we are giving more impetus in terms of the 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
distribution network and in a long run our ratio between own and this thing continues to be 
67:33 and currently we are a bit off from that so that is your first question. 
Ketan Merchant: 
On the CASA side you are absolutely right looking at the traction, which is there currently 
in our platform on opening account, I will go with you in terms of that we should cross 
more than one Crore CASA account by end of FY2024. On the cross sell part question I 
think on the cross sell only international remittance is something which we have started to 
pilot that too at a branch level, it is in a learning phase right now for us, for IR business 
there are a lot of compliance requirements and the regulatory compulsions, which have to 
be completed first, so hopefully in Q2 two end or Q3 beginning we should see our 
international remittance being launched at the merchant level that is where we will see a 
higher traction coming onto the platform. As far as other products are concerned digital 
insurance is something which we started with Go Digit and that has shown a good traction 
shopkeepers insurance have seen a good traction, I think in the first month we opened more 
than 5000 insurance in the month of June, we expect that the run rate will continue to be 
good. Loan referral we had seen a good traction on loan referral as well. On an average now 
if I look at from a customer point of view if I add all the products there are a couple of more 
products which are expected to be launched over the next six months to one year in fact 
there are about six, seven of them, we expect our customer share to go up, we did some 
analysis and we found roughly about Rs.20 odd we are making per account on cross sell 
already in this quarter, so that is a good healthy growth, which we have seen, hopefully by 
more push and by more going digital we should be able to increase that percentage as well. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Can I ask another question on the Digital Gold, is it in a pilot phase right now or it is 
yet to be tested as well? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Sorry, actually I did not want to, it was more Digit Insurance that in Digital Gold, Digital 
Gold we have started in a small bit, but nothing major as of now if you ask me on that side, 
it is more as an investment product, but as we gain more traction on the digital side then we 
should start seeing more uplift on the Digital Gold as an investment product. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it, like you mentioned in the next six months to one year you plan to launch 6 to 7 new 
products this includes remittance and insurance is already out there, this includes your loan 
products right? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Loan products, mutual fund products, insurance also, a couple of new products which we 
have launched, then we also got approval from Reserve Bank on fixed deposits and Demat 
accounts, even PAN cards, so all those will be there. The idea is to make merchant have 
many products and service the customer who comes for multiple requirements whether 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
financial or related to some of the non-financial basis like PAN and Demat and other pieces, 
so the idea is to make all of that available at the merchants, so we see a higher traction, 
higher footfall and ability to have a higher income per account. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it and one more question from my side, the pilot programs for these products before 
you launch, what is the time period usually for those pilot programs to run it for two to 
three months or something like that? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Roughly three to four months is something which we looked at for products especially 
which are on high like IR is a very high compliance product you understand because of the 
AML and all the factors which have to be factored in as far as international remittance is 
concerned, we will probably test it for a longer period of time and then launch it, but some 
products which are not that complex like digit insurance which we started on shopkeepers 
within two months I think we were able to launch it, so it depends upon product-to-product 
and the complexities which are there and also the APIs which we have with the partners. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir, good afternoon and congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, just two questions, one is 
sort of clarification on the notes to account part we have mentioned the employee benefit 
under this section of code of security, so what is that and what kind of accounting impact 
we see on P&L because of this? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi, Renish Ketan here. Last year we had issued from the motivation of the staff perspective 
the ESOP for all the key management staff has been given off, so that is the note which you 
are referring to, the impact of that on an annualized basis to the P&L is around 6 Crores that 
is based on the calculation including the Black-Scholes method and the RBI regulations 
which come through and this is being given to a set of employees, the key set of employees 
or the core set of employees in terms of driving the function and the organization to the next 
level. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. Sir, secondly on this investment side we did mention about we are going to invest 
behind sort of building this 2.0 version, so what kind of annual investment we are planning 
and does this will have any impact on let us say our earlier assessed profit for FY2023-
FY2024? 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thanks Renish for that question, we should go back to our primary proceeds, we have 
raised somewhere around Rs. 300 Crores and whilst it is for augmenting Tier-1 capital our 
thought process around was that there is a digital and technology initiative where we want 
to be ahead of the curve and wherein our target audience before they reach completely out 
there in the digital space we want to ensure that they have customer trust loyalty and the 
other aspect so that they continue and also we can have cross sell. In regards to your pointed 
question in terms of how does this essentially impact the profitability, I think we have 
started investing, most of this investment would essentially be in the capex nature and we 
building stacks, we building solutions which will be there. I want to essentially put a 
number that how much of this via the depreciation line or via the amortization line will 
come through, the answer is no, we have started making a plan in terms of how do we over 
next 18 to 24 months utilize somewhere in the range of around Rs. 150 Crores to Rs. 180 
Crores in terms of the technology and digital initiatives that impact on this year’s P&L will 
depend upon how fast these tax are born, for us the accretion of the real benefit of digital as 
I said earlier we have started taking in FY2023 and FY2024 as well so maybe over a period 
of time it will be; however, just to conclude in this particular point and it is very important 
with what Rishi started off with in long run it will be the ROE target which we have set 
ourselves at the time of the public launch and otherwise is what you are looking at, it will 
also be a balanced approach in terms of profitability and growth, but we will not shy away 
from making capital investment in this field so that 2023-2024, 2024-2025 onwards we can 
start getting benefits coming to it. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it, Sir. Again just a followup on this, so maybe this Rs.150 Crores to Rs. 180 Crores 
whatever way we spend either it will flow through depreciation in that case the impact will 
be a little prolong and if you do it via opex it will be a front ended? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, it depends upon the nature of this thing which we are doing, but again things we are 
attempting to build a robust digital platform the capex agreement to this is expected to be in 
the higher proportion if that is the question which you are looking at. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it, Sir and just a last thing on the gross margin side, so we are at 30% now okay, now 
considering all the cross sell, upsell or maybe the benefits which we going to derive from 
this digital initiative where should one look at it as a steady state margin for our kind of a 
business? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, that is a very good one and if you recollect the last call and in the way I started off by 
this time transcript as well we had mentioned that when it was around 32% we are looking 
at 30% kind of a thing, I should be very honest out here that in this particular quarter I was 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
not expecting that it will go to 30%, I was looking at a largely or slightly moderate kind of 
margin compression which is happening. Having said that based on the kind of the product 
mix which has changed the remittance, the AePS increase in open banking it is indeed taken 
us to 30%. We are looking at a margin from here on to be in range bound this also resonates 
with earlier question perhaps Shreya asked how are we going to balance open banking and 
our own banking our own channel, so we are putting an additional impetus in terms of our 
own channel, the CASA and CMS, which are growth drivers maybe I am repeating this 
again at a 57% and a 40% margin will also play its part in the weighted average margin so 
to broadly look it, how will margin shape up from here, our endeavour is to keep it range 
bound in the current where we are. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it, Sir, sorry just the last thing on the micro-ATM side, since this has been our one of 
the high margin product and sort of look at it on Y-o-Y basis our margins or let it be the 
revenue is declined by almost 40% to 50% and I think that is a primary reason why our 
PAT stands at 10 Crores let us say it should have been higher if we would have maintained 
the micro-ATM share in the overall business, so particularly I can understand this is a hook 
up product for us wherein at a later stage will cross sell and upsell, but considering this is 
one of the high margin product without cross sell and upsell we are making 40% to 50% 
margin, so why cannot we sort of focus on scaling up this product and sort of maintain in 
the range bound of around let us say 15% to 20% of the total revenue versus where it is 
currently 10% and then our focus on cross sell and upsell, just your broad thoughts will be 
helpful? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Renish thanks I think you are right, micro-ATM over last three quarters is not shaping out 
the way it is, AePS in fact is shaping out, now we are also ourselves in terms of last call 
also we had mentioned that we are essentially grappling because you are right, micro-ATM 
on a standalone basis gives a margin of around 45% to 46% is what you are seeing it off. 
Currently in the emerging Bharat in the state which I essentially mentioned and honestly we 
do not know it is a post-COVID phenomena or how is it working of, the device is which are 
essentially happening is tripled in the last two years I have mentioned it in my transcript but 
the industry wise growth or our growth does not seem to be coming out here, how are we 
attempting to tackle it off, have we only considered it as a hook product the answer 
essentially is no, we are still endeavoring on a combined basis we have a kind of a 20% odd 
growth coming from there, but as we essentially standout here we are exploring 
opportunities, can we go into the other target segment as well when the micro-ATM was at 
its peak we should try and put it more in terms of our urban audience as well where 
currently it is more of a rural phenomena. Our sales team and our products team are 
working in terms of the revival of this product, I would not say revival, revival is a very 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
strong product, revival of the growth anticipated in this more so because Aadhaar enabled 
Payment System is growing, so the demand for overall cash withdrawal is there. As we 
speak currently do we have a very concrete step that how we will change it off we are 
working on this and maybe it will require a quarter or two more in terms of to reassess that 
do we need to completely change. One point I want to mention out here is that we are 
maintaining the margin out here unlike competition, there is intense competition people are 
attempting to give devices without any fees, etc., etc., we have not gone completely into 
that, so we are maintaining the margin, we are attempting new ways in terms of bundling 
and we see over the next two quarters how is this going to plan out for us including the new 
target segment which I just mentioned. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it Sir. This is very, very helpful. Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Reliance General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Ashish Kumar 
from Infinity Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my question, Rishi and Ketan. Great show on the revenue growth. My 
question was around the gross margins basically I am just following up from the last 
speaker do we see that the margins given the fact that the product mix is changing in a 
manner where the margins are kind of going down do you see a risk that the gross margin 
may slip to mid 20s or go below 30%? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Ashish thanks. I will try and reframe what I was mentioning to Renish earlier that the 
product mix, yes, they have changed, there were a couple of logical reason which I 
explained as well that remittance being a dominant for open banking that has grown, earlier 
we did not have material AePS are happening in open banking that is growing, but if your 
question is very pointed that are we looking at 20s kind of a margin is that something which 
is what we are looking at, the answer is essentially no. We are looking at margin being 
range bound from here on and not to forget the growth drivers which we have mean 
emphasizing it off is that both CASA and CMS those are high margin products in the range 
of 57% and even more in the time of renewal and 40% in CASA, so we are expecting a 
range bound margin, which is happening and eventually as we said our product mix 
between open banking and own, we are looking at 67:33, which I had earlier given guidance 
as well. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure, the second question was in relation to your investments that you are making because 
if I look at below the gross margin line right there is a very little movement quarter-on-
quarter in terms of the pillars of gross margin line and are most of our investments in the 
form of capex or are we looking at opex kind of a thing and I will tell you where I am 
coming from, given the fact that given the competitive dynamics we are closer to let us say 
30% gross margin it might mean that if we are looking at increasing investments over the 
next couple of quarters it might mean that we might be looking at low teens kind of ROE 
over the next two, three quarters, is that a fair way to look at it? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Ashish, again a good point and you are right, our base capital maybe around six months 
back we are making our plans and we had also mentioned that this capital will take us 
through next couple of years and more in terms of our plans, so our investments in 
technology and digital are in the conceptualizing or the implementation phase and which 
will start happening over next couple of quarters and more. As regards to your point on 
opex and capex I mentioned it earlier most of these tax which we are making or the 
platform which we are making are to generate revenue for future, which will be coming 
earlier from 2023-2024 onwards, so most of this would end up being capex. Having said 
that we are no different from the rest of the technology industry or fintech bank wherein we 
are also seeing some spurge in terms of the technology inflation, which is coming to us 
specifically on the technology opex cost side as well, so primarily on the capex side 
technology inflation is hitting us, but we are expecting it to control it off and we also expect 
on a gradual basis, on a balanced approach between profitability and growth. On your 
question of ROE I think ROE is something, which we had mentioned it at the time of the 
public issue, we are looking at anything in the range of 20% plus over a long-term period or 
over a mid-to-long-term period and we are working towards that into a balanced approach 
on profitability and volume growth. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure and just to kind of if I can push my luck with the third question, on the borrowings and 
the investments that we have done you mentioned that we are making a positive 
contribution on that so on that Rs. 500 Crores book what would be the kind of profitability 
that we will be looking at that piece? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, on the treasury side currently our income for the quarter was anywhere in the range of 
around Rs. 17 Crores, we are making a good spread and this is what I said despite the 
repricing of the rates, which has happened, the way our book is also positioned it off is that 
we are having a repricing in this quarter as well, so every time there is a rate hike 
anticipation, our book is in residually six months and nine months tenure and part of it is 
repriced so overall we intend to continue our borrowing, so I do not want to put essentially 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
a forward looking number on the treasury piece given how the interest rate goes, but as I 
said we have a cushion or the sensitivity analysis of anywhere in the range of 225 basis 
points wherein our spread will continue to be super positive and this is even without the 
repricing with the kind of repricing book which we are looking at even the sensitivity 
analysis of the interest rates up will further increase as well. 
Ashish Kumar: 
No, I think that is really good, I just try to understand that if we were to remove the net 
treasury income from the book then probably our core business probably made a marginal 
profit? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, we have to look at it in two aspects, I would say that because the major part of our 
treasury income is also coming from the deposit growth, if you have seen that on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, sequential basis our deposits or the CASA deposits have increased by 
17%, so this is how we are deploying it essentially, so whilst we are not a balance sheet 
focus based for the reasons and the statistics which we explained in terms of how our debit 
card spends are increasing, how our customer balances are increasing it off, we are having a 
benefit and a substantial or a reasonable benefit coming on account of our business growth 
as well. Also the point to note out here, which does not come on the phase of the balance 
sheet as well because of the payment bank designation which we have, in addition to this 
Rs. 580 Crores of deposit which is shown, we also have around Rs. 250 Crores odd of EMD 
balances which are there and which are by the virtue of regulation need to be classified 
under a separate heading that also is available for us in terms of deployment and both of 
these is connected to business, one is connected to the customer acquisition 80% growth 
which you have seen, the other one is connected to the 58% acquisition on the merchants to 
distribution network which we have seen. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Right. I think that kind of helps and wish you all the best as you build out 2.0. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Randhawa from Reaves Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Good afternoon gentlemen. My first question was around the cyclicality element that I have 
observed actually on the slide 12 of the presentation so maybe could you please elaborate 
on the cyclicality element, another question that I had was around the employee expenses 
there is a 20% increase sequentially, so maybe could you please elaborate on that as well as 
to what contributed to that and are there any nonrecurring components within this, which 
would not be contributing in the upcoming quarters and last question that I have was I think 
your press release talks about some kind of a moderation in the onboarding fee so could you 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
please let me know what is the average CASA onboarding fee right now and maybe how 
much has it come by and maybe what do you expect the trend to be? Thank you. 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on the first part on the cyclicality you are right, first quarter normally has been always 
low for us because a lot of people actually specially all kind of migrant people they go back 
to their homes for crop and other purposes, so that is where we see the cash withdrawal as 
well as the remittance business normally drops, this year while they still could have been 
higher compared to a normal quarter, but Q1 still has cyclicality, which we are able to 
overcome by our expansion which we did in the last year or so, so starting July, August 
when people come back actually they come back from a month of June onwards, so April, 
May we have seen relatively low numbers and then it starts to build up during the year, if 
we look at our past two, three years of trends also you will see starting from middle of 
quarter to till Q3, Q4 that has been a major growth months for us. As far as employee 
expenses may be Ketan can answer. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thanks Rishi. On the employee expenses I think two points to make out here, may be a 
reiteration of what I said earlier to one of the questions, yes, we have started the ESOP 
scheme expect from 2021 policy, which we had done, so there is an impact which is coming 
essentially out of that. The two other aspects which we are seeing is also the kind of growth 
which we are seeing, we overall have 150 odd people team inhouse technology team which 
is there and I should actually confess it off that the technology cost or the technology people 
cost and here I am saying technology is also the high flying digital guys as well are really 
going off the roof, so we are essentially having some challenges not be the industry as a 
whole is also having challenges in terms of technology, our understanding is that this kind 
of a thing may remain or maybe the overall funding in the space is reducing it also some 
sort of a moderation or some sort of a base bench which will come through, so this is a 
normal thing which we are essentially looking at on a year-on-year basis the 20% kind of 
the growth and the answer to that is, no. We are working on overall inflation based matrix 
as well, so we are balancing between rewarding our good employees and the profitability as 
well, so depending upon how the market goes specifically in technology and digital we will 
be having a moderation coming out there. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Moderation on onboarding in the press release? I could not figure what you are referring to. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
So, in the press release basically it is stated that subscription and on-boarding revenue have 
kind of continued to raise a strong momentum 68% despite moderation in onboarding, so 
my question was when we are talking about moderation in onboarding phase how much has 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
it moderated by, what is the current average onboarding fee and how much has it come 
down by? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Let me attempt to put this across what we were trying to and which is also in the face of our 
presentation as well that the kind of impetus which our renewals we have shown and I had 
given some statistics and data of 4.7 times growing on a Y-o-Y basis, what we were trying 
to say out here is whilst the account opening momentum is excellent we have opened 6.2 
lakhs account this quarter which vis-à-vis is a 6.7 lakhs account last quarter, so that is where 
our new subscription account the onboarding fees which we are saying is moderated off and 
against our growth plans in terms of new subscription is also equally very aggressive, I have 
said we have grown 80% on a year-on-year basis so what we were trying to say out here is 
despite a lower or relatively marginal drop in terms of the new accounts which is open on 
subscriptions for onboarded fees our renewal income the way we are going or the annuity 
income has completely compensated that, but I think from a directional and a guidance 
perspective new accounts opening momentum we are putting a lot of effort and innovative 
manners in which we can continue our aggressive or a super aggressive customer 
acquisition spree. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Sure, thank you. Sir, I just have a couple of followup questions actually on the basis of your 
answers, so has the ESOP cost been entirely say kind of may be considered in this quarter 
employee expenses or is it going to be amortized over all the four quarters? 
Ketan Merchant: 
On an overall basis the ESOP cost as I said earlier it will be on overall four quarters basis 
this is what we are looking at. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Sure, thank you and I think when you spoke about the cyclicality element I think would it 
be fair to say that okay the cyclicality element would also be present in the account 
openings as well and maybe as we proceed throughout the year the account opening goes up 
due to the cyclicality element? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, absolutely you are right, we should expect in fact if I say between April, May, June, 
we saw that April numbers were lower, but it kind of started to recover from May and June, 
so we should see higher in this quarter and onwards. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Thank you and just maybe squeeze in a couple of more questions, I think you also spoke 
about the digital expenses actually and your press release again wherein there are some 
digital spend investment that have been done, otherwise the PAT would have been higher 
by 30%, so again should I expect this to be something which would continue for reminder 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
of the quarters this incremental digital spends or again is this kind of a nonrecurring thing 
for now? 
Ketan Merchant: 
No, I think as I said earlier we are going to invest and digital spends will essentially 
continue as well, so it is nonrecurring kind of a thing, it is a recurring spend, which we are 
essentially looking at, it also depends upon as I earlier mentioned it off the kind of 
platforms and how are we splitting it between the opex and capex, currently the large part of 
it is essentially coming on account of the team on the technology and digital side which we 
are putting. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Thanks and second is on the merchant side actually, so what percentage of merchants are 
active right now and what initiatives do we take maybe activate nonactive merchants, how 
much time does it take for the newly onboarded merchants to maybe start contributing 
meaningfully and I think the last one is on the Paysprint acquisition how is that going 
actually in terms of have you already started benefiting from them, have you started 
integrating their APIs into our Fino 2.0 application and maybe going ahead what are the 
plans? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on the first question on the merchant side we roughly see about 50% to 60% merchants 
who are active on a monthly basis and the numbers keep on varying, the same merchant 
may be active this month, may not be active next month, the average roughly about 50% to 
60% of the merchants are active, multiple things we do, one is that we have a field force, 
which is there are on the ground, which engages with the merchants and the distributors, we 
have our own platforms on a chat board where we can engage with them, we also have IVR 
calling system, we have a big call center both inbound and onboard which is there where we 
engage with the merchants on a regular basis, and we have a big analytics team which keeps 
on giving us data in terms of who should we expect will iterate in this month, whose 
volumes will come down, come up, so there is a lot of engagements both digitally and 
physically with the merchant on a regular basis that is why you will see that the volumes are 
growing and the merchants expansion is also growing because of the physical as well as the 
digital nature of our engagement with them. 
Ketan Merchant: 
On the strategic investment of Paysprint that is not a short-term phenomena, we have our 
long-term vision in terms of increasing our network and increasing our footfall and thereby 
having the higher customer acquisition so this is the first quarter out there, so we are 
looking at a more strategic kind of partnership and the benefits of that will start accreting to 
us maybe from Q3 ending or Q4. 
Hitesh Randhawa: 
Sure thanks very much. Thank you and all the best. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thanks for taking my question again, just a last technical bit this new products even the 
international remittance, the income is flowing to the other line item right from second half 
of FY2023 or in FY2024 because till now that line only includes interest income and maybe 
some other charges, is that correct? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, there will be a separate line item wherein it will start coming through, once it becomes 
a material kind of thing. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, effectively from second half of FY2023 we should expect some revenue in that line 
right if you are launching the product in the next two quarters which are in international 
remittance? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, that is how it will be once it picks up the momentum as Rishi said with the lead period 
we have already done it on the branch this quarter we will do it in terms of merchant and 
maybe Q3 ending or Q4 this can be having a reasonable impact on the bottomline coming 
through in terms of the new product which comes. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you everyone for participating. It has been a very rewarding quarter for us if you see 
from the topline point of view, sequentially we have grown on an annual basis also we grew 
by 40%, we expect profits to continue to grow from here Q1 normally is a lower profit 
quarter for us every year, we should expect profit growth as well as topline growth from the 
Q2 onwards onset. The market is big, our CASA, CMS and some of the products have 
started to show a lot of traction, ownership story and the implementation of that has been 
very, very good. We expect as more and more customers get onboarded into the Fino 
platform we will be over a period of time not only increase as stickiness and activeness with 
the merchant and the customer, but will also result in higher cross sell and higher digital 
influence with the customer over a period of time and thank you everyone with this. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you everyone. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
July 28, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
