JSL/n \ 
JINDAL 
2nd August, 2022 
BSE Limited 
I 
st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
# 022 - 2272 3121, 2037, 2041, 
3719, 2039, 2272 2061 
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Security Code No.: 532508 
Kind Attn. Listing Section 
STAINLESS 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/ 1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051 
# 022 -2659 8237, 8238, 8347, 8348 
cmlist@nse.co.in SL 
Security Code No.: JSL 
Subject: Transcript of Earning call held on 28 th July, 2022 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 read 
with Schedule Ill of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended ("SEBI Listing Regulations"). 
Dear Sirs, 
This is further to our letter dated 26th July, 2022 w.r.t. the QI FY 23 Earning Call intimation for the 
financial results with the investors and analysts. 
In terms of the provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the above said Earning Call. The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at the 
following weblink: 
https://www. jslsla in less.com/corporate-announcements/ 
You are requested to take the above information on record 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jindal Stainles 
Enclosed as above 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
CIN: L26922HR1980PLC010901 
Gurugram Office: Stainless Centre, Plot No.- 50, Sector - 32, Gurugram - 122001 
T: +91 124 449 4100 E: info@jindalstainless.com Website: www.jindalstainless.com, www.jslstainless.com 
Registered Office: O.P. Jindal Marg, Hisar - 125005 (Haryana) India 
Corporate Office: Jindal Centre, 12 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110066, India 
T: +91 011-26188345, 41462000, 61462000 F: +9111 41659169 

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited and  
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               
                   
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ABHYUDAY JINDAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, JSL & JSHL 
MR. ANURAG MANTRI – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, JSL 
MR. JAGMOHAN SOOD – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, JSHL 
MR. RAMNIK GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, JSHL 
MR. GOUTAM CHAKRABORTY – HEAD IR 
MS. SHREYA SHARMA – IR TEAM  
 
MODERATOR:          MR. RAJESH MAJUMDAR - BATLIVALA & KARANI    
                                             SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
                                            
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jindal Steel and Jindal Steel Hisar 
Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
 
And I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from Batlivala & Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
  
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome on behalf of B&K Securities to the earnings 
call of JSL and JSHL. We are represented today by Mr. Abhyuday Jindal, Managing 
Director, JSL and JSHL; Mr. Anurag Mantri, Group CFO Jindal Stainless Limited; 
Mr. Jagmohan Sood, Whole-Time Director JSHL; Mr. Ramnik Gupta, CFO JSHL; 
and Mr. Goutam Chakraborty and Ms. Shreya Sharma from the IR team.  
 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Goutam Chakraborty now for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Goutam. 
   
Goutam Chakraborty:  
Thanks, Rajesh, and welcome everyone. We'll begin this call with the brief opening 
remarks by the management and following which, we’ll be having the forum open for 
the question-and-answer session. However, I would like to state that, some of these 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature. And the disclaimer 
in this regard is available in our result presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhyuday Jindal for his opening remarks. 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
Thank you, Goutam, and good afternoon to everybody. Hope you all are keeping well 
and are in good health. On behalf of the management team, let me welcome you all to 
the earnings call for Q1 FY'23 of Jindal Stainless and Jindal Stainless Hisar Limited. 
I will first share the key highlights of the quarter gone by, following which Anurag 
will take you through our operational and financial performance. 
   
Q1 FY'23 has been challenging with many issues coming together, having direct and 
indirect impacts on our performance. First, it was ongoing the Russian-Ukraine war, 
which got extended and intensified. This has had significant impact on the global 
commodity prices, which saw very high volatility, sharp rise in energy prices resulted 
into inflationary pressure and tightening of liquidity as well. 
 
Finally, despite influx of stainless steel imports in India and having very different 
market dynamics, the government imposed 15% export duty on stainless steel also 
along with carbon steel.  
 
The domestic stainless steel industry faced a double whammy during Q1 FY'23, a 
continuous free flow of unwarranted stainless steel from China and Indonesia resulted 
in the share of imports rising to nearly 50%. On the other hand, 70% to 80% of our 
export product portfolio got impacted due to imposition of 15% export duty by the 
Government of India. 
 
During Q1 FY'23, the combined export stood at 22%, which was lower than 26% 
clocked in the previous quarter. However, it remained higher at again 70% in Q1 
FY'22 with SPD exports registered a 375 sales growth on a year-on-year basis. Despite 
the external factors, our business agility operational management, financial prudence 
and focused approach helped us to pose reasonable performance for Q1 FY'23. We 
continue to serve the domestic and international markets by widening our value added 
stainless steel product portfolio. We have catered to a robust stainless steel demand 
from key domestic sectors like automobiles, metro, railways, coaches and wagons. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
In fact, in case of automobiles, we have increased by 40% on a sequential basis. 
Demand from metro sector continues to be steady with major national metro projects 
in the pipeline. Our in-house wing evolved improves stainless steel grades and finishes 
for the lift and elevator and auto segments. Additionally, we have further enhanced 
our digitization initiatives like product and MTC authentication for existing and end 
customers, online order booking and online payment portals. 
 
Continuing with the development, I'm pleased to share that we have supplied our most 
cost effective and superior stainless steel for various infrastructure projects, such as 
Jindal Durasafe for India second and third stainless steel foot-over-bridge at 
Srikakulam and Andhra Pradesh and Bhayandar in Greater Mumbai. We are also 
supplying stainless steel for developing technologically advanced and state-of-the-art 
train sets for India's first Regional Rapid Transit System. 
 
I am also happy to share with you that we are proud suppliers of stainless steel for 
construction of the Udhampur-Srinagar-Baramulla Railway Link tunnel project with 
its national importance. This will be the first ever application of stainless steel cable 
trays in the Indian Railway project and we see many more opportunities in this sector. 
 
Let me now update you on the value accretive and critical acquisitions. JSL is going 
to acquire Jindal United Steel Limited as a wholly-owned subsidiary further enhancing 
its stainless steel manufacturing integration with all critical facilities now under one 
umbrella. This would result in improved synergies between both the entities preferred 
governance structure, thereby enhancing value for all our stakeholders. Further details 
in this regard will be shared by Anurag later. 
 
Our focused approach to reduce our carbon footprint continues. On building a roadmap 
to achieve our ESG and decarbonization goals, EY has been appointed as a partner. 
During Q1 FY'23, we continued to engage in green initiatives as part of our operational 
excellence projects. In Hisar, we’re also set to install a green hydrogen plant. Through 
these ventures we will be able to conserve power and reduce its carbon emissions 
considerably 
 
 With this, I would like to hand over to Anurag to discuss the operational and financial 
performance. Thank you. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Thank you, Abhyuday. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome on the call 
today. We have shared the earning presentation with stock exchanges and today's call 
discussion will be on the same lines. As Abhyuday mentioned earlier, the quarter 
encountered with unforeseen macroeconomic challenges that impacted the overall 
performance of Indian stainless steel industry as a whole. However, our focused 
approach on niche product development and agile project mix helped us partly steer 
through these challenges and report a reasonable performance for the quarter. Our 
focus on ART and ABC segments have augured well as we could increase our share 
of business in automobile sector. 
 
Coaches, wagons and metro segments of Indian Railway have been doing well and 
looking promising in the future as well. Going forward, we are committed to develop 
a strong stainless steel ecosystem in the country by focusing an awareness, skill 
development, new product development and identification of sustainable applications 
for stainless steel. Our focus remains on the development of special grid for the critical 
applications. 
 
Let me now come to our operational and financial performance during the quarter. On 
a year-on-year basis, the pro forma combined revenue for Q1 FY'23, rose by 31% on 
year-on-year basis, INR 2,815 crore. EBITDA impact for the same period stood at 
INR 832 crore and INR 475 crore, respectively. As far as our performance of the 
subsidiaries are concerned, the combined EBITDA grew 50% on year-on-year basis 
to INR 87 crore in Q1 FY'23, despite many challenges. 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Raw material prices continue to be highly volatile during the quarter. due to the 
ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and also the macroeconomic issues as well. After 
initial surge in the prices fell on account of unwinding of a speculative position 
increased control on the supply chain by government across the world to fight 
inflation. De-accelerating the Chinese economy due to the renewed COVID 
lockdowns and softening of logistic imbalances. 
 
At the end of Q1 FY'23, our pro forma combined entity net debt stood at INR 3,513 
crore, down by 26% as against the March '20 level. As we have been saying, we have 
been able to maintain our leverage ratios efficiently, despite disruptions. For the 
combined entity while the debt equity stood at 0.4x, the debt EBITDA remains at 0.8x. 
Interest cost for the combined entity declined by 10% year-on-year basis on account 
of a lower interest rate. For both companies, the credit rating for long-term facilities 
at AA minus and for short-term facilities at A plus are maintained. 
 
On the merger update, let me intimate you that the post approval of shareholders and 
creditors of JSL and JSHL on April 23, 2022, the honorable NCLT has fixed the next 
date of hearing is 18 October, 2022. And we expect the process to be completed in due 
time over next four to five months. As Abhyuday mentioned earlier, JSL is going to 
acquire JUSL, Jindal United Steel Limited, which is a hot strip mill and cold roll unit. 
The proposed acquisition of 74% stake in JUSL shall be made at an aggregate 
consideration of INR 958 crore. The acquisition would be done in one or more tranches 
by June 30, 2023, subject to requisite approvals. JUSL has been operating the hot strip 
mill with its total capacity being enhanced to 3.6 million ton per annum. JUSL is also 
operating a cold roll mill with the facility of 4.2 million ton per annum for stainless 
steel applications. 
 
We have been focusing on our core strength to mitigate various challenges. We believe 
that our strategic initiatives will be augmenting our performance in the long term, once 
the environment normalized. 
 
With this, I would like to end my discussion and would request the moderator to open 
the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions the first one essentially is on volumes. So if I look at 
volumes understandably, I mean this quarter it was down. So would you be revisiting 
your volume guidance for FY'23? And the related question on this is, are you also 
contemplating delaying the 1 million ton expansion at Jajpur in view of regulatory 
uncertainties that persist at this point in time? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
So Amit, thank you for your question. First, in terms of volume guidance we feel that, 
I mean despite all the challenges as compared to last year, this year we should do about 
5% to 10% less in volumes and in terms of, if you're saying our expansion that is 
happening, I think we will keep it on track, but maybe the ramp up we can slow down 
depending on the market conditions and these regulatory challenges. So if they get 
removed then we can increase the speed of ramp up. If we still see challenges 
pertaining export duties still remaining, then we can slow down the ramp up speed. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So Amit because our expansion as you see was targeted to end in this financial year. 
So it's almost at the last end of the completion. And most of the costs are already 
committed and now we are doubling and I think overall, because there is no point in 
further delaying it because it's eventually we hope that situation will further improve. 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
Yes, we don't expect export duty to be there for very long. So we are happy to continue 
our expansion process. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Amit Dixit: 
Great. The second question is essentially on JUSL. Now you mentioned that, I was 
under the impression that JUSL already has a rolling capacity of 3.2 million tons per 
annum, I mean we are using 1.6 because of our own stuff. So in order to expand it to 
3.6, first of all how much CapEx would be needed? And if you could let us know your 
CapEx estimate I mean in light of a lot of things that have happened for this year and 
maybe next year? That would be very helpful. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So JUSL, the current capacity is 1.6, which is getting enhanced to 3.6 million ton, at 
a CapEx of some around INR 350 crore to INR 400 crore that's the overall CapEx, it's 
actually around INR 350 crore, so that's what the process in JUSL capacity expansion. 
Overall, your second question was on the CapEx of Jindal Stainless Limited, so if you 
recall that out of the last year INR 1,100 crore committed CapEx, we did only INR 
950 crore, so around INR 150 crore CapEx was spilling over to this financial year. 
And this financial year CapEx was also at around INR 1,100 crore, so almost INR 
1,250 crore will be there in this financial year 
 
Amit Dixit: 
The INR 350 crore to INR 400 crore is it a part of this INR 1,250 crore? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
No, INR 350 crore is not part of this. This I am talking about Jindal Steel and I talked 
about the INR 350 crore of JUSL CapEx. 
 
Amit Dixit: 
And over I mean how much period would it be spread the INR 350 crore to INR 400 
crore? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
The JUSL CapEx will be close to around 12 to 15 months. FY'23, I think because see, 
the CapEx spill over will be some of these staggered, but overall, I think by in the 
beginning of FY'24 along with the JSL capacity, it will be aligned. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Nishit Shah from Aequitas Investment. Please go ahead. 
 
Nishit Shah:  
Sir, I would like to understand, how do you see the global demand supply scenario 
now? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
See, as of now whenever the commodity prices are falling, everybody gets into a 
destocking sort of situation and that is where the whole global stainless steel market 
is at right now and this is always the nature of our industry or the business. So we 
expect maybe this quarter also prices to be falling, then Q3 onwards again there should 
be some stability and demand should also come back. 
 
Nishit Shah: 
My second question is, what is the CapEx plant for the green hydrogen plant? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
I can get back to you on that. That is I think maybe our partner would be investing and 
we would be getting into a sort of pay as we use model, but what investment we might 
have to do, that I can get back. It's not a very significant amount. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Kirtan Mehta:   
Okay. I was interested in understanding, you have listed that you faced double 
whammy both from the higher imports as well as sort of restriction on exports. Could 
you explain this situation across different product series 200, 300, 400, which one is 
more resilient and where you are seeing higher pressure? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
So the maximum pressure that we are seeing is in 200 series, that is because maximum 
dumping in 200 series is happening from China and that is where we are seeing from 
a domestic point of view from export because maximum export was in 300 series and 
with this 15% duty coming, the major impact on export has been on 300 series. Did 
that answer your question? 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Kirtan Mehta:  
Yes, that gives a good insight. And what are the steps that you can take to sort of 
restrict the volume decline to only 5% to 10% of the year? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So there are multiple things as with the mention in the call, in opening remarks. There 
are a few sectors in domestic market which we continue to focus was automobile and 
railways specifically which continue to show good demand which railway includes all 
throughout the metro, coaches, wagons, as well as the rail infrastructure, foot-over-
bridges. So there is a good traction on the railway side where we will continue to focus. 
Automobile side is also showing a good traction. So these two segment, which are 
more quality based and certain approval restriction-based segments, where we will 
continue to focus. 
 
Some of the special product divisions in Hisar, which obviously will continue to be on 
the more dominated by export market and which will continue to pursue all these 
segments. So it's a combination and the 400 series also in the mix which will continue 
to increase in the various segment applications. So with the combination of multiple 
things, we will have overall maintaining these type of volumes in the entity. 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
And if ask from a market standpoint of view, there is a capability or market available 
for us to meet 100% of our capacity, but we don't want to drop our margins, because 
what will happen then is, we have to significantly drop our margins to get that extra 
market share. So that is as a strategy, we would not like to do that, it also spoils the 
whole market, sentiments in the market. So looking at that we're going to take a 5%, 
10% reduction in volume and not spoil the market and like we mentioned many times, 
that if this export duty is removed than this volume gap can also be reduced. 
 
Kirtan Mehta:  
Right. In terms of sort of also understanding on the export market what level of exports 
could continue while the export duty still remains separately in sort of the parent 
company as well as Hisar? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
So if we were doing almost, let's say, 20,000 to 25,000 on average last year or 25,000 
last year, we feel that at least between 12,000 to 15,000 we should still be able to 
export with these duties being there. 
 
Kirtan Mehta:  
 
 
For these stainless or combined together? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
                Stainless steel. 
 
Kirtan Mehta:  
 
 
The entity JSS plus JSSH or is it only for the parent entity? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
                 Yes, both combined together. 
 
Kirtan Mehta:  
And in terms of the price decline, how are you seeing the trends from June to July? 
Are you seeing any signs of stabilization market or this will continue through the 
quarter? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
The price in stainless steel is also a function of underlying raw material prices, it's not 
like straight-forward like a steel business. So typically underlying raw material prices 
when it comes down the price actually goes down and commensurate with that because 
eventually it's a pass-through mechanism with the time lag. So it all depends largely 
on the external and underlying commodity prices one is that. Second is that, overall, 
our realization will also be a combination of the product mix depending on the export, 
how the export we do SPD as well as in terms of the various segments. So because 
300, 200, 400 series, obviously, the realization price are very different due to the 
different underlying raw materials. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashish from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Ashish Kejriwal:  
Sir my question is on JUSL acquisition. After this acquisition, what kind of savings in 
the sense of conversion margins we can expect from there? 
  
Anurag Mantri: 
So typically, Ashish, there would be improvement in our overall margins with the 
JUSL because of the integrated play. So we will probably update the guidance. Right 
now we are maintaining our guidance of 18,000 per ton on a standalone basis and once 
we complete this transaction depending on the market condition, we will just update 
our guidance appropriately. 
 
Ashish Kejriwal:  
So, sir, what we are trying to look at is what kind of converging margins we are paying 
to JUSL right now in order to convert that slab into HRC and then coming back to it, 
at least we will save that. So what is the current status on that maybe in future we'll do 
that. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So basically that margin is also an underlying combination of the underlying fuel 
prices also for them. So it ranges between, say, even to an extent say INR 3,000 crore 
to INR 5,500 crore, INR 500 per ton range on an average, that's what the trend is that. 
But it's also a function of the underlying energy prices for them. 
 
Ashish Kejriwal:  
Understood. And second is, is it possible to share what kind of margins are or are we 
making enough margins in the export market and assuming that export duty remains 
then also we are maintaining our EBITDA pertain guidance of 18,000 to 20,000 or 
will there be any change in that? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
So export duty remains just holding on to our EBITDA guidance of 18,000 to 20,000. 
In terms of margin export, Europe with this 15% duties definitely margins are under 
pressure and it is not viable to sell, but in the U.S. market, we still see good margins 
there. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
And the special product division is out of the duty of less than 600, so that actually 
continues as it is. 
 
Ashish Kejriwal:  
So you are saying, in U.S. even after paying 15% expo duty, our margins are good? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
                Yes. 
 
Ashish Kejriwal:  
Okay. and lastly, sir, in your interaction with the government bodies, obviously, any 
sense you are getting for removal of this export duty or we are still on the same page 
as we are in June? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
There is no commitment or clarification that they are giving, but from whatever we 
are hearing the impact that had to be created has already happened. Stainless steel 
prices significantly come down, world is under anyway looking towards recession or 
downward pressure. So feeling is that another couple of months they should remove 
it, but there is no commitment from their side that I can convey. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit Mitra:  
Now since you have announced the intention to acquire JUSL. Can you also start 
sharing the volume and the EBITDA that you did in this quarter and the net debt at the 
end of this quarter in JUSL? That’s question number one. Question number two is that, 
this year in JSL, you committed to do almost INR 1,450 crore of CapEx, additionally 
I think, I don't know when this INR 958 crore will flow out, but add to that the net that 
that is going to come through on account of JSL acquisition, any other inorganic 
acquisition that you have to do. So what kind of net debt profile you are looking at by 
the end of the year? These are the two questions which I have. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Abhijit, your voice was not very clear, but let me just try to summarize I think your 
two question which I understood correctly. One is, the last question was the net debt 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
situation at the end of this financial year considering this JUSL payout as well as 
you've mentioned about CapEx you mentioned about. 
 
Abhijit Mitra:  
The CapEx of INR 1,450 crore that you are doing in JSL plus JUSL. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
JSL CapEx is not INR 1,450 crore, actually JSL CapEx if you recall, we always said 
that it will be FY'22 and FY'23, the payout of the CapEx will be INR 1,100 crore in 
each financial year. So that's exactly the number which is there in JSL CapEx side. 
The JUSL payout will depend on the approval process and it may be in tranches 
because we may go depending on the cash flow side of us, we will be probably in one 
or more tranches or maybe I mean two tranches or three tranches depending on how 
we progresses on that. And by June 2023 is which are expected to be completed. 
 
Abhijit Mitra:  
Okay. And the numbers of JUSL if you can share for this quarter and the net debt 
which is outstanding there at the end of the quarter? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
The JUSL debt is INR 2,050 crore. The JUSL basically the numbers will be on the 
basis of the tolling volumes which we go. So as I told you that, one is that stainless 
steel tolling which is get done for JSL in that entity and the margins I just shared in 
the call. And then also there is a cold roll businesses separately in that also, which is 
again the stainless steel cold roll, it's in line with the whatever JSL margins remains 
on an average side. And on that top of it, whatever carbon is still on and off tolling 
which they keep doing for various outside carbon steel players. 
 
So it's always varies with that. I think the expected run rate if I remove with our 2 
million ton capacity reaching JSL, their EBITDA would be probably in the range of 
only on tolling itself will be close to INR 800 crore to INR 1,000 crore range. And 
cold roll is separate, 0.2 million ton cold roll is on top of it and the carbon is still tolling 
which they can continue to do with the outside entities will be separate. 
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Right. And so essentially the enterprise value that you have arrived that is INR 3,340 
crore, right? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So there were multiple things were there in the independent valuation, so when we 
took our opinions on this, so obviously one was the DCF because they are doing the 
capacity expansions similar asset if you see, typically the industry standard for putting 
HSM which lot of carbon steel player are right now doing is around typically $180 to 
$200 per ton is the CapEx cost. So put all together I think with 3.6 million ton capacity 
is, basically that number I already shared with you. So depending on the valuation 
method you can see the numbers. 
 
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Ritwik Seth from ONE-Off Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
 
 
Yes. Sir, what was the production number for Q1 for both the entities? 
 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
                 Production was lower compared to Q4 last year. 
 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
Ritwik. Production number was around 423,000. Typically the sales number which we 
monitor. There is also expected shutdown in Q2 accordingly the production we 
continue to maintain. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Right. So my next question was that, So we're looking at about 5% to 10% reduction 
in sales volume. So should we expect a moderate production for FY'23, so that we 
don't pile up on inventory, is that a fair assessment? 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Anurag Mantri:  
Yes, that's the idea. There is no plan of increasing inventory in the anticipation, and 
that's what our business model is that we continue to monitor our underlying 
inventories across the entire supply chain, raw material WIP and FG and within the 
range so that at least even the commodity volatility doesn't get us to that extent and it 
is a pass-through model also as a conversion process. So we will continue to maintain 
the same strategy. 
 
Ritwik Shah: 
Sir my next question is on, did we have any kind of inventory hit in the quarter because 
of higher nickel prices? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
See inventory positive or negative inventory evaluation is a normal phenomenon in 
this type of conversion business because when the raw material prices goes high, you 
typically see the positive evaluation and when it comes down, you see a negative 
evaluations happening, but it's on a long term basis it's average out in the 12 to 15 
months’ time. So in this quarter, the beginning we saw a huge surge in nickel prices 
and it came down, so it's a process, it's built up in the integrated manner in the EBITDA 
margin. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Okay. And fair to assume that there could be some further hit in Q2 as well because 
where the current spot nickel prices are at the end of June? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
See, if you assume there would be a downward, I think answer is, yes, but frankly, we 
know we don't know. 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
Nickel has been really volatile if you see with whatever is happening across the globe, 
if it continues in a downward movement, but nickel as you see has been hovering 
between $20,000 to $22,000 per ton. So it totally depends on how nickel market 
moves. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Sure. And my last two questions on what was the CapEx which we incurred in Q1? 
  
Anurag Mantri: 
 
 
Q1 total CapEx was INR 550 crore. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
 
               For the merged entity, right? 
    
Anurag Mantri:   
                Yes. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Okay. And sir, you mentioned to the previous participant on JUSL on the expanded 
capacity of 3.6 million ton. So once we are at a full ramp up assuming two years out 
for the merged entity of 2.9 million ton. What would be the tooling required for the 
merged entity of stainless? And then how much would be left for carbon steel? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
So the tolling will be largely for the Odisha capacities in JUSL, not for Hisar capacity, 
again it depends on the external market situation also, so minimum around say, if you 
take 2 million ton of capacity or 2.1 million ton capacity at the Odisha plant, so that 
will be the tooling for SS. 
 
Ritwik Shah: 
Okay. So basically we will have another 1.5 million ton for carbon steel? 
 
Anurag Mantri:   
                Yes, that could be used. 
 
Ritwik Shah: 
Okay. Would there be any difference of margins on the tolling or for stainless and 
carbon steel or both would be more or less similar? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
See because carbon steel is done outside, right now most of these are external 
customers, we cannot share the specific details on. But it depends on account to 
account, frankly, and depend on external market conditions also on these times. But 
more or less it moves in the same line with that. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vishal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Sir, my question was with regards to your plans for setting up a blast furnace. So if 
you could just elaborate to support the series 400 production. What is the plan for 
selling about blast furnace? And what kind of costing should we expect out of it? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So Jindal Stainless will not be setting up any blast furnace. As I said earlier also that 
there would not be any blast furnace which Jindal Stainless will be setting. We’ll be 
using for our 400 series requirement depending, it will be like a raw material price 
comparison, so we can always be buying it from separately from outside. But 
otherwise there is no plan of Jindal Stainless to set up the blast furnace. 
 
Ritwik Shah:  
Sure. And secondly on your debt repayments, what is the schedule over the next 2 to 
3 years and how do we look at whether we plan to accelerate the repayments or we 
think given our CapEx and the M&A cost pressures, the only scheduled payments 
would be done? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
Vishal, looking at the current situation, because we have a CapEx also ongoing. I don't 
think there would be a debt reduction beyond the schedule repayments, so we don't 
intend to pay beyond the schedule repayments at this stage. And currently the situation 
is in a comfortable situation. JUSL his schedule repayments are actually almost INR 
175 crore over next year '23, '24, '25, and in fact, even '26, '27 is also prepaid in their 
installment. So there is no large repayment schedule in JUSL also. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ankit from Kotak Mahindra. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Devda:  
Just wanted to understand on the EBITDA guidance which we have of 18,000 per ton, 
so with the export duty ongoing and 22,000 per ton which we have made. So we are 
saying that for the next nine months, we would be making somewhere around 16,500 
to 17,000 per ton and is that understanding correct? And this is what we have seen in 
June month where we have seen the impact of export duty? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
See I think number wise, you stack up rightly. But as I told you that these duties came 
in suddenly as a shock, and right now that's why we want to maintain our guidance at 
INR 18,000 a ton because it's difficult to predict over next few months at this stage. 
But we are hopeful, I think the situation will improve and as it improves as you have 
always seen, we will be doing the reviews of these guidelines on a very regular basis 
and again in the next quarter, we'll be able to have more clarity on where we are 
heading. 
 
Ankit Devda: 
Okay. And sir, why is the domestic volumes drop, is it only because of the imports or 
any kind of demand destruction we have seen? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
See, again, same thing is all across the globe when your commodity prices start coming 
down, everybody goes into a destocking mode because they don't know how much the 
commodity prices are going to fall or when they're going to stabilize. So people 
amount that they used to buy like as a customer used to buy just to give you example, 
100 tons in a month is brought it down to 20, to 30, to 40 tons in a month only to see 
how the market, how the prices move. So that is the only factor which has drop down 
or slowed down the domestic market and like I mentioned, we can definitely increase 
our volume, but I’ll have to take a hit on our margins again. So that is as a strategy we 
would not like to do that. 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
So as Abhyuday mentioned is that, in earlier times, that practically there's no demand 
is not slow down neither it's being made up from destocking mode or the import and 
for us also hitting the volume is not a challenge because, see it's a basic difference 
between steel and stainless steel. Stainless steel, say for steel, probably the export is a 
compulsion. For us export was always our discretionary because the domestic market 
itself is a very wide gap. And if you see last quarter, almost 50% domestic market 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
were actually catered by imports. So we could have actually garnered that margin, but 
we have to reduce then our margins and get into the some of the segment of 
substandard quality in which we don't want to go. So that's the balancing. Demand 
continue to grow on a standard basis across the various segments for stainless steel. 
 
Ankit Devda:  
Okay, understood. And one last question on JUSL, last time we announced, we are 
doing a INR 2,500 crore blast furnace CapEx in JUSL. So is that plan on? Or are we 
not going ahead away with that? And if not, then what is the alternate we are looking 
at for meeting the requirement? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
So JUSL, we’ll not be doing any blast furnace CapEx, there is no plan of JUSL doing 
any other CapEx, and on that basis, we are taking the JUSL, we'll be acquiring JUSL 
for their existing and expanded capacity for the strip mill as well as the cold roll unit. 
So there will not be any blast furnace in JUSL. 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
So the idea is to have a fully integrated stainless steel company. 
 
Ankit Devda: 
Okay. So we will not require additional blast furnace even in JSL or JUSL or we will 
out throw that part for that volume? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
There will not be any blast furnace as we mentioned in JSL or either JUSL.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, my first question has three parts. One is, how should one understand the rationale 
on timing for JSL, JUSL? That's one. Secondly, what were the other options that were 
considered prior to the transaction which has been mentioned in the press release, how 
did they funnel to this particular transaction? And third question I have on the 
valuations, I’ll take it later. So I think these are three buckets in the first question. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Okay. So your question is on the options for acquiring JUSL various options. That's 
what your question Ritesh? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, first question is on the timing, why do it now, why not later, what is it that 
prompted us to do the transaction now? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Okay. So good question I think and answer actually is that if you see every time 
because this is one critical part of the stainless steel process which used to be outside 
in the promoter entity and every time when we used to even go for related party 
approvals, everybody used to raise concerns on these related party transactions. And 
we were hearing from all my shareholders the same thing that this should be always 
be in the main entity JSL and only 26% stake is not good and it should be in complete 
control of JSL. So it's based on accordingly, so it's better to get it done sooner rather 
than keep running these related party transactions for a longer period. 
 
And so it's a preferred governance structure as Abhyuday mentioned its opening 
remarks. So from our perspective, I think the shareholders perspective, because last 
year itself the related party transactions of JUSL were almost INR 1,700 crore, so 
rather than getting into these type of transactions, and which would have increased 
much further because of the higher capacities of JSL. So in our opinion I think 
probably it's a very, very transparently transparent structure and should based on the 
feedback from the various shareholder which we received that it should be corrected 
sooner than later. 
 
Second question was on the options, is that the acquisition option, right? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, sir. What were the other options that you would have considered prior to the 
proposed transaction of JSL buying out JUSL. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Anurag Mantri: 
Proposed option in the sense, proposed option for consummating this transaction? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
No sir. I'm saying, say it could have been a potential merger that is one variables and 
the other variables, probably I have a few in mind, but I'd like to hear your thoughts. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, okay. So you're right, I think the merger could have been one option and which 
we evaluated deeply along with even our lender. So just to give you the JUSL capital 
structure, they have almost 20 year loan and it's highly ballooned towards the feg and 
last, in fact, till FY'28, most of their loan installments have been prepaid. So it's a 
highly ballooned structure with almost at around 11 years plus, with 20-year door-to-
door.  
 
The merger with the lenders, when we were discussed with lenders, the merger would 
have created because we'll have to bring this debt at par with the JSL repayment 
structure which means at least we'll have to accelerate the payment with at least INR 
500 crore to INR 600 crore cash outflow starting from this year itself. So from that 
probably somewhere I think in link with your timing also because both side it would 
have hit the thing, and then next two, three years there would be an additional 
repayments of almost INR 1,000 crore in cash repayments. So that’s one part, because 
merger we would not have been able to protect the current balance sheet structure 
which is a very robust balance sheet structure of JUSL, that’s one part. 
 
Second merger is always through a NCLT process and which would have gone almost, 
we have seen what's happening in JSL, JSHL merger the way NCLT is taking in these 
routine merger cases not on priority as compared to the resolution cases, it would have 
dragged almost two to three years’ time over. So these were the two large part, which 
obviously in consultation with lenders and how the structure should be evolve. So I 
think it would be a very, very good for even JSL shareholder because there's no 
schedule repayment liabilities in JUSL, so there's no cash strain on next at least three 
to four years for JUSL. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from Batlivala & Karani 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So I just had one question sir. What is the overall peak debt that you envisage after 
taking into account the JUSL debt and the INR 948 crore loan we are paying? And 
how many quarters do you see the peak debt lasting, because as per your guidance, 
you’ve given sir, INR 18,000 kind of EBITDA per ton which translates to roughly 
INR 3,300 crore, INR 3,400 crore, maybe an operating cash flow of INR 2,500-odd 
crore. So depending on that calculation, what do you see the peak debt of the company 
at and for how many quarters? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
I think this JUSL transaction will also be in tranches, it may not be in one tranche itself 
and I think it will spread over to maybe a two tranches or three tranches depending on 
how we progresses. The peak debt is also a question of the EBITDA. I think we guided 
the volumes will be probably down by 5% to 10% and INR 18,000 EBITDA per ton. 
But how it moves out? I think accordingly the free cash flow will be there. There is no 
other CapEx right now committed except for the current CapEx which is going on 
which will be close to INR 1,450 crore in this financial year. 
 
With this I think if the EBITDA run rate and the volumes picks up and it continues 
like that, there will not be any significant increase in the peak debt at such maybe a 
INR 1,000 crore, INR 1,200 crore not beyond that. But also it's a question of how the 
EBITDA moves, how we ramp it up overall capacities. So it's difficult to predict 
frankly in uncertain times that how long it will continue, but we will continue to 
maintain very prudent ratios and monitor that. So idea is not to have a significant 
increase in debt EBITDA or debt equities like that. 
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
So do you have any ratio in mind of net debt to EBITDA peak with something like 
that or which we can use, say 1.5 or 2? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes. So net debt to EBITDA I think internally we always maintain that at least, we 
should never cross two ratio of 2 at any point of time. But I think we have a sufficient 
headroom, idea is not to in fact reach towards there. But I think that the 2 is the net 
debt to EBITDA which we have been always kept internally in mind depend and 
during this is still the CapEx phase and depending also on the EBITDA situation also, 
because it's a function of that, but what is that we are saying trying to maintain is that 
it should not cross that net debt to EBITDA of 2. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
And sir, last question, post merge after the cancellation of that inter corporate debt, 
what will be our debt now with the combined entity? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
he combined entity debt after cancellation is close to INR 3,500 crore right now.. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, my question was sir, the idea behind JSL, JUSL was to review the party 
transactions. My question is to Abhyuday sir, sir, eventually if we place a steel mills 
say under a promoter entity, again it is something which is likely to pop up and again 
investors will come back to us saying, that there is a limited party transaction. This is 
something which could be like three years, four years out. How would we tackle that 
scenario? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
If we understand correctly is that, you are saying that it's also a related party 
transaction, so this concern will pop up, is that what's your question? 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. So it could pop up three years out, but again it comes back to the same problem. 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, Ritesh. So I think just to give you the number, last year the related party 
transaction approval for this type of transaction was INR 1,700 crore plus, and it would 
have doubled actually with the doubling of volume of this. So rather than the 
transaction value is currently INR 950 crore, so just to put the number in perspective 
the recurring approval of this type of transaction every time we were hearing and every 
time, in fact, whenever it goes for the related party approval, all the investors report 
used to say that, it should not be with the related party and it should be brought and 
we have a written report from the various advisors which have been published like 
that. 
 
So I think from our perspective, we have addressed one side of the concern of investor 
which you are hearing from the investors and it's always good to have an integrated 
play that's what we believe that’s in the long-run it's in larger interest rather than keep 
doing these type of transactions with the companies which is 74% owned outside. So 
that's what our perspective. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Aashav Patel:  
Sir my question is the JUSL INR 350 crore CapEx which we are already undergoing, 
so the loan for the same has already been reflected in the balance sheet or that would 
be incremental investment from our side? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
So the loan current outstanding of INR 2,050 crore does not include debt, but they 
have already tied up loan which has been tied up, so which will be in the JUSL entity, 
not in JSL and they will be drawing that line eventually debt loan. So that's already 
tied up debt for them because before starting the CapEx they tied up their CapEx loan.  
 

 
Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Aashav Patel: 
Sure. So effectively we will be infusing additional INR 350 crore on top of the INR 
958 crore which we are infusing in JUSL, is that right? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
We will not be infusing anything, they will be taking that loan which is the commuters 
or they'll be drawing the loan as per their requirement during the CapEx phase.  
 
Aashav Patel: 
Okay. And sir, as far as I recollect, JUSL was demerged from JSL in 2014. So can you 
please give me rough enterprise value at which it was calculated while demerging 
JUSL from JSL? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
I think I don't have the value right now, but I can ask Goutam and Shreya to give you 
the details I think, we can work it offline. 
 
Aashav Patel: 
Sure. So the capacity has not changed overall past 8 years, right, at JUSL? 
 
Anurag Mantri: 
There's a big change in the capacity, that time there were no cold roll mill into  JUSL, 
so there is a bit now 0.2 million ton cold roll mill in the JUSL, plus the capacity earlier 
was 1.6 million, which is getting to 3.6 million ton per annum. And just to give you 
the number, I think right now many carbon steel players are putting this HSM capacity 
of single side that I think you guys are much better placed with their number, but I 
think as per our understanding, $180 to $200 per ton is typically the rate of these type 
of facilities currently in the market. 
 
Aashav Patel: 
Sure, okay. And sir, last question, we also demerged Jindal Coke Limited during our 
restructuring. So any plans to even acquire the same going forward? 
 
Abhyuday Jindal:  
Related to our stainless steel business, so we are keeping it outside only. 
 
 Anurag Mantri:   
                That’s not linked with stainless steel business.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Majumdar for closing 
comments. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  
Thank you. I thank the management team of JSL and JSHL for answering the questions 
accurately and to their best. I would like to request the management team for closing 
comments if any? 
 
Anurag Mantri:  
Yes. Thank you. Let me thank everyone for attending this call. We have been focusing 
on our core strength to mitigate the adverse impacts that have been created in the 
external environment. I'm confident that our strategic steps would augment the future 
performance of the company. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions, 
otherwise we can take them offline, and should you need any further clarification, 
please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call, and have a great day. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
