August 03, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Subject: Financial Results Conference Call Transcript for Q1 FY23 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Conference Call Transcript of 
the Company for 01 FY23. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
Rajat Kalra 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
Encl.: As above 
Regd. Office: Dr Lal P.ithlabs ltd .. Block E. Sector-18, Roh1ni, NE"VV Deihl - I !0085. 
+91-1 1-30258600, Fax: + 91-1 1-2788-2134 
Corporate Office: Dr. Lal Pathlabs ltd .. 12th Floo~ Tower 8. SAS Tower. Medicity, Sector-3B. Gurugram - 122 001. Haryana 
+9!-124·3016-500, Fax: +9! -/24-4234-468 
E-ma il: lalpathiabs@lalpathlabs com, Web: www.lalpathlabs.com, CIN No.: L74899Dl J 99SPLC065388 
N 
?,; 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
 
Page 1 of 26 
    
      
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour 23 minutes 
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman 
• 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Bharath U - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO Suburban and other group companies 
• 
Mr. Rajat Kalra - Company Secretary and Head of Investor Relations 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Pooja Bhatia – Morgan Stanley  
• 
Sriram Rathi – BNP Paribas 
• 
Shyam Srinivasan – Goldman Sachs  
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Anived Portfolio Managers 
• 
Bharat Shah – ASK Investment Managers  
• 
Shalini Gupta – East India Securities  
• 
Shaleen Kumar – UBS 
• 
Saion Mukherjee – Nomura 
• 
Sayantan Maji - Credit Suisse 
• 
Prakash Agarwal – Axis Capital  
• 
Dheeresh Pathak – Whiteoak Capital Management  
• 
Nikhil Chaudhary – Kriis PMS 
 
 
 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 2 of 26                     
                         
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dr. Lal PathLabs Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference, 
over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar of CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. Today we are joined by senior members of the Management 
team, including: 
o 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman 
o 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda – Managing Director 
o 
Mr. Bharath U – CEO 
o 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group CFO 
o 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO Suburban and other group companies 
o 
Mr. Rajat Kalra – Company Secretary and Head of Investor 
Relations 
 
Standard Disclaimer: Some of the statements made on today’s call could be 
forward-looking in nature, and the actual results could vary from these forward-
looking statements. A detailed update in this regard is available in the results 
presentation, which has been circulated to you and is also available on the stock 
exchange websites. 
 
I would now like to invite (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives. 
Thank you.  
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal: Thank you. A very good evening and a warm welcome to everyone present on 
the call. We are here to discuss Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q1 FY23 Earnings. 
 
The industry has more than adequate headroom to grow in FY23, where within 
effective Vaccination Drive and improved patient care infrastructure, India has 
successfully met the challenges posed during the pandemic. Meanwhile, the 
Indian diagnostic industry is undergoing a transformation and is estimated to 
grow at a CAGR of 14% over the next five years. With very few barriers of entry, 
it makes a great ground for new entrants that include investors, entrepreneurs, 
and innovators.  
 
To remind you all, when COVID-19 pandemic hit in 2020, we were amongst the 
first private labs to be approved by ICMR for COVID-19 RT-PCR testing. And 
last year, we performed over 32 lakhs COVID-19 RT-PCR tests. We have 
continued to serve our patients in the best possible manner even with the 
challenges posed by COVID. 
 
I am happy to share with you all that we were adjudged the ‘Best Star SME of 
the Year’, by the prestigious Business Standard Financial Newspaper. For this, 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 3 of 26                     
                         
I would like to thank the senior Management team, and all the 5,000 odd 
employees in our organization, which is the oldest diagnostic lab chain in India, 
having been started in the year 1949 by my late father, Dr. Major S.K. Lal. 
 
We are all equally driven to achieve our larger vision to be the most trusted 
healthcare partner, enabling healthier lives. Just like COVID-19 pandemic which 
saw rapid spread across the nation over the past two years, we too faced both 
challenges and opportunities to improve our infrastructure, systems, and 
procedures. 
 
The public now has a greater understanding of the importance of keeping a 
healthy lifestyle, which is more vital. Since then, people have been monitoring 
their health and wellness better, which from a nation building point of view is a 
very welcome step. 
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs is committed to control the epidemic of non-communicable 
diseases or lifestyle diseases that are responsible for nearly 65% deaths in 
India. For this to take place, we shall further increase our organic network 
expansion, and to create structural levers for driving volume growth. Our 
methodical network capacity creation nationally, investments in digital 
technology, SwasthFit and focus on better service parameters will prepare us 
comprehensively to lead this space for time to come. 
 
Today, LPL has become one of the most reputed laboratories in the world, with 
a network of 277 labs, 4,731 collection centers, and 10,599 pickup points, 
serving across 1,500 plus cities with 5,000 plus tests and panels. We have 
record number of 33 labs accredited by NABL, and two labs by College of 
American Pathologists. 
 
As a forward-thinking Company, Dr. Lal PathLabs has been at the forefront of 
incorporating technology into its business strategy, by doing so, we can cut costs 
while giving our patients a smoother, more coherent experience. Companies like 
ours must adapt to stay ahead of the competition given the speed at which the 
world is changing. India continues to be a grossly untapped market. For a brand 
like ours, there is a lot of room for expansion. So, we want to take advantage of 
our position and create a mark for ourselves in the history. 
 
Thank you very much, and I would now like to hand the floor to Dr. Om 
Manchanda. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Thank you. Welcome everyone to Dr. Lal PathLabs Q1 FY23 Earnings Call. I 
hope you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. 
 
I will talk to you about the current trends as well as strategic focus of Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. The Indian healthcare sector, particularly the diagnostic phase, holds 
significant growth potential as was evident by the response of the industry 
through the pandemic. And organized national brands like ours have met these 
challenges without raising prices. The industry has seen entry of many new 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 4 of 26                     
                         
players, I foresee growth of organized sector, both due to overall market growth 
as well as accelerated shift from unorganized to organized segment. Our 
customers appreciate the certainty of quality and effectiveness that Dr. Lal 
PathLabs provides, which the unorganized players will not be able to 
successfully deliver. 
 
Going forward, we will continue to build and drive growth through the following: 
 
1) Organic expansion of labs and collection centers infrastructure 
 
2) Through inorganic expansion route 
 
3) Use of technology to enhance customer experience and also provide value-
added services at one level and drive internal process efficiencies at another 
level to achieve productivity 
 
On organic front, the initiative of creation of Hub Labs has started yielding good 
results especially in northern part of India. This will also give us capability to go 
deeper in Tier-II and Tier-III towns in large states like UP, Bihar, etc. 
 
As the markets get competitive, I foresee segmentation and differentiation will 
play a greater role in either maintaining or growing market share. For example, 
first thing is seeing a good momentum and patients find greater utility in the 
offering. And we believe that it will further build up credibility of our brand. 
 
Similarly, I do see in super-specialty business, we plan to focus on segments 
like Oncology, Autoimmune Disorders, etc. On channel front, network of 
collection centers is going to play a very important role. We expect CC network 
to service all types of customers like home collections, walk-ins, hospital 
pickups, etc. 
 
Last year, COVID-19 contributed nearly Rs. 400 crore to the Company top-line. 
That was roughly about 19% of the Company turnover of which nearly 55% that 
is Rs. 221 crore came from 1st Quarter of FY22. From the current quarter that 
is Q2 onwards, this overhang of large COVID-19 base, to a large extent is going 
to be behind us. And we hope to stay focused on more stable part of the 
business that is non-COVID business going forward from here. 
 
With that now I would like to invite our CEO, Bharath, to continue this 
conversation.  
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Thank you. I warmly welcome you all to this call today. 
 
I will now take you through all the business highlights. 
 
In Q1 FY23, we served 6.9 million patients generating revenue of Rs. 503 crore. 
As you are all aware that the COVID-19 wave has abetted significantly and as 
a consequence, revenue from COVID-19 and allied test is Rs. 21 crore for Q1 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 5 of 26                     
                         
with a contribution of 4% to overall revenue. This is in contrast to 36% 
contribution in last year, same quarter and also the lowest in last two years. 
 
Our non-COVID revenue of Rs. 482 crore registered a robust growth of 25% 
over Q1 last year. This growth in non-COVID revenue is led by patient volumes 
which registered a growth of 15%. The tests of patient for the quarter was 2.6, 
the highest ever for the Company. 
 
This quarter was marked by strong market activation program across our B2B 
and B2C channels. Our product and activation innovation has led to a robust 
growth on our SwasthFit bundled test program contributing to a strong patient 
and RPP growth. 
 
As leaders in the diagnostic industry, we have taken upon the task of 
establishing India's first Center of Excellence for Autoimmune Diseases. And 
this has shown very encouraging results in Q1 itself. This initiative combines the 
focus on super specialized test including genomics has contributed to our growth 
in this quarter. 
 
Our digital marketing initiatives and efforts on growing this hub business 
organically, is also progressing well. We remain focused on our strategic agenda 
and execution focus. 
 
With that, I would like to invite, Ved to take you all through the financial 
performance. Over to you, Ved. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Hello everyone and thank you for joining this call. I trust each of you and your 
families are safe and healthy. 
 
Please note that Q1 FY23 includes Suburban results, hence not strictly 
comparable with previous year, same quarter. We clocked highest quarterly 
non-COVID revenue of Rs. 482 crore, a growth of 25%. 
 
Our dependence on COVID-19 revenue has significantly reduced due to 
COVID-19 revenue declining by 91% from Rs. 221 crore to Rs. 21 crore in this 
current quarter. Though our non-COVID revenue increased by 25%, reduction 
in COVID business by Rs. 200 crore as compared to last year resulted in overall 
decline of 17%. Total revenue came in at Rs. 503 crore versus Rs. 607 crore 
last year same quarter. 
 
As Dr. Om mentioned that out of total COVID-19 business of Rs. 396 crore in 
FY22, almost 55% business was in Q1 only. 
 
Revenue realization per patient for Q1 FY23 is Rs. 727  as against Rs. 860  last 
year same quarter. The lower realization is due to sharp reduction in COVID-19 
and allied testing. Non-COVID revenue realization per patient for Q1 FY23 is 
Rs. 707 as against Rs. 653 for Q1 FY22. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 6 of 26                     
                         
 
Normalized EBITDA after eliminating the impact of RSU and CSR for Q1 FY23 
is Rs. 126 crore as compared to Rs. 199 crore reported in Q1 FY22. Normalized 
EBITDA margins for Q1 FY23 is at 25%. 
 
Q1 FY23 margins are inclusive of Suburban, which is relatively a low margin 
business. 
 
Normalized PBT after eliminating the impact of notional depreciation of Rs. 12.3 
crore on consolidation of Suburban for Q1 FY23 is Rs. 94 crore. Normalized 
PBT margin is 19% for this quarter. 
 
Normalized PAT for Q1 FY23 is Rs. 71 crore. Normalized PAT margin is at 14%. 
 
Net cash and cash equivalents after adjustment of borrowing at the end of Q1 
is Rs. 436 crore. 
 
We are pleased to share that the Board of Directors of the Company have 
approved an interim dividend of 60% that is Rs. 6 per equity share. 
 
At last a quick update on Suburban performance, Suburban revenue for Q1 
FY23 is Rs. 39 crore of which non-COVID revenue is Rs. 36 crore. Please note 
this revenue is recorded on net basis, due to transition to Ind AS from IGAAP. 
This is equivalent to Rs. 52 crore as far as erstwhile accounting practices as 
concerned. EBITDA margin for Q1 FY23 came at 12%. 
 
With that, I request the moderator to open the forum for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Pooja Bhatia from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Just wanted to know, if you hold on to this year’s guidance of mid-teen revenue 
growth, which was given last quarter. And how would this be, if you had to split 
the growth, how much would be volume and value, if you could give a little color 
on this? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
We probably have not, in so many terms given the guidance, because one 
doesn't know the trajectory of COVID business. Now it's becoming a little clearer 
so we are not focused on COVID at all, because we still don't know how it's 
going to pan out for the year. 
 
The focus for our teams has been on non-COVID part of the business. And as 
the current quarter indicates, we have done 15% ex-Suburban and including 
Suburban, we have done 25%. But one must keep in mind that last year, there 
are many months which are softer, many months which are very high, because 
of uneven trajectory of non-COVID. So, if I go by month-by-month, April, May of 
last year were a softer but then July, August was a little higher. After that, again, 
it goes down from I think November onward till at least February. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 7 of 26                     
                         
 
So, our best estimate is we will still try to maintain that. It’s very difficult currently 
to put a number. But we are still very confident that we should fall in non-COVID 
growth rate that we used to have before COVID times, which was I think around 
13%, 14%, 15%. But I would say that it's very important to wait it out for another 
quarter to see as to how it pans out. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
On the acquisition front M&A, what are the assets that would potentially interest 
you? Has there been any moderation in valuations that you are seeing? And is 
there anything in consideration at this moment? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, there is nothing right now that I can share. But definitely I think teams are 
focused on making the Suburban asset integrate and work well. But right now, I 
think industry is in a bit of a state of flux. So, I think we will probably have wait 
and watch our strategy. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
And what is the roadmap to improve margins in Suburban from currently 12% to 
say Company level 30%, what priorities are there to leverage this asset? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, if you study last two-year data, it clearly showed that if you have a high top-
line, there is an operating leverage in this business, which suddenly fell because 
COVID disappeared overnight. And we believe that if we focus on top-line 
aggressively in this asset, we should really be able to improve our margins, 
because the business is quite concentrated in city of Mumbai. And the potential 
is quite high. So, we just want to aggressively drive top-line that's our first 
priority. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
So, we have spoken about the competitive outlook in every call for the past 24 
months now. Like this month, there has been a new pharma player who has 
announced their plan to join the business as we speak, there are now three 
pharma players along with many others. Are we really undermining the new 
players that have entered into the market in terms of how we are looking at the 
industry growing? What is the outlook on this? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, we are definitely not undermining any player who enters in the market. So, 
I think there is definitely a higher competitive intensity that we have seen 
especially in the last 24 months or 12 months. I think the important thing is to 
know what are the long-term implications of what's really happening, it’s my 
personal judgment and I think India is highly underpenetrated from the 
diagnostic standpoint though there is no public data but my sense is beyond 
metros and mini metros diagnostics is very little right now. 
 
And more players entering into the market they are going to drive two factors: 
 
I) One is of course acceleration of unorganized to organized shift which is going 
to be very rapid. That's going to be I think number one effect, I see a very high 
level of competition 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 8 of 26                     
                         
 
II) Second is penetration levels will go up, so we will see a lot of growth coming 
from Tier-II, Tier-III towns 
 
So, I personally believe that this competition is good for two things, one is it will 
accelerate probably the market growth, even more for organized player. The 
second thing is the penetration levels in Tier-II, Tier-III towns will actually go up, 
which means that accessibility and affordability of Quality Diagnostics will 
improve in this country. Now, obviously, for a Company to do well, Management 
teams will have really figure out a way on how do we maintain or increase our 
market share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sriram Rathi from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Sriram Rathi: 
Firstly, if you can provide some details in terms of how much of our revenue is 
coming from franchisees as such, because it seems that the fees to collection 
centers as a percentage of sales has increased this quarter. So, just to get an 
idea. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So, maybe 40% plus is franchisee business for us. And I don't think there has 
been a sharp increase on the fees to collection center, it has been as for the 
normal trends. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I thought it has slightly come down this quarter. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
we have not increased the revenue share for any franchisee, fees to collection 
centers have come down, but the business contribution is increasing in that 
share. but in this quarter fees to franchisee is reduced as compared to last year 
Sriram Rathi: 
Yes, Y-o-Y it has reduced because of COVID I think, yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
The contribution of a franchisee business to our total business is on the rise. It 
went up, now, I think as the COVID is receding and we are seeing a slight dip in 
that which essentially means the patients are coming back to a bit of walk-in 
format. Now, obviously, we still will not go back to where we were before COVID, 
but I think it's going to settle down at a slightly higher level.  
Sriram Rathi: 
So, my second question was on that only, I mean, are we seeing the trend again 
reversing towards walk-in patients now versus what we would have seen in the 
last few quarters? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think there is a comeback to that. 
Sriram Rathi: 
And secondly, on the other expenses, I think that amount is higher this quarter 
on sequential basis when Suburban was there in Q4. So, should we assume this 
Rs. 105 crore kind of run rate to continue or it could be fluctuating quarter-on-
quarter? 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 9 of 26                     
                         
Ved Prakash Goel: 
if you are comparing last quarter to this quarter, I think there are a few 
investments we have made, especially in this quarter. One is on digital side in 
IT. And second is, spend on marketing, which is A&P, which is also high in this 
quarter as compared to last year. I think these are the two broad heads where 
we have spent a little more in this quarter. And that's where you are looking that 
there is a difference between other expenses. 
Sriram Rathi: 
So, I mean that kind of high amount may not continue in the coming quarter. Is 
that fair understanding? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, there are expenses, which we are continuously spending, especially on this 
digital side and obviously on A&P, it's quarter-on-quarter. But this is not 
something exception, which we have spent in this quarter. These are normal 
expenses, maybe IT on a special case we are seeing in this quarter, but not 
otherwise. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think certainly you should keep in mind that margins that we had seen during 
COVID times were not sustainable. So, we are definitely going to settle down at 
what we used to do earlier, which was in the range of I think 25% to 26%, that's 
the way it is. 
Sriram Rathi: 
So, for the full year, it should be in that range more or less. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
We still don't know as to how it is going to pan out, but I think, right now the way 
P&L’s shape is looking like, it's definitely sharply down from what it used to be 
during COVID times. 
Sriram Rathi: 
And lastly, just going back to the competition part, I mean, during this quarter in 
the last three, four months, what part of our business would have seen higher 
competitive intensity and might have some impact on the business or not that 
much, so far? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think the intensity is the brand awareness in general, so many brands have 
gone up. So, you don’t want to lose out on top-of-mind awareness. I think that 
is where probably the heat is being felt right now and that’s where probably what 
Ved mentioned that we had to spend this extra marketing money to stay top of 
mind. I think one should know that for any brand to remain on top of mind and 
especially in the healthcare because this is a need-based business. It is, if you 
just drop on top-of-mind awareness, then you may tend to lose out. I think that's 
one area, which I find this marketing spend will continue to stay up till the time 
this intensity dies down. That's the way I look at it. But from a business 
standpoint, I am not sure because many of these companies are coming in a 
very routine business, because we have a test menu of 4,000 tests, and not all 
these players have that kind of portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 10 of 26                     
                       
Shyam Srinivasan: 
I am looking at Dr. Lal’s own non-COVID sales, excluding Suburban non-
COVID. I think you said it grew 15% Y-o-Y. So, just want to disaggregate that 
into price and volume, because I don't know whether we got the volume numbers 
for Dr. Lal, non-COVID. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So, our volume growth is about 12.5%, 13% give or take. And rest is mixed 
impact on pricing. So, you see a price impact of 2% odd. It is not a price increase, 
it’s a purely mix impact because of a higher contribution of SwasthFit. Our 
SwasthFit program actually did very well this quarter, and also our super 
specialized test portfolio did extremely well this quarter. And both these two 
contribute to a mix impact because of it, the RPP went up. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
This reminds us of like older days, where it used to be largely volume growth 
driven. And like some contribution from mix maybe some prices, you are denying 
the price, which is fine so largely volume growth 14%, 15%. So, if you could then 
disaggregate that into geography, because the worry was that. And again, 
competition links point, there is some of our core markets like NCR, how would 
the trend be in volume growth in our core market? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So, we are seeing robust growth as per the past trends across geographies in 
this quarter. And like I mentioned in my opening comments our South business 
has also done extremely well this quarter. So, it has been all around 
performance, North, South, East, West, no specific trend vis-à-vis the past 
trends, all of them have contributed to a good volume growth this quarter. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think just thinking of the question that you were asking about Delhi NCR versus 
rest of India right. So, I think we have always said that Delhi NCR will definitely 
be below our overall company growth. In our scheme of things, we always 
looked that Delhi NCR should grow at least in high single digits, and that is what 
we have registered this quarter. And our rest of India is compensating for that. 
So, the blended average is where the 15%is, and overall contribution of Delhi 
NCR is steadily declining, which is basically our dependence on Delhi NCR over 
a period of time has sharply come down. I don't know what is this number this 
quarter but I think it had come down to 35%. So, the contribution from Delhi NCR 
is now 35%, so two-thirds of our business actually is coming from the rest of 
India. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My second question, I think I missed it, realization per patient. I think Ved called 
it out as Rs. 707, is it, is that the number. And can you also explain why it 
declined, sorry, I couldn't get those two bits? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Non-COVID, is Rs. 707 against Rs. 653. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, so you are saying non-COVID realization at Rs. 707 versus Rs. 653 last 
year, right? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 11 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I think that’s on year-on-year basis. But I think on a full year basis, this 
number might look very different. I think the overall sense that I get, I don't have 
full year data with me, is that as the contribution of bundled test is going up, 
which is probably the likely trend because customers are seeing greater value 
for money in that format. Maybe a little bit of increase on revenue per patient 
may happen. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Just to give an immediate update, last quarter Q4, it was Rs. 693. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, Rs. 653 is not a representative over here, right. So, don’t go by Rs. 653 
versus Rs. 707, go by sequential which is last quarter to a Rs. 693 and now it's 
Rs. 707. I think as Swasthfit contribution goes up; this number may inch a little 
bit upwards as we go along. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
And my last one you also called out that 2.6 tests per patient. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
That is also because of SwasthFit, as a package has much more test per patient. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia, 
Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Post COVID, we are witnessing increased collection from home contribution. So, 
if you could highlight, what are the kinds of initiatives we have taken to ensure 
a more seamless journey using technology or manpower related training or other 
things? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Prakash, you know our home collection contribution, pre-COVID used to be 
about 5% to 6%, that has settled around 10%, 11%, 12%, give or take in this 
range depending on the quarter, on the non-COVID side of the business. So, 
three, four things have happened now on the home collection side, one is that 
geographic expansion, number of cities we cover. 
 
The second one is that the technology engine which we used has gone up 
significantly in sophistication. So, slot allotment or ability to look at delayed visits, 
reallocate visits, and all has gone up tremendously, because we have now 
perfected this art of how do you manage technology and people together. 
 
The third angle is we introduced new features like Digital ID cards. So, before 
today, when a home collection memo comes to your house, we send in advance, 
his ID card to you. So, that it's an added measure of security and safety that he 
is the guy who is coming to you. So, lot of such initiatives on building confidence 
amongst people who are users of service. 
 
And secondly, which people are now using technology is upselling or cross-
selling while at the point of patient's care, which is the home. So, they are able 
to now add on tests for their spouses, so that we get more from the same visit. 
So, lot many more initiatives in the pipeline as well. But we are happy with the 
progress we are making on the home collection front, leveraging technology. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 12 of 26                     
                       
Prakash Kapadia: 
And as a consumer, I see a lot of proactiveness at least in the Mumbai market 
where there are now calls for new tests or a last test done, due date. So, coming 
to the question, which you were hinting at of cross-selling and upselling, what is 
this approach we have taken, is it across newer geographies, or is just Mumbai, 
if you can highlight some clusters where we are trying to follow this approach, 
because I see a lot of activity at least in Mumbai. I am talking about Lal 
PathLabs. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We have an approach on MarkTech, how do you leverage data for marketing 
programs, but we just have to be cautious on that side as well, because there 
are privacy related issues and so on. So, it's a fine balance, but yes, we are 
getting like I had mentioned in opening comments we had a very aggressive, 
what I call activation program around both B2B and B2C in this quarter, which 
we will continue. And some of these are part of that effort. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And that is specific clusters of cities which you have identified? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Yes, we do have strong points where we want to push the levers, yes. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, how are we managing attrition if any due to increased competition 
and any inflationary pressure or input cost increases, we are witnessing which 
could be a worry, given the general inflationary environment? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So, inflation is yes, visible in our system because fuel costs have gone up and 
so on. We have been looking at internal efficiencies and getting those 
efficiencies into picture. And there is one of the reasons why we were able to 
keep that P&L healthy without taking a price increase. 
 
Attrition in particular nothing substantial, I would say at this stage. Frontline 
attrition continues at the previous rate, no significant change. And because we 
are now more a systems driven company and technology driven company, 
dependent on people per se specific individuals is far lesser than what may have 
been many years in the past. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
We are also seeing another trend because the COVID business is down 90%, 
it’s not only for us, it’s for the entire industry. So, a lot of reverse is also true. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
I think there was a mention of growth drivers. One of the major ones that was 
highlighted was inorganic. But when we look at kind of recent acquisition, 
Suburban, the price paid is a multiple of revenue margins are rather very low, 
not just compared to Dr. Lal business per se, but rather inferior margins. 
Therefore, is this a kind of insecurity race that we are running, because growth 
for the sake of growth is a philosophy of cancer, it doesn't add to the value. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 13 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I think you are making a very good point. And I value that. I think we have 
never looked at revenue, any organic sort of option to increase our revenue. We 
have always looked at any inorganic assets from the point of view of entering 
into that market. I think in our judgment, we felt that Mumbai is a highly 
competitive market. On our own, we have tried in the past. And we believe that 
on our own, we couldn't have really gained that kind of scale in that city without 
any inorganic sort of an option. That was the reason why we looked at Suburban. 
 
Now, coming to your question of, yes, we realized that Suburban has lower 
margins. Unfortunately, in our judgment, maybe COVID fell much sharply than 
what we had anticipated, because last two years COVID was very high in 
Mumbai, especially for Suburban. And I think probably we didn't anticipate that 
within three months, this decline of 90% would happen. So, that means with that, 
fall in margins have gone back to what historical margins for this company was. 
 
But having said that, what it has told us is that if we are able to at least double 
the sale of this business, from here on, margins should actually go up to, if not 
to our parent company level, but at least definitely close to 20%. So, all we need 
to do is just grow the top-line, and we feel we should be able to do that in next 
two to three years. 
 
But having said that, if we had not taken this option, on our own, we could have 
done that, I think in my personal view, it would have been very tough for Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. And we can't ignore not only Mumbai, but I think State of Maharashtra 
not being present. That's been the reason but otherwise, there are a lot of assets 
which come for to be acquired, we just don't take them at all because unless it 
makes sense for us, we don't go to those markets. For example, there were a 
couple of assets available in the eastern part of India, this would have been 
asset for us, maybe 6, 7 years back, but now our east business is much more 
stable. So, we are not looking at anything in the East. 
 
There are lots of businesses that come to us from northern part of India, we don't 
look at any asset at all. I think today if I look at any wide space which is, left is 
southern part of India, we are seriously evaluating if you want to drive that now 
organically if not then inorganic, but yes, you are right. But one priority that we 
have is that in order to tap the overall growth of the diagnostic market in India, 
we need to have a wider footprint compared to what we have today. And I think 
the whole objective of Suburban was to how do we establish ourselves in West  
especially from a presence perspective. But let's see how it goes, but we are still 
very hopeful that in three to five years’ time, we should be able to do something 
with this asset. 
Bharat Shah: 
So, have I to interpret that Suburban was a bit of a one-off acquisition, and was 
a strategic imperative, which will eventually after you have worked through 
would also make financial sense compared to the price that you paid for it? 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 14 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, it's a very strategic one. Whatever we have paid here does not stand good 
for any other acquisition that come, so I don't think we will look at any other 
assets in the way we have looked at Mumbai. 
Bharat Shah: 
And eventually, it will make financial sense as well? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think so because last year, I think this company did close to Rs. 300 crore of 
course not in net terms or maybe even FY21, it was nearly touching Rs. 300 
crore and the EBITDA was in the range of 20% odd. So, of course, half of that 
was COVID. And now COVID has disappeared. 
 
I think it's fairly well placed infra; we also know where are all the levers for cost 
cutting in this asset, I think we should be able to do that. It may not happen within 
three, four months or one-year time. But I think over a longer period of time, this 
asset I am very sure it will turn out to be good for us. 
Bharat Shah: 
My second question was, in the opening remarks Dr. Lal alluded to 14%, 15% 
growth rate, you also referred to it in your address. And we talked about the 
huge untapped opportunity apart from conversion highway available from 
unorganized to organized, but in all of these, I also kind of sense that there is a 
pressure on the margin. And of course, we are talking of reverting back to the 
pre-COVID margin, which is understandable that COVID might have just 
improved the journey for a temporary period. But eventually growth is unlikely to 
mean only growth of revenue, but also better profits, because growth of top-line 
is an affirmation of relevance of the business to society, and growth of profits 
and the cash flows is the affirmation for the value creation. 
 
So, my fear is the growth of top-line, will it come at inferior performance on the 
profits and cash flows, compared to reasonably modest 14%, 15% top-line 
growth or have I understood it wrong. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
See you all study businesses much more than I do; I look at this one. At the end 
of the day, pricing and profitability, a lot of it is external market forces driven. I 
think currently, as I speak to a lot of these consultants, they actually tell me that 
diagnostics margins are pretty visible. And there are many companies who look 
at offsetting of what is happening on the other side of business. This could be a 
noise, which will remain for next 12 to 14 months. But I think we do not want to 
get ourselves in a situation when our turnover; it starts coming under a bit of 
pressure. 
 
So, I think two, three things we need to do: 
 
I) One is make sure that our presence is across the country, keep widening our 
footprint. So, that's number one priority 
 
II) The second priority is that run the business so efficiently that if at all we are 
competing with somebody like to like, our inefficiency should not be loaded on 
the price. So, that's productivity which is very important 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 15 of 26                     
                       
 
II) And I think third is right now this mix of competition that we have. Some of 
them are very similar cost structure, we don't have much problem with that. I 
think some of them are resorting to cash burn model. I am hoping that in the 
next two to three quarters that noise should settle down 
 
But as far as the margin sustainability is concerned that probably market forces 
will decide but we are very hopeful that it won't crash to any much lower level, 
but I think at least the mid-20s it should remain for overall industry is the sense 
that I get for at least next 3 to 5 years. Because market is also opening up in 
Tier-II, Tier-III towns. I think a lot of people are jostling for space in metros, 
especially Delhi, Mumbai etc. But as you go deeper in down the pop strata there 
is a lot of growth coming up there as well. 
Bharat Shah: 
Let me just reword my question, if I did not put it appropriately. Earlier I talked 
about inorganic acquisition, whether that makes, apart from strategic necessity 
whether it makes value creating financial change. This one I am asking whether 
in our organic business is the desire or pressure to grow, will it come at the 
expense of profitable growth? In other words, we may end up chasing shadows 
without achieving concrete value creation, in a sense that even if we grow the 
top-line at 15% or 18%. But if profits don't grow meaningfully in-sync with it, then 
it may end up kind of wrong definition of the growth. And I would say both are 
important, the top-line as well as the cash flow growth. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I agree with you, I think you are making a very good point. Revenue for the 
sake of revenue is not good in sense of bottom line, right, when we are running 
a commodity business. So, it's a fine balance that we will have to maintain. I 
think this question also got asked in the last quarterly call. Somebody asked me, 
will you actually chase these lowest price points that are happening in the 
market? I think clearly answer is no. We will have to really, very carefully 
maneuver this current market situation, and find a bit of fine balance between 
revenue and bottom line. And I think the point that you are making is absolutely 
correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shalini Gupta from East 
India Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
You are facing so much price competition and so many strong players are 
entering the industry, I was just wondering if you would consider setting up a 
diagnostic center in collaboration with hospitals, say Lilavati, I mean Lilavati is 
what comes to mind, but I mean, so many others are there, so many hospitals 
in Mumbai. I mean, you would get a captive set of patients. And what is the 
downside in setting up such centers? And how easy is it to setup such centers? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It’s a great idea. Thank you for giving us the input. We call it a Hospital Lab 
Management segment. And we continue to look for these opportunities. We will 
probably refine this further and see how we gain a revenue line from this side of 
segment, this side of business. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 16 of 26                     
                       
Shalini Gupta: 
I just wanted to check how difficult is it to setup such centers? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, so now let's put things in the other side’s shoes. Now if the margins on this 
business is very high, they are reluctant to give it to you because they want to 
capture everything with them. Second is, pathology is not a very asset heavy 
business, so barrier to entry is low, they actually want you to run their CT/MR 
business not pathology business. Other thing is even if they decide to give it to 
you, you also run a risk of receivables because three, four months down the line 
he won't pay you the money. So, it's not a very easy business but having said 
that, I think this is definitely a large size, close to 37% of the industry is lying 
inside the hospital. So, we can't ignore this segment so we will definitely keep 
looking at it, but we will have to do probably a lot of hygiene check before we 
sign up any contract with the hospital. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay, but you are open to this. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
No, we do that, it is part of our research, because we have close to 40. We have 
40 such centers inside the hospitals. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
This is integral part of our business strategy. 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal: But Shalini, if you know somebody in Lilavati Hospital, you can introduce them 
to us. 
Shalini Gupta: 
No, I don't know anybody. I was just wondering because I happen to visit a 
competitive lab in a hospital. This is a public hospital so obviously it was not very 
clean and all, not the kind of thing you would expect when you go to say 
Suburban, but the number of patients there is amazing. And also, I believe you 
don't have to pay any referral fees to the doctor, and you don't have to pay for 
space. So, I was just wondering why is not everybody doing this more 
aggressively? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Because some of these guys don’t pay for almost six months 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Shaleen Kumar from 
UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So, we have noticed one thing in our analysis that the competition from the digital 
platforms is largely on discount, basically, deep discounting in five tests, and 
then other five it drops and then substantially it drops after that. So, largely in 
Top 10 or maximum 15 tests. So, want to understand, what kind of revenue 
proportion if any, not for you, even if your industry or organized pay rather, you 
can give us right. What kind of revenue proportion does this test account for you, 
Top 10-15? Is it possible to get? 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 17 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, I think your observation is right, I have gone through your report it’s very 
nicely written. And it's basically just making the news like we go to a shop, 50% 
off when you walk inside, you suddenly find those 50% of few items lying in the 
corner. So, it’s the same thing happening here as well there all kinds of prices, 
but overall portfolio of diagnostic if we look at that's much wider. Offhand, I 
probably may not have that number with me, but I think your report suggested 
30%, right, of these 10, 15 tests. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So, basically after checking with various participants? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I probably may not give exact answer on that, but my input here is there are lot 
of tests which are hematology driven. And there is a manual component in those 
tests. A lot of tests which are machine driven, especially Biochemistry, that's 
where the prices are lower. But wherever the human component is high, in any 
test, you can't drop prices, just like that. And they are not sustainable at all. 
 
And for any of these companies to provide a complete portfolio, to increase the 
scope of testing, they will have to start incurring those costs, which actually is a 
full-blown company like us or any other similar competition to do that. And at 
some point of time, at the end of the day, diagnostics is not about 10 tests 
diagnosis is about diagnosing a disease, so you need to have entire repertoire 
of testing, rather than just about 10 to 15 tests. While this will definitely grow 
screening side of testing, this will also grow the overall market, but we believe 
that if you screen 100 normal people, and 20 of them or 10 of them actually may 
fall into the funnel of medical testing, which essentially means the market is likely 
to go faster. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Also, intuitively, is it right way to think that prescription driven tests are unlikely 
to go to the platform. And because of multiple reasons you may not get the 
booking now or customer is not sure about or patient is not sure about buying 
the test online, etc., that's one bit, so your views on that. 
 
And second, again, do you track like how much of your testing is prescription 
driven and how much is non-prescription driven? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think it will be unfair to say that medical things will not go there and if some of 
them actually widen their test menu, of course they have, they can participate in 
the segment as well. But I think one thing I want to highlight is that this is not a 
business where like a daily use item, it's not even monthly use item, last time I 
mentioned that average visit for patient in our portfolio, combined together is not 
even one per year. So, so you might just see a lot of trial generation, you do lot 
of these camps and promotion driven sale, you would say, but suddenly you will 
find that next month nobody is there. So, it’s not a very high frequent purchase 
item. And for any company to show results, it is definitely two to three years of 
journey before they actually say yes, as we have arrived. So, I think it will take 
a lot of time to build healthcare brand, they don’t get built overnight in my views. 
And plus, somebody has to sustain the flow of funds as well to sustain those 
kind of funds as well. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 18 of 26                     
                       
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just, on the other expenses you made a comment that there has been an 
investment in IT, technology, and marketing. Can we get some sense of what 
kind of investment you are making on tech side? 
Bharath Uppiliappan:  
So, marketing we did in this quarter, like I mentioned, we promoted SwasthFit 
very aggressively. So, we were around press, radio etc., I think 6 to 8 weeks of 
the quarter. Second is, there was sort of what you call market activation plan. 
On IT and digital, lot of stuff around digital marketing, building in data lakes, 
investing behind data science, putting up the control tower and running that for 
better service delivery on the front end. So, some of those initiatives have 
obviously taken some bit of money. But I think they are also helping us get the 
top-line in place. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just last question, in presentation Rs. 12 crore of notional depreciation towards 
Suburban, so if I can understand what does it mean by notional depreciation 
and it’s not one-off right, it will continue. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, this is on intangibles where we have capitalized intangibles for Suburban. 
And that intangible apart from goodwill, we are writing over a period of 8 to 10 
years. So, roughly, this is Rs. 12 crore in a quarter, will continue for some time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saion Mukherjee from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
On the organic growth path, can you throw some light, how should we think 
about, say if you have been increasing your lab or patient service centers at a 
particular rate, will we see a step up there. And if yes, any geography you have 
in mind, you want to sort of go deeper in north and east and sort of look for 
acquisition in south. If you can just throw some light on your organic growth 
strategy that you are thinking for the next three years? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think our organic strategy has to be two-fold that we improve our service level, 
at the same time also don't increase our overhead structure. In the past, we 
have been opening a lot of the satellite labs, but each lab brings in close to crore, 
crore and a half operating costs as well. So, we will look at judiciously the model 
of Hub Labs, I think we talked about this in earlier calls, where we increased the 
test menu in the region now. And that does two things to us. One is it gives us 
the ability to go Tier-II, Tier-III towns, because otherwise to service Tier-II, Tier-
III towns you have to bring those sample load to Delhi. And that will affect the 
service. So, we want to go closer to the markets by opening more Hub Labs and 
maybe reducing the number of satellite lab but opening more wider test menu 
labs, which we call it Hub Labs. And then improve our logistics network so that 
we are able to service the market. So, that's our strategy. 
 
I think your second question was priority in terms of markets. Clearly, I think the 
rest of north which is UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa, even eastern part are 
definitely growth markets for us. So, we want to really make sure that we 
aggressively increase our presence. Southern markets are giving good 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 19 of 26                     
                       
response to our organic strategy, we will have to probably wait and watch 
whether it's sustainable. If that works, then we will go south as well. But right 
now, that is still open to start with north, rest of north will be number one priority 
for us. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
My second question is around competition, basically you know, we have seen 
the new entrants in the sector. So, at one end, you have the online players who 
may not have that sort of equity on the healthcare side, but then you have the 
pharma companies, which are well-known, they have the doctor connect, and 
they are trying to drive the business through that route and then they have the 
brand and they also sort of have the funding available from their domestic 
business. So, in a sense what is the bigger threat to the industry for a player like 
Dr. Lal in your view? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I look at both, opportunity as well as threat. I think, opportunity, I talked 
about, I think some of these organized competition coming into the market, is 
good for the industry. It's good for the industry because it creates a level playing 
field. So, far, we were up against a lot of these small-time players, where they 
have virtually no overhead. And many of these companies that you mentioned 
will have to have overhead structure which is similar to ours. So, it's to my mind, 
now we are going to play in a field which is level playing, so that I think is a big 
upside to this. 
 
Second big upside is that a higher level of competition is technically there, I look 
at all these money which is being spent in the market is all marketing dollars. I 
think on a standalone basis, I wouldn't have been able to spend that kind of 
money. So, the more activity that happens it will grow the market. So, that's 
another big positive. 
 
I think the only challenge is now as you said, do we stand to lose to these guys? 
There may be a bit of market share shifts, that will happen depending on who 
has got strength in which market. I think that's where our team really will have 
to be smart enough.  a) To run the business efficiently so we are able to compete 
with them, in terms of our efficiency. 
 
Second is carefully pick and choose our battles in terms of geography. And we 
believe we are very well placed in northern, eastern part of market on the organic 
front. And that to my mind is roughly half of the country. 
 
And also remember, we have a network of 5,000 + collection centers and 270+ 
labs and 10,000+ pickup points. That was not built in just overnight one day. It 
has taken so much of time. And from my personal experience, I can tell you that 
this is not a frequently purchased item where people keep coming month after 
month or week after week. So, to sustain one year business, I think all the new 
customers have to be acquired. So, it’s operationally going to be very 
challenging. So, to me, that actually is a bit of an insurance to us, because 
operational excellence requirements in this business is huge. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 20 of 26                     
                       
 
And also, remember while we may be at heart, we maybe a medical company, 
but inside we are a huge logistics company. And while you may have doctor 
connected one end, but to run this operation, those skills are very different than 
at least running a manufacturing setup. But having said that, overall market I 
believe will definitely grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sayantan Maji from Credit 
Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Sayantan Maji: 
So, my question is that how much of the total revenues do we get from routine 
tests, especially in the metro market cities? And I am asking if the impact of 
competition would be more on routine tests and maybe the wellness packages, 
so how much do these comprise as percentage of our revenue. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I don’t think we have readily this data available, and it's also very loosely defined. 
I would actually say 21% of our SwasthFit contribution maybe you add another 
8%, to 9%, close to 30% odd would be the figure. 
Sayantan Maji: 
And second question is that as per the last disclosure, north India, total I think 
constitutes around say 65% of the total revenues whereas Delhi NCR is 35%, 
the remaining 30%. So, do we expect a double-digit growth over there? So, Delhi 
NCR I understand we already have a higher market share. So, it will be high 
single digit, but for the rest of north India, do we expect maybe teens growth? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes absolutely. So, if we are 13% to 15% growth for the company, and Delhi 
NCR is single digit, so obviously, the balance has to be close to 18% to 19% 
from rest of India. 
Sayantan Maji: 
And these includes the rest of north India, as well, right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes you are right, I probably would tend to agree with you Yes, rest of north 
India, right. 
Sayantan Maji: 
And a couple of data related question. So, first is, what is the Ind-AS benefit that 
is there in reported EBITDA? And second is what is the ESOP run rate that will 
be there going forward? So, I understand we give ESOP and CSR but if we 
exclude CSR, what is the ESOP run rate that we will have? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, in the past say, it used to be Rs. 24 crore to Rs. 25 crore per annum. I think 
immediately last year, it was a little high because the large grant was given at a 
higher price. And that's where the charge was higher. But if you see the last 
couple of years, it was in the range of Rs. 24 crore to Rs. 25 crore.  
 
Yes, Ind-AS impact it was started 3- 4 years back. So, pre-Ind-AS we used to 
have 25% to 26% kind of margin, after Ind-AS it revised to 26% to 27%, so, 
about a percent or so has impact of Ind-AS so that is all due to Ind-AS. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 21 of 26                     
                       
Sayantan Maji: 
And for the ESOP, so we expect the run rate to be like Rs. 25 crore per year 
going ahead as well? Or would it be at a higher rate as we have right now? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
See this changes year-on-year because depending on price on the day of grant, 
I think historically, what we have seen is that it has gone as high as Rs. 32 crore, 
last year, it was also one of the years which I remember was even Rs. 6 crore. 
I think the number that Ved is quoting is, I should look at it as sort of where is 
the settled down number average for the year, is our estimate is close to about 
Rs. 23 crore to Rs. 25 crore. But year-on-year basis this might just change up 
and down. It is also a bit of a reversal that happens when somebody resigns and 
comes back to the pool. So, it's a very dynamic number. But I think it's fair to 
assume that currently at Rs. 2,000 crore give and take here and there top line, 
you have close to 1% to 1.2% of ESOP charge. 
Sayantan Maji: 
And this is going to be sustainable for like foreseeable, say next 2, 3 years, right, 
this ESOP scheme will continue to, it's part of our regular business now. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, this is the kind of competition, it is to stay there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prakash Agarwal from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
A couple of questions and clarifications, so what I understood was 13% to 15%, 
base business growth, ex acquisition is what you are guiding for, would that be 
correct? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, I think that's the way it looks like as of now. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And this quarter 25% margin is with 12% of Suburban. So, this is despite higher 
costs on IT and some expansion and advertisement that you talked about. So, 
how do you think your margins will move, I mean, this is clearly the base level 
margins, would you agree to that? And how do you think, over the year, Financial 
'23, this margin should settle? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
We were growing, our margins at pre-COVID level was in this similar range of 
25% to 26%, or around 26%. As far as I think if we are able to grow mid-teens, 
I think we are able to maintain these margins. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think the sweet spot for this business is, I think if you are able to grow between 
10% and 12%, my senses remain there, assuming there is no pricing pressure, 
we should be able to maintain, but since the dynamics of the industry keep 
changing every now and then. But I think if any business is able to deliver 10% 
to 12% growth on organic basis, we should be able to maintain these margins 
as my PAT currently suggests. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, what I understand is IT related as well as this advertisement related 
expenses are here to stay on a quarterly basis. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 22 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, absolutely, we can't let the pressure down on brand awareness in this kind 
of intensity, so I think they are here to stay for some quarters. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And with some improvement in Suburban which you are guiding for next couple 
of years, you are saying the sales to double. I think next year you are expecting 
sales to double. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
See right now the challenges are of different nature because Suburban is a fairly 
routine company by design, we want to invest behind back end, and increase 
our test menu, hopefully we will have some news to talk about launch of our lab 
in Mumbai next quarter. I think Suburban needs more company owned, 
company operated infra, it has to move towards the franchisee driven infra. So, 
that also will take time. I think next, at least three to four quarters, I want to make 
sure that we get the fundamentals right. And hopefully if we get the process 
right, the outcome has to be right. So, that's the way we are looking at it.  
Prakash Agarwal: 
And is there any progress on the online alliances, I think last quarter, you said 
that you might evaluate something for online alliances, so anything to talk about 
at the moment. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think online alliances probably we will do that. But I think they are also figuring 
it out, whether they want to do completely on their own or they want to partner 
with a lot of players. I think there's a bit of a, whether they are following 
aggregator model or they are doing their own sort of business. I think I really 
won't say that the entire model has fallen in place. My personal view is to scale 
this business, you need partnerships. I think to scale on your own multi-city 
model will actually be challenging. Let's see what happens this quarter, maybe 
next quarter because the COVID dependency is virtually come down by 90%I 
think we would throw up new dynamics in the industry which we will have to wait 
for another three to four months. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Lastly, on the pricing side, there are some ads coming with 80% to 90% 
discounts. And these are, I would say routine tests. But on a general basis, 
though, you mentioned you are not reacting or your prices have not raised or 
reduced prices. Your action is on the advertisement and expanding the hub and 
spoke model. I mean, is there anything else that we are doing to keep the volume 
intact or grow the volumes? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, I think one more thing that is probably likely to happen is that within the 
portfolio of routine tests versus specialized tests, one may look at price 
rationalization. Some of our high-end tests maybe underpriced and some of our 
routine tests will be overpriced. We will do it in a manner that it doesn't 
jeopardize our overall margins for the business. But we will look at case by case 
basis those kinds of things as well. I think directionally in some ways it has 
already started happening because the contribution of SwasthFit is going up. In 
a way, realization per test on the routine tests is coming down. So, some bit of 
it will have to be adjusted for specialized tests. I think those things will fall in 
place. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 23 of 26                     
                       
Prakash Agarwal: 
One clarification SwasthFit would be wellness, right. So, those would be mostly 
routine? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I actually won't call it wellness; I think it's probably a wrong term to use because 
wellness sounds as if the patient is not completely healthy. I think it's upgrading 
of those two or three tests to a bundled test portfolio. So, I think it's a mix of 
illness and wellness together rather than only wellness. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, you are saying prices there, you could rationalize a bit and increase one with 
some of the specialized ones? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
No, I don't mean rationalize, I am just saying realizations per test, because 
SwasthFit has a lot more number of tests in the package. See what you and I 
look at normally the revenue per patient, right. But what is also important to look 
at revenue per test. That, to me when you look at SwasthFit revenue per test 
directionally it is lower than if you order individual tests. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And how about looking at EBITDA per test, or EBITDA per patient? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
EBITDA per patient, maybe higher but EBITDA per test maybe it’s lower 
because your overall realisation per test is going down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We take the next question from the line of the Dheeresh 
Pathak from Whiteoak Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Just trying to understand the non-COVID, ex-Suburban patient growth. So, you 
said revenue growth was 15% like to like non-COVID, ex-Suburban and then 
you gave some numbers on realization Rs. 652 and Rs. 707. So, that is like an 
8% growth utilization per patient. So, that 15% revenue growth and 8% 
realization that leaves like a 6% to 7% like-to-like patient growth, but you also 
talked about 12% growth like-to-like so can you just help me reconcile? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, it has an impact, because in Suburban we have a little higher realization as 
compared to our own company. So, these patients include Suburban as well, 
which was not there in last year same quarter. Apart from that, Bharath was 
mentioning about the mix and all. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
This Rs. 652 is obviously, last year base is a keen realization number, right, 15% 
of the keen revenue growth like to like. So, Rs. 707, which is the realization this 
quarter, you are saying this is blended realization with Suburban. So, can you 
help us with like a clean realization ex-Suburban per patient? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Understood, so I think that's about 2% growth, right. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
RPP growth is 2.5%, revenue per patient, I don't have a number exactly, right 
now.  
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, RPP ex-Suburban; we can come back separately.  

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 24 of 26                     
                       
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Okay, I will talk to you. But I think, basically the Rs. 707 figure is including 
Suburban business also. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
But this would not be a whole lot different, right, because you said last year we 
were closer to Rs. 690 or something. So, even if this is let's say instead of Rs. 
707 this was Rs. 690, then also it's like a 6% realization growth. So, patient 
growth on the like-for-like this thing is only 9%? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I think we will come back. Sorry, I couldn't get your name? 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Dheeresh from Whiteoak. I again touch base. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, we will touch base, thank you. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
The other question I had was on this Suburban, you are saying, so realization 
per patient is good in Suburban. Gross profit is increasing with Suburban. So, I 
am assuming the gross margin is not an issue. So, the issue is you are saying 
the network is company-operated instead of franchisee operated and that is not 
properly utilized. And that you are going to transition to a franchisee owned, is 
my understanding correct? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
We will do both because in any case Labs are even, Dr. Lal PathLabs is also 
company owned, company operated. So, we will probably make the assets 
sweat more as the existing ones. And the network business which comes 
through franchisee that's where our focus would be because I think Suburban 
traditionally has been focused on walk-in into the lab. And they have been 
investing more in the lab infra, compared to Dr. Lal PathLabs, there is a scope 
to improve productivity there. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay, but this will take time there's no option to right size it like properly because 
you can always add franchisee centers later right? And they were quite 
concentrated in a few cities, right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I don't want to have the pressure of quickly making this margin look very similar 
to industry margins and Dr. Lal PathLabs margin. I want to make sure that our 
top line grows in these places. And then only automatically our output-input ratio 
will improve if we increase our top line, which we are currently hopeful that we 
should be able to do that. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Last question, what percentage of revenue is from aggregators, it shall be very 
small, but just to get a sense. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Single digit . 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Chaudhary from 
Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 25 of 26                     
                       
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Wanted to understand on the lab sharing arrangement that we may have with 
Suburban, so is it something that we are actually doing it or is it in plans that we 
will be using our network, meaning our lab network, and taking the samples from 
the Suburban because I saw an ad of Suburban, expanding in Indore also. So, 
wanting to understand instead of setting up Suburban lab will we be utilizing our 
own labs for the Suburban patients also. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, it makes sense. It’s one company right. We will definitely look at backend 
infra synergies. I don't think it makes sense to put another lab for Suburban, we 
are not competing with each other. So, we will figure a way out where one lab is 
able to service both the brand. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Any thoughts on probably like a question to the earlier participant where 
probably due to the rising competition, ESOPs probably can help in retaining 
even mid-level guys. So, because the competitive intensity is increasing, and 
they may want to take some employees from us, because we have been there 
in industry for a long time. Any thoughts around that like have you been 
evaluating or any other strategies that you are employing to probably retain the 
employees? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think employees are smart enough to evaluate such opportunities. I have seen 
many of them don't fall for short term raise in their salary. They also know the 
sustainability of the whole idea. So, as many of them who have actually gone 
from us have been wanting to come back as well. So, I think some of them are 
really smart to figure out, they know the careers are 30 or 40 years long, they 
are just not 2 to 3 quarters. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
So, last question probably, I asked it in earlier concall also, ads in newspapers, 
have you been evaluating because something probably has created noise has 
been the ads. So, why can't we spend because we have cash on the balance 
sheet, spend some money on ad on the front page and get some traction for Dr. 
Lal also, just asking you guys probably can have a thought around it. On the 
participation even in the T20 or IPL matches, which actually are good probably 
areas of getting customer attention, so just probably wanting your thoughts 
around that. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Maybe we can sit separately and discuss this. I mean, I think as all of us have 
worked for FMCG company as well. So, this business is by the way, still a 
medical business. It very hyper local city based. IPL is going all over the place 
your presence is mainly in two or three or five cities, you will sending it to the 
whole country. I think we can sit and discuss that. And this business is not about 
you see a hoarding and you go and get your pricked next day; it doesn’t work 
like that. So, I think, ultimately you are trying to solve a problem, which is a 
medical problem. It’s a very need based. And it's a three-way process. You still 
have to engage with the medical fraternity. 
 
And by the way, you also should know that in medicine, soliciting business this 
way is actually not a very appreciated format 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 
                                                                      Page 26 of 26                     
                       
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for the day. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you everyone for being with us on this call today. I wish you and your 
families remain safe and healthy.  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
