Registered Office: Lotus Star, Plot No. D-5, Road No. 20, Marol MIDC,  
Andheri East Mumbai – 400093 (MH) 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
  
 
 
CIN – L51909MH2007PLC174702 
                     140/2/2 Ring Road Squire Musakhedi, INDORE 452 001 (M.P) INDIA 
                                                                         Phone: 91-731-422300, Fax- 4221222/444  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email: info@brandconcepts.in 
 
 
 
Date: 03/08/2022 
 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                             BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department                                          Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                                                      
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,                                                                    Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                                Mumbai - 400051 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051, 
  
Symbol: [BCONCEPTS]                                                                Scrip Code: 543442 
 
Sub: Revised Link for the Schedule of Analyst/Institution Investors meetings under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 along with the Transcript.  
 
Dear Sir/Mam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015, find below the revised Concall Recording Link in reference to the schedule of analyst/institutional 
investors meeting with the senior management of the Company held on 1st August, 2022 along with the 
transcript. 
 
Link: https://youtu.be/1FI1AILaNzg 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Brand Concepts Limited 
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Swati Gupta 
Date: 2022.08.03 
15:34:36 +05'30'

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LTD 
 
Q1FY23 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar – Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
So, ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Post Result Conference Call 
of Brand Concepts Limited. Today from the management we have with us Mr. 
Abhinav Kumar, Whole-time Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may contain 
forward-looking statements, which could exemplify your judgment and further 
expectations regarding the developments in the business. These forward-
looking statements may involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual 
development and results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this 
is a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhinav Kumar, Whole-time 
Director and CEO. Abhinav, I'd request you to kindly brief the participants a 
bit about your business and performance for the quarter post, which we can 
open the floor for Q&A. 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Perfect. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. And thanks a lot for joining -- taking 
out time and joining today. I just first give a brief about what Brand Concepts 
is and what we do, how we operate. And then I'll come on to the quarter results 
as suggested by Vinay. 
 
So Brand Concepts as a company, we are into fashion accessories licensing. 
The business of licensing is, I think it's a very, very evolved concept 
internationally and now in India it is -- it has started gaining steam. So how 
licensing works, I just give a brief understanding of what licensing does and 
how we work in that space. 
 
So licensing, so any brand which becomes big, and they want to have a brand 
extension, they launch different categories right to extend their brand into 
various different categories. And in order to do that, the brand necessarily does 
not have the core competency of that category. So for example, if it is Levi's, 
for example, and if Levi's tomorrow it's a Denim brand, right? It's a worldwide 
Denim brand and that's what their core competency is, but if tomorrow Levi's 
wants to launch say watches, they feel that the brand is quite big and we want 
to get into watches. 
 
So but how do -- how will they get into watches, they don't have the know-how 
of watches. So, what they do is, they contact a watch expert, right and they 
outsource the whole brand to that watch expert. And this outsourcing is known 
as licensing. It's outsourced through a means known as licensing agreement, 
where you give the license to that company. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Now the company gets the rights not only to market the brand, but also to 
design, develop, manufacture and control the whole supply chain, the entire 
chain is controlled by this company, right. And in order in lieu of selling that 
brand, they are -- they get into an agreement of a royalty payout. 
 
So, whatever sales that happens there is a certain percentage of royalty, which 
goes to the principals, the brand owners, where the brand owners control the 
entire aspect or the functionality of their brand is through exercising a control 
over design approvals, and quality approvals. So obviously the design, quality 
all of this is approved by the brand. So that the brand sanctity is maintained 
and rest everything is left to the licensee to operate the entire business. 
 
A lot of companies that we know are working through this licensing mode or 
franchising mode in India. So, for example, a lot of these Madura Brands that 
you see, a lot of Reliance Brands, a lot of Arvind brands, they work through 
this genre itself. So, in a way we are very, very similar to these companies, who 
are operating into multi-brand setup. The only difference is that they are into 
apparel and we are focused on accessories. 
 
When it comes to accessories, there are three categories that we particularly 
deal with. One being Travel Gears, when I say Travel Gears right from soft 
bags, backpacks, business cases to your luggage, hard luggage, soft luggage, 
the entire realm, the entire gamut of products under Travel Gear. Then we have 
small leather goods in which we do men's, women's belts, wallets and other 
leather items. And the third category that we have is women handbags, lady’s 
purses and all. So, these are the categories that we operate in. 
 
And in terms of our distribution, if you see -- in terms of sourcing, for example, 
we have factories which manufacture for us. So, we tie up with these factories, 
and they work on our designs, our products, and manufacture and give it to us 
as a contract manufacturing. Once we sourcing the products, then we start 
distributing it across the country, all the licenses that we have are for Pan India, 
and there are exclusive licenses. So apart from us, nobody else can sell those 
products officially. 
 
So, in terms of our distribution, we cover the whole gamut of right from your 
big department store chains or large format chains like Shoppers Stop, 
Lifestyle, all these guys to having our own stores, own EBOs by the name, 
either it would be the particular brand store, or we have our own format of 
stores by the name Bagline. So, we operate Bagline stores across the country, 
and we sell through our own stores as well. 
 
And then, of course, we also have distribution where we cater to a lot of mom-
and-pop stores. So, we have distributed across the country, in lot of states 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
where we then cater to the multi-brand outlets of that particular town, city or 
state. Apart from this, we are also present on the digital platforms. So all 
Amazon, Flipkart, Myntra's of the world. And we have now in fact started 
developing our own marketplace as well and we're seeing a good uptick on the 
marketplace sales as well. 
 
So that's about distribution. So that's about what we do. So just like how any 
brand or any company operates, right from product inception to the end sale 
point, we also operate similarly, we control the entire lifecycle of the product. 
And yes, so that's what we do. 
 
Now coming on to the quarter results. I think we've seen a very, very healthy 
result and a positive growth. So, from quarter-on-quarter perspective, if we 
look at, I think we've grown by almost 20%, more than 20% quarter-on-quarter. 
The EBITDA has grown over 21.5%. Needless to say, the net profitability and 
PBT obviously shows a much, much higher growth percentage. 
 
So, it has been a really good quarter for us. And where we see that this quarter, 
what has helped us as has paid off well is that, A, we've grown in terms of our 
own brand sale also. So, our own brand sales also started growing. We have 
grown in terms of the large format stores have bounced back very well. 
 
So, post the pandemic, I think people are wanting to sort of go out and shop 
and hence the overall consumer market sentiment has been very good. Sales in 
the premium segment has been very good. So, our ASPs have also in fact gone 
up. Our discounting’s have come down. So, all these are very good signs for a 
retailer for a brand. And it shows the product offering that we are giving to our 
consumers, the consumers are very well accepting those product offerings. 
 
So, consumer sentiment in the Premium segment has also benefited us a lot. 
Apart from that now, our distribution business has started to make a very good 
headwind. We've started our distribution in the Northeast segment sector, we 
were not present earlier in the entire Eastern market. Now we've started the 
Eastern market and we are seeing good results in the Northeastern market 
where we place distributors, master distributors and work has started to pay off 
really well. 
 
So yes, so these have been online obviously continues to play a dominant role 
and as a company we are developing a lot of inhouse strength to be able to 
capture the entire digital sales and the entire digital platform is managed 
internally. So, I was speaking about the marketplace. We are now -- we are 
operating marketplaces on all the -- on all the major platforms. So Myntra, 
Ajio, Amazon, Flipkart. So marketplace gives us a much better control, a much 
better handle on taking our products live on these platforms and control the 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
discounting part as well and still grow in terms of sales where marketplace 
sales have shown a significant growth over last year. 
 
So yes, so these are the aspects which have actually contributed for our -- a 
good quarter result. I think that's what from my side, from the quarter 
perspective. Going forward in the next three quarters, we expect to continue 
similar kind of momentum. In fact, not only for these quarters, we also look at 
that in the next two to three years. We should be able to register a healthy 
growth. 
 
The company is working very, very actively with a couple of new brands to be 
added. And we're very, very confident that we should be able to add at least 
one brand in this year and we are very focused on adding only international 
brands. So yes, that's the outlook for this year and the coming years. So, I think 
we could now just open the house for questions, I think. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, sure Abhinav. We already have a question from Agastya Dave. You can 
go ahead. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Hey, am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Hello, Mr. Abhinav and thank you Vinay for hosting the call. How are you, 
sir? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All good. All good. Please tell me. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great to hear. So amazing quarter. Very nice performance. Sir, three things are 
still not clear with respect to the business model. One is can you take us through 
individual -- I'm not asking for names, don't give out names but can you 
categorize the various brands and the products that you have? And can you go 
a little bit more in detail as to which pockets are actually seeing more growth? 
Is there -- is this a very broad-based growth that you're seeing and likely to see 
going forward? Or are there particular products for example, is luggage doing 
much better than any other category or some such variation across brands and 
across categories and across price segments? 
 
Second question was in terms of the margins, and in terms of the revenue 
growth in both these cases will be see going forward as the scale of the 
company goes up that we will see jump -- a quantum jump in one particular 
quarter, and you may consolidate at that level for the next two, three quarters. 
And then again, a step-up move, or it will be a smoother upward journey. 
 
How should we understand the growth of the business going forward? Will it 
happen in like, very discrete jumps? Or will it be like a more secular growth 
trajectory? Those are the questions and how do the margins play out? How 
does for example operating leverage play out in the business? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right.  So, the second question, probably I would need a little more 
clarification. But first I'll answer your first question. So, the brands that we 
currently have today, so in the Travel Gear segment, the active brands today 
are Tommy Hilfiger. And the second is our own brand by the name Vertical, 
right. 
 
In the Small Leather Goods segment, we just have one brand which is again 
Tommy Hilfiger. And in the women handbags, we have our own in-house 
brand by the name Sugarush. We used to have two or three other brands. We 
had AND, Global Desi and Travel Gear brand and a sports brand by the name 
HEAD, right? These three brands were there which post COVID during the 
last year, we sort of let go of those bands, but there is a period of sell off and 
everything. So currently also we would be holding certain stocks and we are in 
the process of selling out those stocks at a price probably a little lower than the 
regular prices, but that's the way we are structured today. 
 
So if I talk about from a Brand share perspective, obviously, because the other 
brands are also on their way out, Tommy today has a much larger shape. So 
about 83%, 84% of the sales is from Tommy, about another 10% is now from 
our own brands, and the rest 6% is these brands, which are sort of going out. 
That's the fair sort of understanding or fair comparison. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Now, if I talk about within Tommy, if we talk about from a category 
perspective, right. So, if you see our SLG business has, we have been the 
number one brand in small leather goods across all formats, right, whether it is 
large format stores, or whether it is e-commerce, we have been one of the 
largest players in the Small Leather Goods segment, right. So our Small 
Leather Goods segment even in spite of being the Lion's share, or probably 
almost close to 40% of our sort of listing. 
 
We've grown there also, but we would have so for example, quarter-on-quarter, 
we would have grown at say about 11.5%, right. But yes, the Travel Gear 
business now has started seeing because people are now willing to travel. Since 
now, people are willing to travel, the Travel Gear business has started seeing a 
very, very good growth over the previous quarter. 
 
So we've registered almost 27% quarter-on-quarter growth, 27%, 28% quarter-
on-quarter growth on our Travel Gear business. And I see this momentum 
continuing going forward, right, because if you'll see Travel Gear as a category 
is poised for a very, very good growth from a medium to long-term perspective 
in India. The travel requirements are increasing whether it is because of office 
travel, official travel, or whether it is personal travel requirements, right. 
 
So, we see that, I particularly see that, we will still continue to have this kind 
of a growth momentum. And what is happening now in Travel Gear is that so, 
while small leather goods and these items were all always considered to be a 
fashion dominated items, right. So, it used to be a fashion dominated accessory, 
Travel Gear was never seen as a fashion dominated accessory, but the way I 
foresee that what happened with watches as an industry will happen to Travel 
Gear also going forward, because fashion from a country perspective, from the 
youth of the country perspective, the young population that our country has, 
fashion is something which is making inroads in leaps and bounds, right. 
 
So, just to give you the analogy of why I spoke about what happened with the 
watches industry, if you will recall till late 90s watches was still timekeeping 
device, right? I give this example time and again to make people understand 
the power of fashion. So probably I'm repeating myself on that account, but till 
late 90s also watch was given by his father to his son and more often than not 
or 90% of them used to be an HMT Watch, right. And look at 10, 15 years later 
by 2010, watch was the fashion industry. Today people have more watches in 
their closet for various different occasions, right. And even a company like 
Titan has a very, very healthy licensing portfolio. 
 
So Tommy Hilfiger watches, the license is with Titan, Titan has tied up with 
so many multiple fashion brands in various different price offerings to cater to 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
the various requirements of the consumer. So, what I feel is the Travel Gear as 
a segment and suddenly without taking any names of the current brands, but to 
be honest there, those brands have behaved more as commodity, rather 
behaving as a brand and that is where we see that players like us or fashion 
brands entering this the Travel Gear space is this is going to give us a good 
momentum for the next, say three to five years. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great, great. The second question was actually related to this, what I was trying 
to understand was the growth in the company, will it come in -- as you add 
more brands? Are you more dependent on adding new labels and new product 
lines for your growth or the individual categories will continue to grow, so 
you've kind of answered that in the first question. So, it's more looks like more 
secular in nature rather than. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It would be, but every brand that we add would for sure. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Add something more that is true, that is true, that is true, but the underlying 
business in the old categories in the old like established brands that will also 
continue to grow right, right. And can you just comment on the margin picture 
what we saw this quarter and what we have seen over the last two three 
quarters, we also know that inflationary pressures are there for everyone, right? 
And demand picture is also not very crystal clear. So, how do you see 
everything panning out in a steady state, because on one hand, you are now 
getting into a particular situation where your size is also increasing, individual 
category sizes are increasing and there will be inflection points where you see 
good margin levers in particular individual categories and also for the company 
as a whole. So, how do you see the margins playing out? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See in terms of, you're absolutely right, when you say that we have inflationary 
pressure. And I think it's an industry wide phenomenon and not only in our 
industry probably every industry, right. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Right. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, and coupled with it, since India is still not that adept in terms of Travel 
Gear manufacturing, the dollar also is not helping, right. But in our case, we 
have one advantage that we don't play in the mass segment. The premium 
segment, it is a little better, it is a little more I wouldn't say it is very easy, but 
compared to the mass segment, it is a little relatively easier to pass on that price 
to the consumer, right. Our consumers are not so affected by the inflationary 
pressures, right. All the SSC A Plus segment. So and as a brand Tommy 
Hilfiger, you see, it still maintains, its aspiration levels are very high. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
So, we have seen and hence I told you that in my initial opening speech itself, 
I said that we have been able to see a higher ASP growth right. During the 
month of May, if I may have gotten to that on our SLG business, on our small 
leather goods business in the entire large formats, probably we were the only 
brand, which was at a 0% discount. We were virtually on non-discount, right. 
And still we saw a very, very healthy growth in our like-to-like stores as well, 
right. So, which proves that the power of the brand is such that it should be 
able to negate certain inflationary pressures for us. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Right, right. Sir this quarter is a good representation then 50, roughly 50% 
margins, gross margins. This should be normalized level of margins, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, now going forward, Agastya what will happen is that when we look at 
adding more brands to our portfolio, they will be all strategic decisions, right. 
So we might be adding brands, which are lower priced, which gives us a better 
headwind or a better footing in the price conscious market, right, where if I talk 
about primarily from the Travel Gear perspective, that's where the whole heat 
is, right. That's where the sort of mass consumption happens. So, we might be 
looking at adding brands now, which are which gives us the handle to pitch it 
probably against a more popular brand in India today, right? 
 
We are right now to be high priced from those popular brands, and hence it's a 
different market segment. But tomorrow, we might be entering that market 
segment with again, a very strong brand offering and play at that price. Now, 
once that happens with these inflation pressures and all, yes, with those brands 
coming in we sure look at that the margin intake will not be as good as these 
premium brands that we are selling, one that we're selling, but overall, the size 
should also increase. 
 
So, net-net I think overall it should be maintained or probably one bps up and 
down should be the outlook is what we're looking at. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Got it. Thank you so much for answering the questions in such great detail. All 
the best sir. Thank you and congratulations, also. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks. Anybody else who wishes to ask a question you have the option of 
raise hand or else you may unmute and ask your question. Yeah, Raj, you can 
go ahead please. 
 
Raj: 
Firstly, congratulations on the quarterly results, great results. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Raj. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Raj: 
Yeah. So my first question would be, how are you de-risking the business? And 
what are your plans to bring in more brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So as I shared that, we are actively in discussions with a couple of brands. It 
just that our brands selection, it just that our brand selecting criteria is a little. 
We made a stringent criteria to select a brand and hence generally, closing on 
such big brands takes a little bit of extra time. But we are quite hopeful that 
this year we should be able to sign another big brand in our portfolio. And in 
terms of again, price segmentation, this brand would come in below the price 
point of Tommy Hilfiger. So where today if you look at Tommy is we play 
between VIP and a Samsonite, if I talk about Travel Gear. 
 
So we play between Samsonite and a VIP. So we are about 15%, 20%, 15% 
lower than Samsonite. But we are at least 30% above VIP and a 25%, 30%, 
40% actually and sometimes above VIP. So and we don't intend to bring the 
pricing strategy of Tommy down. And hence the right way to play is that we 
get a very strong, equally strong brand in the price segment where we can play, 
pitch it on little closer to the price point of VIP or an American Tourister. That's 
the kind of strategy. So, once we see all those brands coming in, in the next 
three years, I believe that there should be a very, very healthy contribution from 
the new brands also that we're looking at signing. 
 
And that in itself should de-risk the business to a large extent. That's one. 
Number two is, we are also working on building our own store chain network. 
And in terms of Bagline, we currently have about 16 Bagline stores across the 
country and which are touchwood performing very, very good for us. So slowly 
and steadily, we are establishing our own identity. 
 
And in fact, there we have the first mover advantage. We would be the first 
multi-brand specialty bag store in the country, right. So, where we can house 
more than one brand in our store. So that again, somewhere de-risks, de-
leverages our -- leverages our network and the infrastructure, but de-risks the 
overall business. So, I hope I could able to answer your question, Raj. 
 
Raj: 
Yes, I got my answer. Thank you. And I have one more question. So are you 
looking at any geographies beyond India? And what could be your strategy on 
that front like will you -- will your existing or new brands be the driver for 
export or export sales or will it be or in-house brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. So actually, that's a very good question. You got me there. So yes, see 
there are both the things. One is, I think India in itself has the opportunity today 
where I don't see any rhyme or reason why we can't grow at a 30% plus CAGR 
for the next three years, five years, right? So that kind of a growth in itself is 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
possible in India without having to move here and there. But at the same time, 
by now, we've created a very, very good engine where we understand a brand's 
handwriting, right? So, right, from design, development, to getting that brand 
manufactured. So, we've sort of built a very healthy engine when it comes to 
licensing of these accessory bags as a category, right? 
 
And if I talk about, if I look at the overall world scenario, U.S. is very big on 
licensing, right? So there are billion dollars as in $4 billion companies, which 
are built over licensing, right? Europe, again, has a lot of these big giants, 
which are into licensing and who built a very, very big business of keeping all 
these brands and moving into various different categories and all of them. 
 
But the moment I look at MENA or this Asian region, there's hardly any 
licensing sort of player, right. So that is where Brand Concepts gets, but we are 
at a unique platform where it's not only India, but so for example, Middle East, 
your -- the African belt, the Asian, the Pan, the South Asia as a market. There's 
no -- we get a sort of a first mover advantage if I can say that, right? 
 
So we are looking at leveraging that. So probably in so, for example, for 
Tommy, we don't have rights for international sales as of now, but with a few 
new brands, we would be pitching in for extension to a couple of other 
countries as well. But to be honest, I can't comment right now, whether we 
would get that license or not, right? So it's only time which will tell us. But 
yes, when we are making a pitch, we make sure that we make a strong pitch, 
we have our partners in line, who can take us to distribution for the entire 
Middle East. So all those talks are on, but I can't say it with conviction. So it's 
like, if it's not signed, it's not signed, right. If we sign it, we will definitely 
announce it. 
 
Raj: 
Okay, I got it. Okay, thank you so much, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Raj. Before we go to the next participant there is a question in the chat. 
Can you please talk about working capital across all the formats of 
distribution? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay, working capital across all formats of distribution? 
 
Moderator: 
Basically, your receivables and your inventories? And how do you manage all 
of that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. So I think the -- see I wouldn't know the exact percentages of inventory 
holding against the thing because, broadly, our inventory is divided between 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
two aspects. One is there's certain inventory, which it's a different line, which 
goes to the e-commerce, so there is a separate e-commerce line. So we hold 
inventories separately for certain styles, which are e-commerce specific, and 
then the rest is all offline. So and the idea is that we don't hold inventories 
exactly according to the channel wise, because then, optimizing inventories 
doesn't happen. 
 
So hence from an inventory perspective, we have offline and online, these two 
segregations, and through that, we still keep it fluid so that we don't ever have 
a bad inventory situation happening in either of the places, right. So that's from 
the inventory perspective channel wise. If you look at from a debtor perspective 
or debtor wise perspective, large format stores have a little higher debtor cycle 
then followed by your -- I think rest all debtors are pretty much in line, our 
debtor days range from a contractual perspective if you will see, it ranges from 
45 to 60 days with most of the cases, except for the large formats of course, 
where it is much higher debtor day. 
 
But considering the transit time, considering the deliveries and everything from 
the date of the invoice, our debtor days are almost about less than 70 days with 
all the other channels 70-75 days with all the other channels with large formats 
obviously tends to go a little higher. And hence, we are roughly about 90 to 95 
-- 90 to 100 days. Why you see a little higher debtor days in terms of the 
balance sheet or in terms of our results is because debtors are always calculated 
including GST and your turnover is always calculated removing the GST. And 
in our case, the GST is about 18%. So, it inflates the debtors by 18% over the 
-- this thing. 
 
In terms of our working capital management cycle in terms of various channels, 
of course, online or digital is one of the most efficient where our working 
capital cycle is very, very healthy. It's roughly around -- somewhere around 
100 days, or little less than that. So, under 100 days is the overall working 
capital cycle.  
 
For DND also, in fact, we introduced a concept of regional stockiest, a master 
distributor. So, through that we've been able to manage our cash flows much 
better. And hence, if you will see, we've been cashflow positive for the past 
three years even during COVID, while we declared losses, but we were 
healthily cashflow positive, and we continue to be so. So that is because of 
effective working capital cycle management. 
 
So even our distribution business, which typically in most of the companies 
have a very, very high working capital cycle. Our working capital cycle is 
about 90 days. So we do about four rotations of a day. Large format is the only 
one which is an aberration, which we all understand that, so while one of the 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
major channels for us is on outright, one channel continues to be on SOR 
enhance. From a debtor perspective, it looks a little higher on the board. So 
that's where some better management still has to come, there is a lot of scope 
of improvement over there. 
 
But rest all I think our company owned stores obviously will have because all 
your sales is in cash. So obviously, that's far better. Even our franchise stores, 
for that matter. There the overall working capital cycle would be between about 
120-130 days. So that's where overall it is. Overall, I think our overall working 
capital cycle is somewhere around 120 days odd, so we're able to do sort of a 
rotation of three approximately, which is we keep internally also, if we 
compare it to any other of our peer group or competitors, I think we have a 
much better -- much healthy working capital cycle days than a lot of 
competitors. I hope I've been able to answer this question. 
 
Moderator: 
Right. Thanks, Abhinav. We'll take the next question from Yogesh. Yogesh 
you can unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Yogesh: 
Can you hear me? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, we can. 
 
Yogesh: 
Actually, I just started following this company which means the questions are 
repetitive in nature. First thing I wanted to know of the total stores that we 
have, how much are company owned and company operated as of now? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, about nine stores are company owned, company operated. 
 
Yogesh: 
And how much are FOFO? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
16 stores are FOFO. 
 
Yogesh: 
Okay. So, out of the total sales, I see 5% sales is coming from our own brands, 
or sorry it is coming from the license -- the LFS. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Yogesh: 
And 5% is coming from LRFS? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. 
 
Yogesh: 
So, is it fair to assume that our own branded sales is 5% of the total sales? Not 
except for Tommy I'm saying, your Sugarush and brand Vertical. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay, I didn't get you here. You said the LFS is 17.7% for this quarter if you're 
talking about and the LRFS is about 12.2%. 
 
Yogesh: 
Okay. So, I wanted to know what is our own branded sales from Sugarush and 
Vertical? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
About 10%. 
 
Yogesh: 
About 10% is that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Yogesh: 
I think that is basically the company owned, company operated and franchise 
owned, franchise operated? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, no, no. So sorry, there's a little bit of a confusion over here. See, LFS 
basically means large format stores. So, you're like Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle, 
Central, or Kapsons all these big department store chains, right, where we 
supply our brands. And LRFS is basically licensor flagship stores, right. So 
licensors flagship stores, for example Tommy Hilfiger has its own stores, 
right? So they have about 100 stores across the country. Now, these stores also 
sell our products. So the Tommy India team, as in the company, they buy from 
us, and they sell it in their own stores, right. So that's the brand's flagship stores, 
right. So tomorrow, if we -- so when we had AND and Global Desi for 
example. Again, AND and GD has about more than 200 stores across the 
country. 
 
So, the bags that they were selling, it was the bags that was being supplied 
through Brand Concepts, right. So that capturing is of those sales, right. This 
is just a channel wise breakup. When it comes to brand wise breakup, or brand 
breakup, I had mentioned that our own brands, Vertical and Sugarush are 
contributing almost to about 10% of the sales. So, for this first quarter, that 
sales have been about INR 3.24 crores, right. And where we've been selling all 
these is, obviously some in distribution, some in our own store, so Sugarush, 
handbag for example, is seeing a positive result in our own stores. 
 
And plus, we are also present across multiple digital platforms. So we are 
present across Amazon, Flipkart, Myntra, all these places we sell over there. 
And on top of it, we are able to garner some sort of corporate sales inquiries, 
institutional business, where we do it in our own brand. So overall, net-net our 
own brands are about 10%. So that's not reflective up in the sheet. The sheet is 
the channel. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Yogesh: 
So, in COCO and FOFO stores, you sell all brands, basically, you can sell 
Tommy also and you can sell your Sugarush also or you can sell Vertical also? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. And whatever brands that we add, will go again go into all these stores. 
 
Yogesh: 
Okay. Okay. And what is the sales mix for HEAD or it's too nascent right now, 
because I see somebody written HEAD also as a part of our brand portfolio. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, it used to be -- maybe that's in fact. And I think I mentioned this, in my 
initial listing that there were three brands that we have let go of HEAD, AND, 
and Global Desi, these are the three brands that post pandemic last year we've 
let go of these brands. However, since our contracts with Logger and there's 
certain stocks which are still there. We continue to sort of sell those talks, but 
going forward, the new season planning and everything we've stopped in these 
brands. 
 
Yogesh: 
So any specific reason what went wrong or why you guys decided to go back? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So we've had our learnings and hence I was mentioning that we've made 
our brand selection criteria even more stringent. So if I talk about individual 
brands, for example, with HEAD the aim was that if we can look at the sports 
brand sort of flavor, which if you see in India, still brands like Nike, Adidas, 
all these are dominating. And they are a cult. So there is a huge section of 
population, which loves these sports brands, and hence, we had sort of taken a 
bet on HEAD that in terms of the Travel Gear, in terms of backpacks, in terms 
of all of this. We might have sports meets fashion kind of a segment, which 
we'll be able to try. 
 
But the popularity of HEAD in India was very, very limited. So, it's a very 
niche brand still, and doesn't have widespread presence in India, doesn't have 
any, there's no store of HEAD in India. So since the brand, the parent itself is 
not that widely present in India, hence we had a tough time in sort of making 
people educated about HEAD and one model of, one beauty of licensing, being 
in licensing is that, see I'm not here to build these brands. I'm here to sort of 
ride on their popularity, right? 
 
That's the reason, I'm paying them a royalty. So if a brand doesn't do well, I 
might as well come out of the contract and move on to another brand. That's 
the beauty of the speed. Unlike, when you start investing heavily on your own 
brand, even if you're bleeding, you will continue to bleed. Over here, it's not 
like that. If it is not working, we'll come out of the contract and then global. 
So, one learning that we got from HEAD was that, if you're signing an 
international brand, it needs to have some sort of presence in India right, it 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
needs to be. We don't want to build that presence in India, it already needs to 
have a presence and only then we will take that brand. 
 
Coming onto AND and Global Desi what we realized is that, while they're both 
beautiful brands and they continue to be one of my very, very good friends, 
very good relations with them still. But sadly the problem was that, it was a 
category construct problem. So AND and Global Desi both if you see they are 
Indian wear kurti brands, right and handbag is mostly a western wear, Western, 
right, it's a Western handbag. You sell those Indian handbags in volumes, potli 
bags and clutches and all that matches with Indian sarees but the bulk of the 
sale is of Eastern Western silhouettes. 
 
So, there we felt that there was a brand misfit, an Indian wear an ethnic brand 
selling western bags, so while we were getting a very, very good response in 
their own stores. So in LRFS, in AND and Global Desi store, we were getting 
a very, very good response. But outside that the response was a little timid. So, 
hence we decided to hang our boots on that. And another lesson learned that 
going forward, don't sign in new brands, right. 
 
Yogesh: 
Okay. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So I hope, I've answered your question. 
Yogesh: 
And I have one more thing. So VIP used to manage imports from China a lot 
of pre-pandemic. I think 40% probably used to import from China. And post 
pandemic they have increased their capacity and they are importing around 
10% from China. So, do you see a lot of market share gained by the players 
like VIP or Tommy or Safari, the Chinese brands which are selling in India, a 
lot of market share gain, or you think the price points were totally different. So 
that is not getting affected with that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See for us, these Chinese brands or local imports or whatever doesn't affect us, 
because currently that's not our market segment where we operate in, right. So 
we operate in the branded segments, so I don't see that much as a challenge. In 
fact, there I would say that be it Safari or sky bags with Safari, sky bags or 
American Tourister, or Kamiliant with all these brands, what these players 
have started doing actually, which is very good for the industry is that they are 
converting the bottom of the pyramid, they are converting that from on non-
branded to a branded segment, right. 
 
So, at least that churn is happening and happening very, very steadily. And 
that's music to our ears, to a player like us, which operates in the premium 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
segment, because once you come into a branded segment, it's just a value chain 
which keeps going up right rather than coming down anytime soon. And as I 
keep saying, fashion is a one-way street, so if today you're wearing a Peter 
England, tomorrow you move from a Peter England to an Allen Solly, from an 
Allen Solly to a Louis Philippe, from Louie Philippe to a Tommy, until/unless 
you've really done bad in your life, you will never go back to a Peter England, 
right. So, it's a one-way street, you keep going up the value chain. So, the more 
people who come into this branded portfolio, the better it is for players like us 
who operate in the Premium category, because these guys will keep coming up 
as the economy keeps growing. 
 
In terms of import, yes, we also were very, very heavily in fact, pre-COVID, 
we were almost 100% import when it came to our Travel Gear business. 
Thankfully, our Small Leather Goods business, it was always India and hence 
we do not see that much effect happening on the Small Leather Goods business. 
We were able to garner all the quantities back, we were able to work with our 
suppliers very, very closely and get the supply chain sorted post-pandemic, 
when we had to hold on to the orders, we were able to do that much better, 
because it was all Indian suppliers and you've been working with these 
suppliers for a pretty long time. So, from a Small Leather Goods perspective, 
so, hence, one huge chunk of our business was always from India, which was 
a boon for us. 
 
Now, thankfully, before COVID itself, we had started working with certain 
Indian suppliers in terms of our Travel Gear and we work very, very closely 
with them, obviously, when it comes to the quality standards and our products 
are obviously more led by design right in terms of feature, so, it takes a little, 
India is still not that good in terms of manufacturing, when it comes to 
manufacturing of Travel Gear. 
 
But the process started thankfully before COVID itself and now I can say that, 
we are getting quite better in terms of our manufacturing capabilities in India 
and going forward, I see that it will our dependence on China will reduce 
significantly once all these suppliers are up and running completely for us. 
 
Yogesh: 
And another thing, do you plan to set up a manufacturing plant or stitching line 
or something like that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, as I said, Travel Gear, from Travel Gear perspective, if you look at all our 
peer group also, VIP has its own complete manufacturing base and now in fact, 
for the backpacks and stuff like that, they're all 100%, almost 100% internal 
right, self-reliant. Even Safari has been investing pretty heavily in terms of 
their own manufacturing facilities. So and thankfully our quantities also now 
are such that, it makes sense to have your own sort of manufacturing setup. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
But having said that, I have always firmly believed that manufacturing is a 
different ballgame altogether. And hence we're looking at whether it is, if I 
start, if I look at to set up something from scratch today, I think will take a lot 
of time, so we are exploring all the options whether it is organic or whether it 
is inorganic or whether we can just probably take our unit, right where 
everything is a lot smoother. The learning experience, we don't have to sort of 
burn or bleed to get that experience. 
 
So, exploring all sorts of opportunities, and we shall keep all our minority 
shareholders also abreast on whatever developments happen in from that 
regard. But yes, in the Travel Gear segment, from all the mathematics and 
everything that we've done, it looks feasible that we might have some sort of 
in-house base. 
 
Yogesh: 
I think I'll come back. Thank you. I think I'll come back. This should be good 
for now. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All right. Thanks, Yogesh. 
 
Yogesh: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Anybody else would like to ask a question, we have one question in the chat 
again, how many EVUs are you planning to open in the current year, own plus 
Tommy? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sorry, how many, I didn't hear? 
 
Moderator: 
How many EVUs are you planning to open in the current year, own plus 
Tommy as in Bagline and Tommy? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See this year, now from here till March, we're looking at opening another say 
about five to six new stores, which should take these stores count, which should 
take these store count to about 30, 32 stores by the end of this year. And we 
look at primarily opening so, if it is a strategic location or something, we might 
open one Tommy Travel Gear store, but bulk of it is going to be Bagline. 
 
So, the focus is more on opening Bagline stores. So that tomorrow, if we have 
new brands or further bands, we are able to include those brands in our stores. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure. Abhinav, since there are no further questions, would you like to give a 
closing comment before we end this call? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 1, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so thanks a ton guys. And I think we're poised for a very, very good 
journey going ahead. I would just like to add one more aspect to this entire 
thing. I think, as a company, we are just at that influx point where the entire 
engine and everything is set is ready, the infrastructure is ready. And at the 
moment, we have a couple of more brands, which gives us a more inclusive 
play, which gives us the play of certain price points also, I think that's when 
the whole, this whole this thing will sort of will come together, right? So and 
we're very, very -- I'm very, very thankful to all our minority investors, all our 
investors, who have shown faith and believed in us, and we will continue to 
grow strong. 
 
So needless to say, we are now on the runway and we'll ask everyone to buckle 
up your seats and sit back, enjoy -- sit back, relax, and enjoy the flight. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
With a Tommy Hilfiger suitcase, yeah? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Of course. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you so much, Abhinav. And thank you all participants for removing 
your time for this call. And look forward to catching up with you all in the next 
quarter. Thank you so much, and thanks to the management for this call. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, thank you Vinay. 
 
