 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 28, 2022 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day, and welcome to Sona Comstar's Q1 
FY23 Earnings Call. Please note, all participant lines are in the listen-only 
mode for as of now. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call is being 
recorded. We request that you to mute your line except when you are 
asking a question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Going on slide number two. Some of the statements by the management 
team in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and we 
request you to refer to the disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further 
details. The management will also not be taking any specific customer-
related question or confirm or deny any customer names or relationship 
due to the confidentiality reasons. Please refrain from naming any 
customer in your questions.  
Now I will hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh. He is the head of consumer 
and digital commerce research, India and lead auto analyst at Nomura. 
Kapil, please go ahead. Thank you.  
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Good day everyone. To take us through the Q1 FY23 results and answer 
your questions with us, we are pleased to welcome the management team 
from Sona Comstar. We have with us Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD and 
Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO 
of the Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of the Driveline Business; Mr. 
Rohit Nanda, Group CFO and Mr. Amit Mishra, Head of Investor Relations. I 
will now hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and the 
presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil and welcome everyone to the earnings call of the first 
quarter of financial year 2023, where we have achieved our highest 
quarterly revenue numbers ever, so far.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
We believe that when talking to our shareholders, bad news should take 
the elevator while good news can take the stairs, so we will begin with the 
negatives. In the last call I had said that we expect margin pressure to 
continue in the near term, and so it has. We had another steep steel price 
increase in April and also faced cost issues due to power outages. On the 
demand side, two of our major markets, Europe and Asia, were severely 
impacted due to the Russia-Ukraine war and the Covid lockdowns, 
respectively. Because of all these issues, despite strong revenue growth, our 
EBITDA margin has been pushed to what is its lowest level in the last six 
years, barring the two covid quarters. And this is all after cost pass-throughs 
to customers, as Rohit will explain in his slide later. 
  
Having said that, we believe that the good news outweighs the bad. Raw 
material prices for steel, copper and aluminum have begun cooling off, 
and we expect to see the benefits from the current quarter itself. Freight 
rates too have started moderating, and power availability is also much 
better now. On the growth front, despite the slowdown in Europe, We 
continue to expect FY23 to have the same kind of strong revenue growth 
as we have seen in the last few years, especially in the second half of the 
fiscal. This is given that a strong order book will start converting into 
revenues in the second half.  
 
Q1 was also special for being our second-best quarter ever for business 
development, led by significant new EV Program wins for final drive 
differential assemblies and two-wheeler traction motors both from large 
and established OEMs. 
 
Slide 4: 
 
Beginning with the numbers, we have had good revenue growth 
sequentially and a robust growth of 18% on a YoY basis. On the EBITDA 
front, RM cost increases and some one-time expenses that Rohit will 
elaborate upon later, have kept growth down to 3%, while net profit has 
risen by 5% year on year. We are seeing margin pressure beginning to ease 
off during the July to September quarter, and we hope this reversal in 
inflation continues.  
 
The revenue growth has once again been led by our BEV revenue, where 
we have grown by 68% and reached 29% revenue share in this quarter. 
 
Slide 5: 
 
As I mentioned in my opening line, this was our best quarter from a revenue 
perspective. Our growth becomes even more remarkable when seen in the 
context of our industry. The automotive industry has gone through an 
unprecedented, and I know this word gets tossed around very lightly these 
days, but I use it sparingly, and this fits the occasion that it has gone 
through an unprecedented tough run for the last three years. In fact, at 18 
odd million of light vehicle sales, Q1 sales were merely 12% higher than Q1 
FY21, which was the very height of the Covid pandemic.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
 
When we compare on a YoY basis, from where we were last year to now, 
global light vehicle sales have declined by 17%, while we have 
outperformed by delivering 18% of purely organic growth in the last year. 
All credit, as always, to Vikram and Sat for their leadership and our fantastic 
teams that keep delivering against all odds. 
 
Slide 8: 
 
Now an update on our biggest strategic priority, electrification. Our BEV 
revenue share has increased to 29%, and in absolute terms, this has grown 
by 68% to over 1.6 billion rupees in the last quarter. We continue to build on 
our EV order book, and in Q1, we have added 6 new EV programs from 4 
new EV customers.  
 
To enumerate them, in India, we have won a motor program from a new 
age electric two-wheeler customer, one EV differential gear program from 
a CV customer, who is an existing customer for their ICE business, but are 
new EV customers. Internationally, we won an order for a unique non-
differential drivetrain part from an existing large global EV customer. Now, 
this is not very significant commercially as a program, but it demonstrates 
rather vividly, how much faith our customers have in our customized and 
solution-led approach that they are willing to entrust us where other 
suppliers could not deliver and even with products that we do not 
traditionally make. 
 
The remaining 3 program wins are substantial enough that we would like to 
elaborate upon them in the next slide.   
 
Slide 9: 
 
We really wanted to highlight these two wins to you, our shareholders, as 
they are significant for the future of both businesses, commercially as well 
as directionally. The first one is a large volume traction motor program that 
we have won from an established and leading Indian two-wheeler OEM; 
this is for their flagship EV two-wheeler. The program has come after a 
yearlong technical engagement with the customer, and this has resulted in 
this is our largest ever order win for our traction motor. This program is slated 
to begin serial production in this financial year itself, end of Q3 or early Q4. 
This win is a major confidence booster for our motor business. I mean, all of 
you know that the traction motor business we really began two and a half 
years ago, and we have taken a new electrified direction. So this is a major 
reaffirmation of our endeavour and our intent.  
 
Saving the best for last, we have won two new EV programs for final drive 
differential assemblies from a European OEM, one for their sedan line and 
one for their SUVs. This is an existing customer for their ICE models, but with 
this, we have added them to our list of EV customers. We will be supplying 
to all of their global manufacturing locations, and in value terms, this is the 
second largest single order win we have ever had. So yeah, quite 
significant from a future perspective. Our engineering and marketing teams 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
went through eight months of rigorous technical discussions, process audits 
and finally overcame extraordinarily stiff global competition to land these 
programs. 
 
Slide 10: 
 
 
With this addition of 6 new EV programs, we have reached 36 EV programs 
spread across 23 unique customers. To increase transparency and data 
quality, we have added a table that shows the program and customer 
distribution, also across vehicle segments and product groups, and the fact 
that we have 19 EV drivetrain programs across 10 unique passenger vehicle 
customers and that we already have 10 EV motor programs across 9 
customers, should hopefully demonstrate how deep and diversified our EV 
penetration is becoming on a global basis.  
 
Once again, the fact that 26 of the 36 are yet to enter serial production 
also demonstrates how much future EV revenue growth remains to be 
realized right now. 
 
Slide 12: 
 
This quite neatly brings me to our net order book. We did consume some 
parts of the order book as some programs entered serial production or 
ramped up to full volume, and frankly, that is the reason for our sequential 
growth in a declining market; and as I mentioned before, this was the 
second-best quarter for new wins, and with the addition of 28 billion worth 
of new orders last quarter, at the end of Q1 FY23, our net orderbook has 
expanded to 205 billion rupees. If you actually were to compare this to last 
year full year, this is almost 9.6 times the full FY22 revenue, which is quite a 
good number to have.  
 
In addition to the six EV programs discussed earlier, we have also added 
seven programs for non-EV applications, but they were smaller in size. With 
this, now, the EV portion has reached two-thirds of the orderbook. 
 
Slide 14: 
 
Now to diversification, and usually, this is more information sharing, but this 
time, it is actually quite relevant because of the disproportionate effect on 
markets. So first, we will begin with revenue mix by powertrain. One can 
naturally see the significant progress on BEV share in the last three years 
going from merely 2% to 29%, while ICE-dependent revenue has decreased 
in the same period from 27% to 17%. What is special or what is notable in 
this quarter is a large reduction in the micro-hybrid and hybrid category, 
which I believe bears explaining. So, a majority of our micro-hybrid and 
hybrid sales happen in the European and Asian markets, which is natural as 
these are the two markets which have the highest proliferation of hybrid 
vehicles, and as the next slide will show, this quarter, sales in both these 
markets were severely impacted due to the Russia-Ukraine situation and 
inflation in Europe, and due to the stringent covid lockdowns in China. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
 
Slide 15: 
 
As you can see in this chart, Europe and Asia, which constituted around 
40% of our revenue in FY22, were reduced to only 21% in Q1, and at the 
cost of repetition and of perhaps sounding like we are beating our own 
drum, I think this chart truly reveals the resilience of our business model. It 
truly tells one that why is the diversified revenue mix important, that despite 
the fact that we had such a huge drop in our third and fourth largest 
markets, they nearly halved, we actually managed to grow our revenue by 
18% on a total basis, and you know, we hope that it makes our 
shareholders as proud and pleased as it makes us and the team. 
 
Coming to product mix, the same geographic factor is visible as micro and 
plug-in hybrid starters fell from 26% to 17%. The other notable trend here 
and that it also repeats itself in the vehicle segment revenue mix is the 
happy discovery that traction motors and hence electric two-wheelers 
have reached 4% of revenue, far ahead of our own internal estimates to 
be honest. I think in the last quarter call or the last-to-last quarter call, I had 
said that we expect it to be mid-single digits at the end of FY23. We are 
getting there faster, which is a testament to one our market share is higher 
than we estimated it to be, while electrification remains at the same level 
but at least for our customers, it is working out well.  
 
With this, I will turn the call over to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to discuss 
the progress on technology. Over to you, sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Slide 16: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 17: 
 
Research and technology development is exciting and enthralling, yet it is 
a crusade of patience and perseverance. R&D is not for short term; it's for 
long term. Not many changes in its status occur in a quarter. So, I am 
presenting the same chart many of you would have seen before.  
 
For those attending this call for the first time, our technology roadmap 
addresses two revolutions in mobility: Electrification and Automation. Our 
vision is to become a significant player in electric, autonomous, and 
connected vehicles, and the road map displays these very intentions.  
 
The map shows our past, present, and future product offerings, depicted by 
the dark area for our legacy and core products, the blue area for the 
products we developed in recent years, and the white area for our 
aspirations for the future. The chart lays out the way forward for our 
technology development and the acquisition of competencies.  
 
Several products in the white region are currently under development in 
our R&D centres and will move to the blue area as their development 
fructifies. Last year, for example, three products entered the blue zone: an 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
integrated motor controller module for the predictive active suspension 
and spool gear and epicyclic gear set for the EV drivetrains. The first 
product has allowed us to expand into the growing autonomous and 
connected space. The other two have allowed us to extend our reach in 
the various EV drivetrains' architectures.  
 
While the right side of this chart is relatively crowded, one can see ample 
space in the autonomous and connected quadrant on the left. We are 
currently exploring acquisitions and potential technology partnerships to 
enable us to address the emerging sensing, perception, and telematics 
needs of autonomous vehicles.  
 
With that, I will hand over to Rohit to cover the financial update. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 18: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to 
share our first quarter results with you.   
 
Slide 19: 
 
Our first quarter revenue has grown by 18% year on year to 589 crores, 
which is the highest ever revenue reported by us. Our BEV revenue 
continues to show strong growth as it grew by 68% year on year. This now 
constitutes 29% of our total sales. Our non-BEV revenue also grew, though it 
grew by 6%, but that's despite our top three geographies of North America, 
India and Europe, which actually saw a decline of 14% in the light vehicle 
sales over the same period.  
 
Our EBITDA at 142.5 crores grew by 3% year on year, whereas EBITDA 
margin has declined by 3.5%. 3.4% of the margin decline is explained by 
the increased raw material prices. This is despite cost pass-through for a 
major part of the material prices because of the arithmetic effect of it. 
Besides this, there were also some additional non-routine costs incurred 
during this quarter which have neutralized the positive impact of operating 
leverage. These include 2.1 crore incurred due to severe power outages 
and one-time expenses on new tech partnerships about Rs. 1.3 crore.  
 
Our PAT stood at 75.8 crores which is higher by 5% compared to the 
adjusted PAT for the first quarter of last year. Reported PAT of last year had 
actually a one-off impact of Rs 10 crores for reversal of IPO expenses and 
the same was disclosed last year as well. Our lower finance cost this year 
has improved the margin transmission from EBITDA to PAT.  
 
Slide 20: 
 
Given that the drop in our margin is coming from RM price inflation, we 
would like to once again demonstrate how inflation and input prices, even 
with a 100% cost pass-through, lead to lower margin due to arithmetic 
effect, and we will do it through this illustration that you can see on the 
screen.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
 
As you can see, for a company with a 55% material margin, if RM costs 
were to increase by 25%, even with a full cost pass-through, the margin for 
the company would drop by 560 basis points. The company will make the 
same amount of material margin, which in this illustration is 55 rupees, but 
the margin percentage would drop because of the arithmetic effect.  
 
Slide 21: 
 
Now from the illustration, we move on to how RM prices have actually 
affected EBITDA margin for Sona. On this slide, we have used indexed alloy 
steel prices for Sona to show you that while cost of the largest raw material 
consumed by the company has gone up by 25%, our margin has fallen only 
by 350 basis points over the same time.  
 
It clearly establishes how the company has managed to largely contain 
the adverse impact of RM price inflation through various measures like cost 
pass-through, growth, mix and other cost-saving initiatives like value 
engineering and value addition. 
 
The market news flow, as well as the global macros along with the spot 
prices, indicate that we may have potentially seen the highs in the metal 
prices and like Vivek has already mentioned in the beginning, if this 
inference is correct, we should expect the metal prices to come down and 
for its impact to unfold over the forthcoming quarters. 
 
Slide 22: 
 
Finally, we move on to the last slide, which reflects our key ratios.  
 
We start off with Value Addition to Employee Cost, which now stands at 5.9 
times. It has shown continuous improvement over the past three years, 
reflecting the strength in the P&L and the ability of the company to 
withstand shocks.  
 
Our Return on Capital Employed (RoCE) now stands at nearly 29%, which is 
similar to March-20 levels. It has declined from the higher levels we have 
seen in March-21 and -22 due to increase in the working capital and capex 
undertaken by the company as we undergo the expansion process. 
 
Our Return on Equity (RoE) is strong at 29%; however, it is also lower than the 
previous periods because of the base effect coming from the primary 
equity issued in the IPO last year.  
 
Our Net Debt continues to be negative, reflecting a significant headroom 
to borrow in case a need were to arise.  
 
Working Capital Turnover is stable at 3.9 times, confirming that the growth in 
working capital is in line with the revenue growth.  
 
Fixed Asset Turnover ratio is slightly lower at 4.5 times due to capitalization 
of some of the new projects by the company.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
 
With this, we have come to the end of our Q1 earnings presentation, and I 
will now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We are now at the Q&A portion of this presentation. 
We will now open the floor for Q&A session. If you wish to raise a question, 
please use the raise hand function allocated at the bottom right of the 
Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to speak up, or you 
can submit your question via the Q&A chat box addressing to all panelists. 
Please be reminded to keep your questions to a maximum of two 
questions. If you have more questions, please return to the queue. Thank 
you. 
Kapil Singh:  
Deanna, by the time the question queue builds, I'll just ask a couple of 
questions. So Vivek, congratulations, first of all, you know, we have seen 
strong order wins for this quarter, and in some sense, this was one question 
we had asked you many times, you know, in terms of your differential 
assembly order wins for other global customers. So, what more can you tell 
us about this order in terms of either the segment or, you know, why do you 
think you won this order, you know, that some of that insight would help?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, I don't want to give anything away. What we realized recently is that 
our customers and competitors also read the transcripts of these calls, so 
we don't want to give any competitive advantage away, but, you know 
what, also the spotlight should be on Vikram. He is the man who deserves it. 
So Vikram, if you want to say something, anything that doesn't get us into 
trouble, you can share more on that win with Kapil. 
Vikram Verma: 
Like all global OEMs do assessment of many new suppliers like us, and they, 
we qualified in comparison with all the known big suppliers of the similar 
products which they make. So, we were selected to be one of the bidders 
for this big global OEM while, as Vivek explained that there was a rigorous 
technical audits' qualification in terms of future-ready products available 
with us that brought us onto the spotlight to bid against those big Tier-1 
suppliers and finally, we won against mostly on the technical ground, I think 
this is an opening for more such things happening in future. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, to add, Vikram is unusually modest today. So, I'll add a little bit. One, we 
have replaced the incumbents who were always the drivelines suppliers, 
which is big deal in Europe, bigger than we have always found American 
customers easier to enter into than Europe. So, this was one big thing. It has 
mainly come on our technical provenance because, you know, the six-
year head start that we have, working with our original, the first customer 
we started working with, has taught us a lot of things that only come by 
doing millions of types. I think that has, you know, helped a lot in the 
technical part. We weren't the best commercially, to be honest, but we still 
won because technically, that advantage was far superior. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, that's great to hear. Could you give some more insight? When you 
say technically more superior, what exactly does that mean?  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I don't even think most people will understand it. It is to do with processes. It 
is to do the processes of making the final drive differential assembly lighter 
and able to transmit more torque. In the end, if I had to simplify it, more 
torque per gram, in the end, that's what it comes down to. It can require 
many skills. There are some parts of how you put it together which are not 
as strong. So, you change the process of doing it and to make it stronger. 
So, yeah, I mean, we will be getting into engineering design and metallurgy 
if I had to answer that.  
Kapil Singh:  
That much is good. I don't think I'll understand too much beyond this. 
Second, I also wanted to check on, you know, the domestic two-wheeler 
order that we have won and, you know, there is this concern which is there 
that there is a lot of competition in motors and, you know, there is so many 
motor manufacturers, but what you highlight in case of differential 
assembly has been that, you know, it's not just about the price. So, is it the 
same thing for the two-wheeler OEM order as well that we have got that It's 
not about the price that at which you are supplying, but more about the 
technology that you are giving? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I mean, of course, as you know, ever since we decided to go public, we 
have been asked this question hundreds of times and, you know, some 
people are skeptical, some people are more believing, but let's understand 
a couple of things. One competition will be there. If there is anything that is 
a high-value part, it is going to have competition. It is going to have global 
competition. We have always had global competition in the two product 
areas that we were originally in. Also, we have always been top ten 
suppliers, if not the top five suppliers for the products we make; we are for 
all of them. Even in this new one, think about it, if you are a vehicle maker 
and a two-wheeler maker, what is important in the vehicle, to be honest, 
apart from the battery, the traction motor, the motor controller and the 
BMS? I don't know how much more innovation or product differentiation 
you can bring apart from these four. I am not saying other things are not 
important. Seats are important, aesthetics are important, wheels are 
important, everything has importance, but there are some products that 
are more equal than others. Traction motor is one of them. If your entire 
vehicle differentiation rest on 3 or 4 things, won't you want them to be best 
and not just the cheapest? I mean, we are not dealing with commodity 
parts, and hence just as oh it is cheaper hence will be more. And as we 
transparently share, our average motor production right now is about 
13,000 motors. All of you have the Vahan data and e-two-wheeler data; 
the market share calculation is not that tough. We like letting the numbers 
speak for us, and we firmly believe that what we do is who we are and not 
what we say, what we believe, or what we desire to be. A lot of people will 
say things; our numbers are there, you can see it. Just the fact that and we 
are an independent motor maker, we are not aligned with any particular 
OEM or group or anything; we still tend to win usually on product quality. Of 
course, you also have to be commercially competitive. That goes without 
saying. But yeah, we have, again in this case, displaced an incumbent 
global supplier, which is our competition almost always. In life, it is a choice 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
when looking at competition that whether we choose to compete with 
those we consider above us or do we look at people who are not as good 
and then just be happy with where we are. We have taken the first path. 
We respect the competition. We are almost always very, very conscious of 
any new competition coming and we believe it's great. Competition forces 
product innovation. It makes us better, it makes our process iterative, it 
makes our board, our shareholders question us and makes us want to 
improve. So yeah, I am sure it won't end the questions on competition or, as 
I have learned a new phrase - right to win. What is your right to win, they 
keep asking? So, but that's okay, right? I mean, we will keep doing and 
hopefully, what we do will prove the skeptics wrong and the believers right, 
and that's the way we want it to be. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, Vivek, for the detailed answers. Yeah, Deanna, we could take 
the Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Okay. I will go through those participants who have raised hand. Just a 
reminder that please keep your question to two questions maximum, and 
then you can go back to the queue. We will start off with Gunjan Prithyani. 
Hi Gunjan, your line is unmuted. Please go ahead.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yeah, Hi, can you hear me? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, Gunjan, go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay. So, thanks for taking my questions. I just had a couple of 
clarifications. Firstly, on this two-wheeler, clearly a pretty big win. So, I 
remember during the last conference call, we had spoken about 6-7% 
revenue share coming from this category by the end of F23. Do we think 
that, you know, this category can be even more meaningful, given this is 
quite a big win? So how should we think about the ramp-up of this segment 
in terms of revenue contribution? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We like to stick to that guidance; if there is another happy surprise, great 
because this program begins end of Q3 or early Q4. So, it will just be a 
quarter, right? So, I don't know how much it will change in percentage. 
Also, in the second half, we have a lot of other programs coming up in the 
driveline 
business. 
New 
programs 
launching 
and 
these 
relative 
percentages, Gunjan, are always tricky.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay, got it. And okay, now that you brought up that, you know, some of 
the other programs will get into serial production. I mean, this order book is 
really very impressive. I am just trying to get a little bit more colour on this, 
you know, how should I think about the magnitude of programs which can 
go into serial production in the next 12 months or 18 months because, you 
know, this is a pretty big order backlog or orderbook which can be 
executed over the next 8-10 years. But if I have to think about next 2-3 
years, you know, if you can just help us, how should we think about the 
magnitude which can go under execution within the next two years or so? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
This is FY23. So, they will, I know for the fact that there are three large 
programs entering production this year, but they won't fully ramp up, none 
of them, because they are all in the second half. But if I take FY26 also, so 
23, 24, 25, 26, that is majority of them should have ramped up. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
This is you are talking about the three large, you know, programs. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I don't want to give away the whole thing; otherwise, you know, I 
might as well just give the revenue of each of these years, think about it. It 
is, just to help you, it is shaped like a croissant like I have said before. It is 
slightly thin in the beginning, very thick in the initial half and then it is a 
longer tail. So yeah, 24, 25, 26 are the three big years of pipeline 
conversion. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay, got it. I don't know how to think about the croissant parallel that you 
draw, but I was just trying to understand in terms of the value opportunity 
because there are clearly three large programs, but you know, I don't know 
the value, and if I look at this order book, it is very impressive. Almost nine 
times the revenue that as you yourself quantified. But anything that you 
can help us understand, you know 20%, 30%, what goes into execution 
within the framework of next three years, four years, I mean I am fine if you 
give by F26 as well. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Pratik, would you be able to help with that? I would not know this number 
top of my mind, but I know that 3-4 big programs, and not the one that we 
talked about today. One of the motor ones is in that, but there are two very 
large differential assembly programs that are going into production in FY23. 
They won't fully ramp up, but yeah, second half has two big new programs 
and the motor, so three, yeah. Pratik, can you give a percentage, rough 
percentage, or range, FY23, 24, 25 in these three years, how much of this 
pipeline is getting into production? 
Pratik Sachan:  
I will need to just calculate it. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Right, okay, so we will try and get back. But my estimate would be that 
maybe almost half. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Sorry, almost?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Half. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. And the last question maybe from my side is the market shares 
that, you know, you usually give us some sense on maybe diff assembly, 
motor, how have we trended? I know quarter to quarter, these are not 
numbers that I should bother with but, you know, directionally, if you can 
give us some sense. Is it progressing in terms of gains? Still within across 
segments, particularly the diff assembly?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, that's I think it's where it was because nothing material has changed. 
So yeah, it is where it was. Motor, what had I said, 15% odd? I would think it 
would be slightly higher. So, I think let's be on the safer side of it and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
continue to say 15. Also, if you know, this quarter, some incumbent electric 
two-wheeler makers did not produce enough. I guess the ones who were 
affected more by the China lockdowns and hence we may have a 
temporarily higher market share because of that factor because, you 
know, people, our customers have a more India-centric supply chain. So, I 
think that right now, it's much higher than the 15% number, but I think we'll 
stay that for a longer-term guidance.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And Rohit, could you just… 
Moderator: 
I am sorry, Gunjan, we would like to keep the question to two only for each 
participant. Please go join back the queue. Thank you. We will go back to 
the next person asking question is, Gautam Sinha Roy. Hi Gautam, your line 
is unmuted; please go ahead with your two questions.  
Hello? Okay, so we can't hear you at all. Can you please speak up 
because if not, we go to the next speaker? Next investor Amyn Pirani. 
Amyn your line is unmute. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Hi, thank you, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Very good. Go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thank you. First of all, thanks for continuing to give the impact of RM and 
how it impacts margins. I think that is something which is very useful, but my 
question was on overall EBITDA and EBIT growth vs Revenue growth. So, I 
mean, it looks like other expenses have seen a lot of inflation. So, if you can 
help us understand what is happening there because EBITDA growth, EBIT 
growth is actually quite muted compared to the overall topline growth. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Hi Amyn, yeah, so I think the increase in other expenses is primarily because 
of a change in mix as, you know, we have two business lines, so, you know, 
one business line is primarily more an assembly line and the second one is 
the manufacturing, so one has a higher material costs and the other one 
has higher manufacturing expenses. So, you know, the shift of revenue from 
one business to another leads to this. Apart from the two cases that I 
mentioned, the higher power cost, which is about 2 odd crores, and one-
time expenses related to tech partnerships, that's about 1.3 odd crores, so 
these are the two expenses which were slightly, I would say out of the 
ordinary. Other than that, other expenses have actually not gone up. That's 
primarily because of the shift in the mix in terms of the revenue growth vs 
EBITDA comparison etc. I mean, actually, the answer is in the slide that we 
showed because when the material inflation happens so, there is an 
inflation that is coming into the revenue also, so some bit of the revenue 
growth is also coming from the material price inflation.  
Amyn Pirani: 
Great, that's helpful, and again on the orderbook side, when we think 
about the orderbook that you, you know, talked about two quarters back 
on the ADAS and even today, so a lot of this is starting in FY25-26. So, sorry 
for just going back to, you know, where Gunjan was trying to probe, how 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
should we think about, you know, revenue development because it looks 
like 25-26 could be really large revenue years and, you know, 24 and 23 
probably, you know, may not be like that, is that the correct way to think 
about it? Or even 24 and 25 could have very strong, you know, year on 
year on revenue traction. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, define strong.  
Amyn Pirani:  
Okay, so you have been growing at a CAGR, you know, as you yourself, 
you know, show at a very high double-digit CAGR, last few quarters. 
Obviously, you know, because of not everything in your control, you know, 
the revenue momentum has been slower there, you know, the end markets 
have not done well. So, you know, when we think of 23 and 24 compared 
to 25, it looks like 25-26 could have like 30-40% revenue growth kind of a 
year, whereas near term could be 15-20%. Is that the correct way to look at 
it, or we are getting it wrong? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Amyn, 23 will be higher than 22 by double-digit, 24 will be higher than 23 by 
double-digit, 25 will be higher than 24 by double-digit, and 26 will be higher 
than 25 by double digits.  
Amyn Pirani:  
Okay. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  What those double digits are? Are they 15 or 40? It will depend on many 
things outside our control, and I am not trying to be vague; I am genuinely 
saying. Like, there was a very large program supposed to start in July for us. 
Now, it most likely is going to start in October. What if it gets pushed to 
January? If I had said to you that we are going to grow by 40% and we 
don't, it makes us seem disingenuous where we are not. We are trying to 
help you, but these are not things in our control, and a lot of these new 
programs have actually got delayed. So, when we talk about 3-4 years, it is 
far easier for us to take a guess that any new launch doesn't get delayed 
by more than two quarters but within a year, and within this quarterly 
confined thing, it's very hard. I mean, as you rightly said, we win programs 
which are going to come in 25, 26. What is going to come in 23, we 
actually won in 20 or 21. Whatever we as a management team are doing 
right now is going to come into fruition 2-3 years later. So, when you view us 
with the quarterly lens, we also don't find ourselves fitting into that 
approach because it's not really anything we practice. 
Amyn Pirani: 
That's fair, very much appreciated. I guess as we see more and more 
quarters of orderbook and revenue momentum, I guess we will get better 
at getting a, you know, a forecast sense of the same but thanks for the 
explanation. 
Moderator:  
Thank you for your question. We move on to the next participant. We will 
go on to Basudeb Banerjee. Your line is unmuted; please go ahead. We 
have two questions. Go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yeah, so I just have one question to understand from Nanda Sir. As you very 
well explained, the optical effect on gross margin for the 25% steel alloy 
inflation and, typically for your starter motor business where there is no pass-
through in general, so, that is valid only for the gear part business - DGAs 
and DGs. So, to segregate that now in the genuine raw mat deflationary 
period, the starter motor margin should come back to the prior levels, 
whereas to just to calculate the optical effect won't make much of 
difference because revenue will also get deflated. So absolute EBITDA 
won't matter. But for the starter motor part, the absolute EBITDA delta 
should matter. So, if you can help us to segregate in that way and if you 
can explain that aspect.  
Rohit Nanda: 
So, we actually do not give business-wise separate revenue or segregate 
this. Vivek is smiling because that's not the data we separately publish. So, 
your conclusion is correct, but to be able to give how the numbers would 
look like would not be possible.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
No, no, just it will help us explain that yeah... 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, yeah, I will give you guidance, don't worry. So steel is not that big a 
component for the motor business, to be honest. It is big, but not as big as it 
is in the driveline. Copper, steel and aluminum all three matter for the motor 
business. There, also the price of chips and magnets matter. So, there are 
many more things because they are also bought-out parts. However, you 
are absolutely bang on that the speed of absolute EBITDA and margin 
recovery in starter motor is far more rapid than it is in driveline. On a 
revenue basis, it's anywhere between 60-40 driveline to motor to 50-50 in 
some quarters can be there, but between 40 to 50 if that helps.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, it will help us like overall on a blended gross margin decline of 560 basis 
points what you highlighted, how much has been the top to bottom 
decline in motors margin, that will be more helpful. Just motors margin 
decline in this whole raw material inflation. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
And I am being completely honest with you, I don't even know this number 
because we don't actually measure it because, for us, it doesn't really 
matter because we can't control it or have any action that can offset it, 
right? Where you have contractual pass-through, you anyway get it; where 
you don't have it, you can go to customers and ask if it's something 
exceptional. But beyond that, there isn't much. So, I also don't know the 
answer. I don't know if Rohit knows it, but I doubt it.  
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Sure, So the second question is the traction motor for the two-wheeler 
order; what you have got is BLDC or PMSM, sir? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sat, would you like to take this? Again, I know the answer, but I just want 
him to also speak about it because it is his win. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, thanks, Vivek. It's a PMSM motor. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Okay, sure, thanks. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you for your question. We move on to the next investor, Chirag Shah. 
Hi Chirag, your line is unmuted. 
Chirag Shah:  
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. I hope you can hear me. So, my first 
question is, again, follow up on the raw material side. So, if I have to adjust 
the YoY increase in raw materials which you explained, it appears on a like-
to-like basis that the revenue growth is single digit, and I presume that is 
driven by sharp fall in Europe and China. Is it anyway possible to indicate 
what would be the drop in Europe and China revenue YoY basis, given the 
macro environment, which was completely out of your control? I mean, on 
a like-to-like basis, is that the right way of looking at it? That your revenue 
growth, if I had to adjust for the raw material pressure, is actually only single 
digit or volume growth is kind of single digit.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I would say yes. I haven't done the math myself, but it would be far less 
than the 18% because the 18% also has some empty sales built in, right? 
Which is just basically, we paid more for steel, we gave it to the customer, 
and that is not adding to margins anywhere in the system. So yes, that 
would be right. How much has the absolute fall in revenue from Europe and 
China been? I think it can be calculated from the data we have provided.  
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah, I was under the impression that the product mix across region would 
be reasonably different.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, it is.  
Chirag Shah: 
So, on average basis, we can calculate, but if you can somehow, that work 
I have done but, you know, because of the difference in the product and 
also maybe the raw material pricing also, given the currency, they have 
behaved, it could have been, fair point, I have done that, I would take it 
offline. Secondly, I don't know whether you would like to share, but the new 
order wins in the European market that you have shown this quarter, can 
you indicate one or two competitors who were there against whom you 
won the order? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, no, no, that's not right. That's not right. I mean, look, in life to take other's 
name and to say things about them and especially, I mean, you should be 
graceful in victory as well as defeat, I believe I should not take anybody 
else's name. 
Chirag Shah:  
Fair point, sir. So then, if I can just squeeze in one more question - the PSM 
order that you indicated, what could be the broader realization that we 
can assume if you can indicate a broad range if not the absolute number? 
I understand the strategic reason being but a broad a way of looking at 
the realization. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, we should make about 14-15, type of thing, margins, but as you know, 
in these businesses, in the traction motor business, the margins are lower. 
The returns are much higher. So, in our traditional business, if you know, for 
every rupee we would spend in, let's say, differential assembly or differential 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
gear, for every rupee of capex, you get about 2 rupees of revenue. In 
these motors, it is much better. I would say for every rupee you get 
anywhere between 5-5.5 back. So the return is much higher, and as 
management, you know, we have to try to balance growth, margin and 
return, all three, so that's also one of the reasons. I know, and I genuinely 
empathize with analysts who have to do this so that they can figure out 
how it will look like in the future. We don't because, for us, it has to be a 
basket where we take a decision, right? There will be some, which will be 
high growth, low margin but high return. There will be some, which are high 
margin, but lower return, and you have to balance this to make the 
company's performance better. 
Chirag Shah:  
So, I was more referring to realization per unit, you know something of that 
because I understand the business model, it's a high return, high asset turn 
business so margin would be lower. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Revenue per unit, (in Hindi) aap keh rahe ho? [English translation: you are 
saying?] 
Chirag Shah: 
Per unit, yeah. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Okay, Sat. (in Hindi) Range de dijiye [English translation: Please give the 
range] 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Yeah, it will be in the range of 12,000 to 14,000. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah, this is helpful. And can we assume that the new order that you win, 
you are building in this raw material issue, you know, that in general the 
starter motor as you indicated the pass-through is not as good as it is in 
driveline, but the new orders that you win, they are on similar lines or over 
there, you are taking care of this pass-through issue so that you are not 
affected by the vagaries of commodity. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, we are. I mean, nobody is perfect, and neither are we, but as we learn, 
we try to improve ourselves. So, the new contracts we enter into, we try to 
improve them and make them more legit and try to remove volatility. We 
are not people who understand commodity or forex, and it is not our job to 
speculate in those things. So, we try to build in as much pass-through as 
possible, so we are responsible for what we do and our value addition and 
not of these things. Having said that, I don't blame the legacy contracts 
also because, to be honest, the last three years, the kind of volatility has not 
been seen. In the driveline business, we always had those contracts 
because it was all more coming from an Indian and Japanese legacy; 
hence they were always there. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you very much. All the very best. I will come back if I want to ask 
more questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will go to the next investor, Jay K. Your line is unmuted. 
Please you go ahead with your two questions. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
Jay K:  
Hi Vivek, hi entire management. Congratulations for this enduring the storm 
and coming back through the storm. I just had one question on, you know, 
how the whole contracts work and what is the kind of preparedness? 
Because when you said that, you know, for example, you won this order, so 
what is the expectancy and preparedness of the client? Like, the product 
line ready on even their part, and what is your preparedness as in how do 
you decide what will go in production when, because, you know, 
sometimes when you are saying that something will go into production in FY 
24-25, you know, I mean no assumptions, but there, there might be things 
that might, you know, even delay a certain contract or even it can lead to 
cancellation of certain contracts. So, then, you know, how does the whole 
structure work when you want to go into production after signing?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Good question, actually. So, second order question in some sense. So, what 
can one do in a scenario where you know that very rarely would a product 
launch be ahead of time? Very rarely are program volumes higher than the 
customer indicates in the beginning. It's almost always delayed. How much 
by is what you have to build in, and it is usually lower than what customer 
indicates. So, what we do, while budgeting and planning our production 
plans or our order book that we show you, we build in discounts to what 
customers say, basis our experience of how that customer's projections 
have panned out in the past. We have been in this field for a while - two 
decades. So, we know that let's say, customer X says we will do 100,000 
vehicles. They are right; 95% of it usually comes. So, you build that in. In 
production planning, the biggest thing you can do is try to make your 
capacity as fungible as possible, which means that for various customers' 
different products, you can use the same capital equipment. To build in 
that fungibility that if some markets, some customers go up and down, I 
think, I mentioned in the diversity or diversification of markets and products. 
It is also important that your capital equipment or your capacity is 
multimodal and can serve different end products. That is what we can do. 
Rest as you know, customer is king and when they decide to launch is 
when we have to service them.  
Jay K:  
Fair enough. So basically, you are saying you would prefer more, I mean 
not exactly, but more like a process leader than a product leader. You can 
say in some sense. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry I didn't. I didn't quite follow. 
Jay K:  
I think, like you said, the fungibility of the capacity is basically so if there is 
some delay in the order, that same capital equipment can be used, you 
know, to ramp up another order that is already in the pipeline or in 
production. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, it's not a process thing. It's because we are super focused and do 
only a few products and have a large enough market share. So, you are 
producing in millions and millions, and no one very rarely would it happen 
that everybody is speaking at the same time? That's what allows us. If we 
were doing many, many products, this would be very hard to do. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Jay K:  
Thank you and all the best guys for the future. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you for your kind words. 
Kapil Singh: 
Vivek, I'll read out a few questions from the Q&A chat box that we have 
got. This one is from Shyam. He is asking - with severe energy crisis in Europe, 
how are you seeing the geography scaling up or down from 1-2 levels? I'll 
read it out one by one, I guess. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah. So, hi Shyam, I can't hear your voice but thank you for the question. 
The real answer is I don't know. I am not going to be bold enough to 
predict what's going to happen in the next two months. It looks slightly 
better than Q1 from today, where we are sitting today, but things are so 
volatile that I can't know that if this will hold for another month. It is better 
than Q1, in short. 
Kapil Singh: 
Then he's asking - are there production disruptions or SOP delays in Europe? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not any that I know of. No. 
Kapil Singh: 
Next question is - with steel prices softening, can we expect motor gross 
margins to improve materially back to Q2 FY21 levels from, say second half 
of FY23 since steel was not a complete pass-through? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, because steel has not gone down to Q2 FY21 levels. If it does, I guess 
so, yeah. But as you know, steel has gone down from its high of April this 
year; it hasn't gone back to where it used to be a year back. There is a long 
way for it to climb down yet. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yeah, then the next question is from Gautam. He has asked - DA has grown 
37%  YoY, how would have ICE DA business grown? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We don't have a ICE DA business in passenger vehicles. 
Kapil Singh: 
Traction motor order wins -  is this including controller? 913 crores would 
imply what level of wallet share? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry, is this for that specific program win that we indicated? 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay. One, it is addition to order book only. In this case, this will be the 
lifetime value because it is beginning in FY23, and definitely, it's not a 10-
year program. No, there's no controller in this. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. And they have also asked - what is the wallet share in this? Maybe 
they are asking share of business? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hmm, Sat? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
It's very difficult to… 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I mean, for a product part that is not even in production today, to 
know exactly what is the wallet share two years later, it's kind of tough to 
predict. We don't even know what the customer will end up actually selling 
two years later, right? 
Kapil Singh: 
I think this is for the two-wheeler order. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I mean, there are two suppliers. I don't know what, it's us and 
somebody else, right? So, it's basically, no, we can't answer that today for 
sure. 
Kapil Singh: 
And, any tax rate guidance for FY23? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Do you know more than we do? Because is tax rate changing? Rohit? 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, I think you can take it around 24%. 
Kapil Singh: 
Then, there is one clarification - Vikram sir said half of the order book shall 
get executed by FY25. Does that mean 10,000 crores? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, no, no. Half of them will enter production, is what I said, and my name 
is Vivek. Vikram is also here, so he didn't say anything; I think I said it. 
Rohit Nanda: 
And Vivek, don't talk about the croissant again. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, and that too because people have just put me under the gun, but 
Pratik will calculate, and so Gunjan and Amyn we will try and get back to 
you. What if I am wrong, and I may be wrong? I am just guessing off the top 
of my head. 
Kapil Singh: 
One more question is - what are the sources of funds for growth capex? Will 
you raise any equity, or is that out of question? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Nothing is out of question ever. If we need the capital, every source of 
capital will be evaluated. Currently, with the capex plans we have and the 
cash outflows vs what we are generating, we don't see that happening. So, 
unless we were to do an acquisition, I doubt, I doubt that would be. So, 
there is nothing like out of questions; it's just not required. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, and then - is there any impact of global recession on our orderbook 
in the upcoming quarters? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I mean, if there is a global recession, it would be the most predicted global 
recession of all time, and the impact on the order book would be that in 
the near term, not enough will convert. It will be product launches may get 
delayed, and the sales schedules that we have estimated would get 
compressed. So yeah, I mean, and I don't know how severe the recession 
would be if it does come. So maybe, it's just a vague way of saying I don't 
really know how bad the recession. If we have a recession like 2008-2009, 
all bets are off. You would have far more problems to think about than just 
how much of the orderbook is converting. I hope it doesn't come or get 
that severe, but we will see. All we can do as management is try to control 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
the factors that are in our control, which are our actions, right? We can 
manage our costs better. We can try that the decisions that are irreversible 
and require a cash outflow. We are very, very, very cautious on those, and 
we already are. Reversible decisions will continue to be agile and move 
quickly. So that's all we can do, and when it comes, I hope we weather the 
storm better than most and to the best of our ability. That's all one can say. 
Kapil Singh: 
Deanna, I think I have run through all the questions in the box. You can take 
any of the investor questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kapil. We will go to the investor's live question, and we will go to 
Saurabh Tendulkar. Saurabh, your line is unmuted, and you go ahead with 
your two questions. 
Saurabh Tendulkar: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers, and thank you for 
the opportunity. So, my first question is regarding this 10-crore item which is 
hedging instrument in cash flow hedge. So, what it is exactly? It is because 
of the rupee depreciation compared to dollar or something else? 
Rohit Nanda: 
You are referring to the item it the OCI? 
Saurabh Tendulkar: 
No, sir, in profit and loss statement. Yes, OCI. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, we have started following hedge accounting from this quarter. So, basis 
that what we are required to do is we are required to do mark to market of 
the outstanding forward contracts and to the extent the hedges are 
effective that will stay in OCI. So, when the corresponding underlying asset 
or liability comes to the P&L, that is when the relevant contracts M2M will 
also come to the P&L. 
Saurabh Tendulkar: 
Okay, sir, got it, got it. Understood. And my second question is regarding 
the customer concentration. So, I just wanted to know if these OEMs will 
start insourcing the electric motors, which is around the 50% of the total 
cost so, and also the electric drive units. So, do you see any risk associated 
to it? Because we have like top-10 customers are contributing around 80% 
of the revenue. So, we have customer concentration. So, you see that risk? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, instead of, I'll try and answer this. So, you have to understand the 
context of our industry, right? Every company reflects the industry it serves 
or operates in. We are not a FMCG or B2C players who will have thousands 
and millions of customers, right? There are only about 100 odd major OEMs 
in the world in the automotive industry. And if you look at the automotive 
industry structure, if you take passenger vehicles, for example, the top-10 
carmakers control 80% of the volume. So, if you also are a truly global 
player, won't you mimic the industry you are in? So, our top-10 is also 80%. It 
is very hard for it to not be if you are global. If you are very local, it could be 
much higher. So, I think we are fairly well diversified, to be honest, in that 
sense. The second part of your question or the first part was insourcing. 
Again, this is a historical context that insourcing vs outsourcing, has existed 
in our industry for the last 70-80 years. When we started making differential 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
gears, they themselves were insourced for most people. Very few people 
actually bought differential gears from outside. Slowly, we have converted 
people from a make to buy. In traction motors, we only service two-
wheeler customers, as you well know. If they do insource it and that 
happens, of course, we would be at risk. Why not? There, of course, we 
have far less customers. But just my personal opinion and this is no forecast, 
but I don't think electric drive units are going to be insourced anytime soon. 
Drive units or differential assemblies and drive trains have existed now for 
100 years plus. Most people have, everyone started with insourcing and 
increasingly, it is outsourcing just because in the context of today's EV world 
where you are expected to deploy a large amount for electric vehicle, you 
know, development. As an OEM, if I were an OEM, personally, I would be 
more focused on how can I design and develop a much better vehicle 
and then sell service and distribute it rather than worry about, oh, let me try 
and make differential gears on my own because capital is not infinite. If 
you have, it is a capital allocation decision for the OEM. So that's my 
humble opinion, will it be correct or not, time will tell, our revenues will tell, 
and you know, performance will show if it is true or not. 
Moderator: 
Okay, seems like we are reaching; we are at the end of the Q&A session. I 
would like to invite the management to do a quick closing remark. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, So thank you as always. I would like to thank all of you for giving us 
your valuable time. Your questions are important, they make us better at 
presenting our performance and also give us indicators of what matters to 
you, and we will try and do better for you, our shareholders. So, and in case 
you have any further questions or feedback on how we can continue to do 
better and make these sessions more meaningful. Please feel free to reach 
out, and yeah, see you all in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, everyone from the management team, and I thank all the 
investors for joining the call. Deanna, we can close it now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you again. Thank you, everyone, for your time. You may drop off the 
line. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
