Date: August 3, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001.  
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on July 30, 2022 
Ref. Submission under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
obligations and disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Saturday, July 30, 2022. 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.godrejagrovet.com. 
Please take the same on your records 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Vivek Raizada 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787)  

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 30, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
      
           
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NADIR GODREJ - CHAIRMAN, GODREJ 
AGROVET LIMITED 
                                             MR. BALRAM S. YADAV - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 
                                             MR. S. VARADARAJ - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MR. ANURAG ROY - CEO, ASTEC LIFESCIENCES 
MODERATOR:          MR. NITIN AGARWAL - DAM CAPITAL        
 
                                     

 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies, and gentlemen. Welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet Limited Earnings Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks from management conclude. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Godrej Agrovet 
Q1 Earnings Conference Call. From the company, we have with us Mr. Nadir Godrej, Chairman 
of the company; Mr. Balram S. Yadav, Managing Director; Mr. S. Varadaraj, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Anurag Roy, CEO of Astec Lifesciences. 
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward-looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation 
shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make the initial remarks. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet earnings call. I hope and 
wish you are doing well and are healthy and safe. 
 
Q1 FY23 was a mixed quarter for Godrej Agrovet as we achieved robust volume performance in 
the majority of our businesses, and as a result, reported 25.7% year-on-year growth in our total 
income to reach INR 2,517.5 crore. However, profitability was impacted for some of our 
businesses due to external as well as internal factors, such as high-cost inventory, input cost 
inflation, limited transmission, and sales deferrals, etc. During the quarter, soymeal prices 
sharply declined as the government of India allowed import of GM soymeals. We did not 
anticipate that it would happen as soon as it did. 
 
Other key input commodities, such as maize and fish meal, also witnessed a decline in pricing 
trend. The delayed Southwest monsoon in June impacted the sowing of Kharif crops and the 
application of crop protection products was delayed. On the other hand, crude palm oil prices 
reached an all-time high level before correcting rapidly at the end of the quarter. 
 
Coming to the key financial and business highlights of each of our business segments. In Animal 
Feed, we achieved 11% year-on-year volume growth in Q1. The volume growth was achieved 
across key feed categories and was mainly led by market share gains. However, segment results 
were impacted due to high-cost inventories of some of our critical raw materials which could 
not be fully passed on. On a more positive note, we have already utilized most of the high-cost 
inventories in Q1 and we expect a quick turnaround of profitability in Q2. For the Vegetable Oil 
segment, it was another quarter of strong growth, led by improvements in yield levels and all-
time high oil prices. Segment results grew by 2.6x year-on-year in Q1 FY23. The average prices 
of crude palm oil and palm kernel oil were higher by 24% and 41%, respectively in Q1 FY23 
versus Q1 FY22. Standalone Crop Protection business suffered from lower sales of in-house and 
PGR products as a delayed monsoon deferred application opportunities in Q1. In addition, strict 
focus on channel credit hygiene also led to lower placements as compared to last year. 
Liquidation and collection of our key products have improved in the first few weeks of Q2 on 
account of increased rainfall coverage in our key operating regions. We expect a recovery in 
profitability of our standalone Crop Protection business in Q2. 
 
Astec Lifesciences delivered revenue growth of 43.3% in Q1. The robust top line performance 
was mainly driven by higher export realizations and CMO volume. However, Astec's growth was 
restricted by deferment of sales worth 20% of the total revenues. This coupled with the 
compression of margin in one of our key products and higher cost structures on account of the 
herbicide plant led to decline in profits. These sales have been pushed to the next quarter. Our 
Poultry segment registered one of the strongest quarters, with a revenue growth of 39.8%, led by 
volume growth in Real Good Chicken and better realizations in the Live Bird category. EBITDA 
for the quarter also jumped to INR 20.9 crore as Live Bird prices rose sharply. Our Dairy segment 
continued to gain market share in value-added products such as curd, buttermilk, ghee, milk 
drinks, etc. in its key markets. As a result, revenue from value-added products grew by 69% in 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Q1 over the previous year, while milk revenues grew by 24%. This further translated into CDPL's 
total revenue growth of 47.6% in Q1. However, sustained rise in procurement and packaging 
costs led to subdued profitability. 
 
GAVL's joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej, recorded another quarter of strong 
performance with revenue growth of 42% in Q1. All feed categories, that is cattle, poultry, and 
aqua feed, witnessed strong demand and market share gains in Bangladesh. That concludes our 
business and financial performance update for the quarter. 
 
With this, I close my opening remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
I have two or three, sir. First on the soya inventory issue. Just sort of wanted to get your 
perspective on the decision-making process within the Indian government, whether the industry 
is normally kept informed about such changes in policy as, for example, the import of GMO 
soybeans. And also, how do we derisk ourselves as a business against such policy changes in the 
future? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So yes, Abhijit, definitely, this was a big setback considering we had such good relation with the 
government and we were instrumental in getting soya imported last year which was a great relief 
to the industry. I must also tell you that during entire March and entire April, the industry, through 
their multiple fora and associations had kept on harping on government to allow imports. But the 
stand of the government was very clear and it was categorical. And then I think what happened 
towards the end of April, beginning of May, we were extremely sure that nothing is going to 
happen because all our efforts had come to naught, but I think the rising inflation, particularly 
driven by animal protein, was a trigger which immediately made the government take some knee-
jerk reaction. And all of us were caught unaware because all of us had started covering soymeal 
because it was rising almost INR 1,000, INR 1,500 a week. And we had stock for almost 2 to 2.5 
months that time when this happened. And we had to take a price decrease, because of which we 
lost significant profits. 
 
So, if you ask me, definitely, I think this is a good learning. And we will be more vigilant. And 
I think this time, we thought because government has been very reliable whenever they have 
talked to us, whatever they are permitted and whatever they are not permitted, they have been 
very categorical about it. But we need to also work with other ministries, like Ministry of 
Consumer Affairs and Ministry of Commerce, who are a big influencer in these decisions, rather 
than Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Fisheries and only Ministry of Agriculture. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it, sir. Second, on the oil palm business, now with prices beginning to fall sharply, how 
should we think about the segment's earnings trajectory for the rest of the year? And also, on the 
new oil palm mission front, how is the traction going? And can it meaningfully accelerate our 
acreage growth in this segment? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, I just forgot to add one thing that all our high-cost soya inventories were exhausted by end 
of June or beginning of July and profitability is back with a bang in the feed business. On oil 
palm plantation business, definitely, the prices were very, very high and they were unsustainable. 
And all our calculations were done at the current prevailing prices, so we benefited from high 
prices in the first quarter. My sense is that even though there have been surpluses, etc. but there 
is a limited amount of capability, both in terms of processing in Indonesia and logistics 
worldwide. So, it is not that suddenly everything will get exported. And my sense is that prices 
will prevail at about say, INR 1,00,000 to INR 1,10,000 a ton. And currently, it fell to almost 
INR 1,03,000 a ton. In last 1 week, it has gone back to INR 1,10,000 a ton. So that is point 
number one. That is what we feel will be the average prices in Q2 and Q3, which are very critical 
for us. 
 
The second thing is that it is not that, that central government will wait for prices to fall 
significantly. We must also remember once the inflation starts coming down because of other 
commodities, and with our oilseed season around the corner, the government will be willing to 
listen to increase in duties in case the oil prices fall further, because they don't want to 
shortchange our own oilseed farmer whose crop will be coming to market in 8 to 10 weeks from 
now. So, my sense is that this will remain at this level. Slightly 5% here and there is the only 
difference which will happen. 
 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Lastly, on NMEO-OP, I just wanted to brief them that we have got allocations in Assam, in 
Tripura and in Manipur, and these allocations are contiguous with our Mizoram mill. And 
definitely, we will be benefited in 3 to 5 years once the plantation starts yielding, because we are 
running Mizoram mill at a much lower capacity utilization than it was envisaged. And the 
performance of the plantations is much better in Northeast. So, we get a OER, which is at least 
20% more than the OER we get elsewhere. And productivity also is 15% to 20% more and we 
are in the process of setting up a seed garden in Assam. So, I think that is the benefit of NMEO-
OP. However, I want to point out that Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have still not signed the 
agreements with the central government. They are going by their old traditional formula. And 
I'm sure that they have started suffering because most of the investments have started moving 
towards East and other states like Odisha and Tamil Nadu, which have signed the NMEO-OP 
agreement. 
 
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes. I would like to add that Senator Schumer and Senator Manchin came to an agreement and 
it looks that Biden's new bill is likely to pass in both the House and the Senate. And this bill 
promotes the use of biofuels, including biodiesel and green aviation fuel, both of which will give 
a boost to vegetable oil prices. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. That's really helpful, sir. I have one more question on Astec, but before that I just wanted 
to clarify on the NMEO-OP and the Northeastern expansion plan, any rough acreage we have in 
mind, sir, over the next 5 years, how much we plan to add in the Northeast? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, if we say what is commercially possible in the area which we have got, it's close to about 
12,000 to 14,000 hectares. We are still mapping because on paper, what looks feasible, when we 
go and see the terrain, it may not be feasible. But we are definitely planning for 10,000 hectares 
plus in next 3 to 4 years. That is the plan, apart from about 10,000 to 12,000 hectares in existing 
areas. And I also want to tell you that we have doubled our nursery capacity. Today, our nursery 
capacity was capable of doing about 5,000 hectares per annum. But next year onwards, it will be 
able to do between 8,000 to 9,000 hectares per annum. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
And lastly, on Astec, if you could please just talk a little bit about this quarter's pressures or 
challenges in some more detail? Also, the outlook for margins, given the price pressure indicated 
in one of the key products and also the status of the ramp-up of the new herbicide plant, Astec's 
press release talks about commercialization of 2 CMO products this year. So, are these from the 
herbicide plant itself or from some other source? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Thanks for the question. On the margin reduction piece in Q1, one of the primary factors, as was 
highlighted in Astec press release and in this call earlier was deferment of sales which happened 
in the Q2 because of some delays in deliveries and logistical issues in some of our export 
assignments. So that was one of the key factors. Other than that, in the mixed bag portfolio 
product which we have, on few of the products, we were seeing increased raw material prices. 
There were high-cost inventories as compared to the previous quarter last year, which has also 
resulted in some margin pressures. And then the third component which also impacted our 
EBITDA margins were the increased cost structure on account of the new herbicide plant which 
we commissioned in Q2 FY22. So those were the 3 factors that contributed to the margin 
reductions. The deferment margins will be realized, obviously, in Q2 and Q3, because it was a 
deferred sale. 
 
In terms of your second question on herbicide plant utilization. We have given those indication 
in investor call that we'll be utilizing the plants over the next 3 years. This year also, we would 
be getting close to 60% - 70% capacity utilization and working almost at full utilization by end 
of third year. That's the guidance and indication which we have given to the market. In terms of 
the CMO products, it was a mixed bag. There were a few CMO products from herbicide plants 
and there were one CMO products which were from other plants that contributed to the growth 
end margins. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Sir, on dairy, how do we see the profitability for rest of the year now that the milk prices 
have started and, the cattle feed prices remaining high. Farmers have no choice but to increase 
prices. The question is, milk procurement upcycle has started. How do we see the profitability 
for rest of FY23 as well as FY24 for Creamline? That is one. And the second question is the 
Animal Feed profitability is also at the lowest level in many quarters. So, what are the initiatives 
to improve the profitability here? 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So Creamline Dairy, I think our woes are very similar to the woes of the industry that the pricing 
is not able to catch up with the procurement cost increase of milk. And every week, particularly 
buffalo milk is breaking all records of price increases. Having said that, we continue to embark 
on our plan and whatever we had envisaged as a strategy. However, margins are not up to the 
level we wanted because of high cost of milk. But if you see, we have had almost 70% growth 
in value-added products, which historically had better margins than liquid milk, even though we 
had 20% growth in milk volumes also. Our salience from about 28% last year has gone to 39% 
as far as value-added products are concerned. 
 
So, I would say from a strategic point of view, product mix point of view, doing what is required 
by us, we are doing whatever it was we had planned and we are executing much better than the 
plan also as far as volumes are concerned. The only problem is milk cost. So, there are 2 things 
which should happen. One of the things is that like we have 30-year data where the prices of 
milk start falling during flush and the fall in prices is between 5% to 10% every year. In some 
years, it has been 13%, 14% also when the flush comes. And that is where most of the dairy 
companies made profits. 
 
Now this flush has eluded us for last 2 years, we believe because of high milk prices, and that is 
what we are seeing in our cattle feed tonnages also, that there are more animals and people are 
taking good care of animals also. So, my sense is that this time, the industry will see flush. 
 
However, having said that, I think there was an initial inertia and reluctance to increase prices, 
that I think the industry is coming over and adjusting to new normal. So, we have had 2 prices 
already in last 3 months. My sense is that in case the challenge continues, of course, the prices 
will increase. We are very hopeful that our losses will come down in Q2. And if we had a medium 
flush also, the business should become profitable in Q3. 
 
Q4, again, will be a big quarter for us in value-added products. We would have commissioned 
additional lines. I am very glad to say that our value-added product sale was stunted in Q1 in 
spite of 69% growth because in certain plants we ran out of capacity. So that capacity 
enhancement has happened. We strongly believe that we will grow even more rapidly in value-
added products in time to come which are higher margin. But lot of things, a lot of what I'm 
talking about rest in terms of margin on the flush. And we are not too far. I think in 3 to 5 weeks 
time, we should know the level and the quantum of flush. And we believe that some kind of 
reduction in prices will happen. 
 
In the Animal Feed business, I think we are back to normal profitability. So last year, we did 6% 
EBIT on sales. I think in this quarter, we will get to between 4% to 5% EBIT on sales. And my 
sense is that we'll end the year at 5% to 6% EBIT on sales. And why do I say that? I think I can 
definitely share with you that we have an excellent position in DORB. We went wrong in soya 
because of external reasons. And DORB is rising every day and we have a very good position 
there. So, I'm extremely confident that we will get back the margins which we lost. 
 
S Varadaraj: 
But for the soya material adverse impact because, otherwise, in terms of the cost structure, there 
has been no change in the Animal Feed. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
  
And volume will grow above 10%. I'm very sure about that also. 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Sure, sir. That is very helpful. Just last question. Have we also been able to take prices in 
shrimp feed also? And roughly, what is our market share in shrimp feed now? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, shrimp feed is a different story. This year the industry is in a little bit of flux because of late 
rains and because of floods after that and in some places, the culture has been wiped out. We 
strongly feel that July is too early to give up. I think we are hearing that almost 40%-50% of the 
area is going for restocking. I'm still hopeful that shrimp feed tonnages will be back and we will 
register about 10% growth over last year. And our market share will be about 3%-4%. Actually, 
it is very negligible, considering Avanti & CP are the big players there. 
 
Coming back to margins in shrimp feed. Margins in shrimp feed will also improve because we 
also had a soya position there. The soya took a little 2-3 weeks more than in other animal feed 
business to get exhausted and now the margin improvement is visibly there. But having said that, 
I think shrimp feed and fish feed in Andhra Pradesh, difficult to increase prices because in all 
areas, in all businesses, the Andhra Pradesh government is exerting their pressure, they are trying 
to control. Even price controls are also there. 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
So, I think our focus is only on rest of India, where this plant called Barabanki is in the process 
of commissioning. Unfortunately, there is a Chinese machinery and the Chinese engineers could 
not come because of COVID lockdown there. But they have come now and most probably in a 
week or so we will get to full commercial production. And my sense is that in fish feed, we will 
do much, much better than what we have done in shrimp feed, both margin-wise and volume-
wise this year. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aman Vora from Premier Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Vora: 
My first question was on our Crop Protection business. So last 4 to 6 quarters, you've been talking 
about improving channel hygiene and like we've taken a lot of steps in that direction. But, like, 
there has been some of the other reason for which this part of the business has been affected. So, 
I just wanted some medium-term outlook. And like, if the management feels that our 
overdependence on herbicides is causing this issue with the business? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Let me tell you 3 things about this business. One of the things is that definitely, in this business, 
the external factors are very important. But if you really ask me, the mess we had created is also 
because of internal factors, particularly in this business. I think we realized that our processes 
and the systems we have are outdated and they were not in line and synced with the way the 
dynamism has changed this industry, which was also aggravated by the fact that because of 
COVID, we could not visit the markets and we were in total blind. 
 
I think we goofed up big time in terms of tracking liquidation, tracking movement of material 
and particularly on debtors also there was a sufficient loss of control. So, corrections, definitely, 
we got EY into the system. They are doing almost 8-month long project and put new systems 
and procedures in place with a lot of digital backups everywhere. And the kind of visibility today 
I have in this business that was totally I’ve said earlier. So that's point number one. 
 
Point number 2 is that I think that visibility is giving us an opportunity to monitor everything in 
this business very closely. And my sense is that hygienically, this year will be much better than 
last year and significantly better in terms of market hygiene. So that said, I think there have been 
some changes in the team also. We have a new sales head and a new CEO in this business, both 
of them have come from very big crop protection company. So that is the second part. 
 
The third part is, yes, we are cognizant of the fact that our overdependence is there on herbicides 
and that is why we brought Hanabi and now Gracia in the fold. I'm extremely glad to tell you 
that Gracia, we have done very well. Last year, we did 26 KL of Gracia. In the first quarter itself, 
we have done 40 KLs. My sense is that we will do 4x - 5x of last year in Gracia. Gracia is a 
wonderful product and it'll be a driver of our growth and profitability in the next few years to 
come. Otherwise, also 1 or 2 more in-licensing products are nearing registration, which will be 
done next year. So, we have been trying and I have been telling on this call that we are fixing 
this issue. But unfortunately, it took us longer than required. But I think that today, whatever 
requires to be done in this business has been done. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Right. And my second question is on the feeds business, sir. So, we have had like last 4 to 6 
quarters, there have been all kinds of ups and downs. But we've had very solid market share gains 
on this side of the business. So now like you mentioned that sequentially, margins are improving 
and things are coming back to normal. So, do we see these market share gains to stay? Like, 
because you've had significant market share gains here. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, I must tell you that we will have market share gain definitely in 3 categories, broiler is one 
which has driven our tonnages in the first quarter. Cattle field, consistently, we are growing much 
higher than the market. And my sense is with one more production facility in fish feed, we will 
definitely increase our market share in fish feed also, particularly rest of India. For your 
information, UP, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar are becoming big fish feed consumer states. And with 
a plant there, we will have much bigger advantage because of lower logistics costs and lower 
raw material costs. So, I think this will continue. In layer feed, we already have a very, very high 
market share, and we will be better it by a point or 2 or maintain that market share, that should 
be enough. 
 
So, I think that a lot of things are going right in the feed business. Of course, in commodity 
business, you cannot get everything right all the time. So, that is a debacle happened in the 
soymeal business but can't help it. We can just learn from it and move on. But I can definitely 
assure you that profitability of 5% to 6% EBIT is not a big issue in this business. 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Aman Vora: 
Right. Got it, sir. And sir, my last question is on Astec. So as Mr. Roy clearly pointed out, what 
was the main contributors of margin decline this quarter. But more sequentially and medium 
term, as the high-cost inventory is being used in this quarter and the teething issues with probably 
the herbicide plant having more fixed costs would also improve. What is our outlook on margins 
going ahead? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
See, obviously, we do not make any firm statements on forward looking, but we maintain our 
position that our margins will grow in double digit. Obviously, you would have to realize that 
Astec is also in a lot of investment mode. So, there's a new herbicide plant as we were there, 
which has been commercialized. There is new CapEx, which would be coming up. So, there will 
be some impact on the PBT level due to increased Capex. But we hold our current outlook on at 
least double-digit growth on the margin as we move forward. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Another big CapEx which will be capitalized in Q3 will be our R&D center, which has cost us 
close to INR 120 crore. 
 
Aman Vora: 
Sir, however, when you mentioned the R&D center, would just be for Astec or Agrovet B2C 
business R&D would also there? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Astec and CPB. We have a common R&D head for the whole company. And the purpose was 
that ultimately, in the Animal Feed business, whether it is fish or poultry, ultimately, there is a 
lot of chemical technology which comes into play. So, I think all businesses will gain from each 
other, and the R&D center will be utilized in a much bigger way for Astec and CPB, but also for 
other businesses in some small way. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Falguni Dutta from Jet Age Securities Private 
Limited. 
 
Falguni Thacker: 
I just have one question. Can you share the volume in the vegetable oil business? And also, what 
was the realization for this quarter versus previous quarter? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
 Yes. So, I'll tell you, Q1 to Q1. 
 
Falguni Thacker: 
 Q4 over Q1. I mean, previous quarter. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
 It's not a good comparison because Q4 is off season. 
 
Falguni Thacker: 
Yes. Or you can tell me both. I mean, I wanted to know the realization for Q4. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Q4 realization we find out. But I'll tell you, in the meantime, Q1 CPO volume, last year, we did 
21,411 tons. And this year, we have done INR 22,174 million. And revenue last year, Q1 was 
INR 241 crore in CPO. And this year, it's INR 309 crore. Realization INR 1,13,000 a ton and 
CPO price this quarter was INR 1,39,000 a ton. Q4 CPO realization was INR 1,19,000 a ton. 
And contribution margin after variable last year was 15%. This year was 25%. 
 
Falguni Thacker: 
I just wanted to know, in case I have just started following Godrej Agrovet since the past 2, 3 
quarters, so in case I want to know something, some queries on the business, whom can I call? I 
have been trying, but not getting through. So, I just thought I'll check with you. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Mr. Aditya Desai will connect with you. So, he's sitting right here. So now he cannot escape. 
Don't worry. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Vidit from IIFL Securities. 
 
Vidit Shah: 
Sir, just in terms of data points, could you also give us the OER for this quarter? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Thank you for this question. We have done well. So OER, Q1 last year was 17% and this year is 
19%. I must tell you something. So normally, OER should not be that high in June, but there 
were no rains. 
 
Vidit Shah: 
 Yes. Since there were no rains, you had higher OER? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
 Yes. 
 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Vidit Shah: 
Got it. So, in terms of the Animal Feed business, now that soymeal prices have started correcting 
after the import being allowed, do you see the feed industry taking any price corrections? Or this 
is what prices will be? And do you only see margin improvements, sir? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. So, no price increases have happened in poultry feeds, but price increases have happened 
in cattle feed because the De-oiled Rice Bran has risen sharply more than 15% to 20% in last 1 
month. So, cattle feed industry is taking prices and we have good position in DORB. In fish feed 
and shrimp feed, the price increases were due 3 months ago, but the Andhra Pradesh government 
is blocking that. 
 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. But we won't see any further correction from here because of a decline in raw material 
prices? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
No further correction because all the corrections have happened. Now in case the prices go up, 
particularly we are expecting corn prices to increase, in case that happens, there might be an 
upward movement in poultry feed prices also. 
 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And just finally, my last question was on Astec. You briefly touched upon margins 
of one product being impacted during the quarter. So just how long do you think these margins 
will remain impacted going forward? And when can we expect margins of Astec to get back to 
the 22%, 23% levels? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
See, as I was mentioning, one of the reasons for margin impact towards increase in raw material 
prices, there were some high-cost inventory from the previous quarter. So that resulted in margin 
pressure. So, for the most part, those inventories have been liquidated. There is also some supply 
demand imbalance in terms of the gap in the demand with supply. So that is also creating some 
pressure on a few of our products. But see, these are the normal volatility in the product portfolio 
which we have. And through strategic sourcing, through production efficiencies, we are very 
confident that we'll be able to make up for these margins. So, I think this is how we play in these 
markets, the product portfolio which we have and we feel that we will be able to recover some 
of these margins as we get into the next quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Depesh Kashyap from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sir firstly, on palm oil. In the last call, I think you gave a guidance of 17% to 18% volume growth 
in FY'23. Will you maintain that despite the fall in FFB arrival that you saw in the first quarter? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, I think we have seen that FFB arrival varies with several factors. And one big factor is 
monsoon. So. if you ask me, my sense is that we will have 17% to 18% growth in this business 
from CPO and PKO volumes. One driver of growth will be more FFB and second will be more 
OER because we believe that this year, again, we will have some improvement in OER. So that 
was one of my premise. And we are very happy at the delay of the season, because normally, 
when post monsoon, the OER goes up significantly. So, the trees are looking very good. We have 
done another survey. My sense is that the recovery will start as soon as the rains have started. 
Some recovery has already started. And I think this season will shift by at least a month. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Got it. Secondly, sir, on the Animal Feed segment, specifically on the shrimp segment, what was 
the price rollback that the industry did in the last quarter? And do you think, is there any other 
pressure to further roll back the prices because of soymeal correcting? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, in poultry industry, the price reduction was between INR 2,000 to INR 2,500 a ton. And in 
shrimp also, shrimp and fish, we had taken a price increase of INR 2,000 a ton with the 
government forced us to roll back. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Right. So, is there a further pressure to roll back? Because I think the prices are decreasing. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
No, I think so far, everything is fine. And I think we have just approached the government to 
take the prices up again. So, let us see. But between different states, I think Andhra is becoming 
very difficult to work with. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
                 But that is 80% of the market, that is the main. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, but that is why we are moving out. And I must tell you that the dominance of Andhra in fish 
is only a few quarters away. So, I think we're moving away from Andhra now, particularly in 
fish and probably in case the attitude continues like this, the shrimp will also start moving out. 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Got it, sir. Sir, lastly, sir, what is the CapEx expectation for FY'23 and FY'24, if you can give 
overall and also specifically for Astec farmer and the Animal Feed segment that you talked 
about? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So, CapEx, we have a CapEx of close to INR 500 crore. But of course, we are delayed in some 
of the CapEx for about 3, 4 months in acquisition of land. Almost 60% of this CapEx will go to 
Astec Lifesciences. About INR 80 crore will go to oil palm plantation business, where we wish 
to pay refinery as well as solvent extraction plants, which will enhance our margins on oil further. 
We will quantify it probably in the next 2 to 3 quarters. 
 
But we are very, very optimistic because savings in logistics, et cetera, immediate processing of 
oil, reduction in FFA losses which we used to have in transportation, so that will add to this. And 
one INR 50 crore-plus investment is coming in our dairy business. Not INR 50 crore, it is much 
less, about INR 30 crore or so on more line in value-added products, we are erecting because in 
some of our products, we had run out of capacity in this season. So that was very good news. 
And we are very, very confident that value-added is going to be a driver of our top line as well 
as bottom line in the dairy business. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
And the fish feed, you also talked about that you are going to increase in capacity rate? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Fish feed, we have already commissioned this plant. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. So, this is already capitalized. 
 
Depesh Kashyap: 
 Sir, INR 500 crore is specifically for FY'23 you said? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, FY'23, but my sense is this project, I think, Astec is the ongoing project. So how much of 
INR 300 crore or so we have planned for Astec will be deployed? Definitely, the land has been 
bought, so 1/3 of that is definitely getting deployed in the next 2, 3 months. And a lot of 
equipment will have to be ordered because there is a lot of waiting period for the equipment. So, 
my sense is all this INR 500 crore definitely will be deployed in this year. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Saurabh from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Sir, my question is on the Astec. So, the high-cost inventory was related to the raw material? Or 
it was for the finished good? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes, it was related to the raw material. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So now everything has been liquidated. So, in Q2, we should not see any impact? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
 Right. Yes. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And the second one on the deferment of about 20% of the sales. So what kind of impact it had 
on this current quarter's margins? So maybe 100-200 basis points, what would be the impact? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So almost 20% of the revenue, more or less similar kind of profit margins or the PBT as for the 
existing revenues and PBT which have been realized. So almost similar kind of impact on the 
PBT, which was deferred into Q2. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And is it everything for the enterprise business? Or was there element of the CMO business 
as well under deferment? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
So, it was a mixed bag. Obviously, the enterprise constituted to almost 80% plus of it. And the 
balance was the CMO piece. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And the last one on the Propiconazole also, we are getting the feedback is the Chinese 
companies have started, post their shutdown, the production. So, there could be some pressure 
on the prices of Propiconazole. Has there been a trend that have now come off in the last 1 month? 
 
Anurag Roy: 
Yes. See, that's what I discussed earlier in this call, that we have been seeing some supply-
demand imbalances which is also putting pressure on margin. But on some of these products, we 
have a very strong footprint and very strong cost structures with our ability to backward integrate 
and deliver at the best prices and maintain our margins. So, we see this trend as normal in the 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
market, the supply-demand imbalances, and we have very clear strategic sourcing and production 
efficiency strategies in place to at least deliver on similar margin profiles. So that's one. 
 
And then second thing, as we are commercializing 2 of the CMO products, we'll also have some 
stable source of margin coming in from these products, because for the CMO, we typically work 
on cost plus model, which is typically margin immune to the volatility in the market. So that's 
how we are planning to drive through the supply, demand imbalances as we move forward over 
the next few quarters. 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So, these 2 CMO products will get commercialized in Q2 or later? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
I think we are in the last 5, 6 minutes of the call, so can we probably ask only 1 question per head 
so that everybody gets a chance. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kruti Karani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Kruti Karani: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. On the Animal Feed margin, like, what should be the 
stable margin on a rupee per KG basis for you? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
So last year, in Animal Feed, we made something like INR 1,700 a ton. So, I have a feeling that 
with 10% to 11% volume growth, we'll end up close to this number, maybe 5% less or something 
like that, yes. 
 
Kruti Karani: 
Okay. by when do you expect the RM pressure in the feed margins to settle down? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
I said that we have flushed all the high-cost inventory in the feed business. So, I think there is no 
mark-to-market issues anymore. And I must also tell you, in case mark-to-market is there, that is 
all positive for us now. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Just 2 questions from my side. First one would be the impact of lumpy skin disease on your 
business, both your feed business and your dairy business, because you would have a better 
handle than anybody else whether this is affecting or going to affect the industry or not. And if 
so, how will it affect the industry? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Very good question, my dear. I'm so happy that you asked about lumpy skin disease. One of the 
reasons why milk flushes did not happen last year was because of this lumpy skin disease at 
several places. And it has been underreported. According to us, it is much more rampant. But as 
it happens, most of these diseases are taken care of by culling animals, et cetera. So, I think that 
problem was grave about 6 months ago, but it is subsiding now. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Sir, the reason I took this question up was because I was looking for precedence of how 
this disease was dealt with in the past in other countries, and some of these countries had steps 
which India can't take, some of these countries like Israel, where they just culled the whole herd 
to get rid of the disease, so that's not possible in India because that'll have a very big implication 
on the industry. You think vaccination will be the solution? 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. So, one of the big issues is that we continue with a lot of diseases, because culling is not 
possible. But I think vaccination and other remedies are there. But I think in case you are more 
interested in the subject; I think we should talk offline. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Definitely, sir. And sir, the next question would be fish feed market share of the company. 
 
Balram Yadav: 
 7-8%. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is regarding Crop Protection, and we have seen underperformance by Godrej 
Agrovet in Crop Protection in the last couple of years compared to industry growth. And 
sometimes, we have seen as a volume degrowth. And then we have seen a margin contraction, 
also. So, as compared to industry margin contraction, we are severely underperforming in this 
quarter and maybe in last couple of quarters also. So, for this side, what we are doing for to 
protect our business, also a better margin profile? 
 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Balram Yadav: 
So, I think I answered this question earlier, that I think a lot of our issues were also internal, 
which we have addressed. Unfortunately, it took us much longer time to correct them because of 
2 years were COVID and last year, we had failure of monsoon in July, which is our main season 
for herbicide. 
 
Having said that, at one time, we had the highest EBIT margins in the industry. Definitely, I think 
that will be our aspiration to go back to that level again and balance our top line growth and 
margin growth in future. But most of the corrections have been taken according to us. And let us 
see how this season plays out. And in case what we are seeing in last 2, 3 months and in the 
current month itself, a lot of efforts we have taken are yielding results. But this is a seasonal and 
cyclical business, so these corrections take a little more time. We get only one opportunity a year 
to sell herbicide. So, I think to judge us, I think you should give us one more season. 
 
S Varadaraj: 
So Sumant, you may note that the margin is also, in fact, result of the composition. In Q1, the 
mix of our in-house product was less, and that sort of led to compressed margins. It is a question 
of product mix as well. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, we would happy to be of assistance. 
Stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
