t 
L,WW® 
lAl(SHNU MACH!lNE WORl(S UMUED 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Sandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Our Ref: Sec/BSE - Vol 7 /2022 
Date: 03.08.2022 
Sub: Intimation of submission of the transcript of the Analyst Meet - reg 
In continuation to our letter dated 28th July 2022, please find the attached transcript of 
the analyst meeting held on 27th July 2022. Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the same has been 
uploaded to the website of the Company as well. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED 
CQ~,,, 
C R SHIVKUMARAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 34-A, Kamaraj Road, Coimbatore - 641 018. Phone: +91 422 7198100. Fax: +91 422 2220912 
REGISTERED OFFICE: Perianaickenpalayam, Coimbatore- 641 020, India. Website: www.lakshmimach.com 
GSTIN: 33AAACL5244N1ZF CIN - L29269TZ1962PLC000463 

TRANSCRIPT 
Moderator 
I believe we are ready to proceed. OK. OK, thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, good day 
and welcome to Lakshmi Machine Works limited quarter one of fiscal year 2022-23 earnings call 
hosted by NSDL. As a reminder, please note that the participants lines will be in listen only mode 
and there will be opportunity ask questions after the brief by the company officials. Please note 
that this call is being recorded. This is Samir from NSDL. We have with us Mr. V Senthil Financial 
Officer and Dhanalakshmi Senior general manager of the company over to you sir. 
V Senthil 
Thank you, good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining. We will have a brief about the 
overall performance of the company for the quarter April to June 22, followed by the interactive 
session. To begin with let me explain the overall performance of the company. The financial 
results have been posted on the company website and hope you had an opportunity to go through 
the same. I'm happy to share that the company achieved the turnover of 955 crores which is 
123% higher than the corresponding quarter for June 21. We should also realize that during 
quarter ended June 21 there where some exceptional issues and so it's not directly compatible. 
This milestone was achieved amidst lot of challenges during this quarter which has been impacted 
by inflation in material cost, Supplies to logistics issues. Other than price fluctuations there were 
also impact under geopolitical issues. Irrespective of such impact, this quarter turnover stood at 
955 crores, the profit before exceptional items is 88 crores as against Rs.11 crores during June 
21 and Profit after tax stands at 67 crores as against Rs. 8 cr during Corresponding quarter last 
year. We would like to move to segment lines results TMD segment revenue is 768 crores in for 
the quarter ended June 22 as against Rs. 307 cr during Jun 21 and TMD segment results moved 
up to the profit of 66 crores in June 22 as against a loss of 11 cr for the same period of last year. 
With respect to the order book, we have an order Book of both domestic and exports put together 
close to 7000 crores. And we have seen that there is considerable order inflow in the current 
quarter which is good. That's a positive thing. With respect to the sales, around 60% is 
domestic,20% exports and 20% spares. That's the split of the sales. This quarter sees higher 
exports revenue. It has been mainly to countries such as Turkey Bangladesh and Vietnam. With 
respect to TMD, we are already running at full capacity during the quarter and we have been able 
to achieve higher turnover on account of this. As you can see, we maintain the turnover. Our 
effort is into ensure faster delivery to customers. We are trying to keep our deliveries within 
reasonable time of 12-18 months. As already mentioned, the challenges in order execution still 
persist. Inspite of challenges, we have been able to manage quite well so far. With respect to 
Machine Tool Division, we have closed the revenue of 230 crores as against. 135 crores for the 
corresponding period of last year. The division has registered a profit of 13 crores as as against 
Rs. 8.5 crores during Jun 21. There has been a slight reduction in the turnover of MTD as you 
can see from the numbers between quarter to quarter. The division has been significantly 
impacted on account of increase in cost of inputs also. These two were the major reasons for 
lower profit percentage. The turnover of Foundry remains constant, and there's been support 
from internal demand of both TMD and MTD also. With respect to Advanced Technology Centre, 
revenue was Rs. 20 crores for quarter ended Jun 22 and the division has achieved Break even as 

well as profitability for the current quarter. We see that the demand has come back. Order book 
is also quite longer. With respect to China, we have clocked a turnover of 58 crores. And profit is 
also positive. There's been margin of 10%. Again, China, this quarter they had lot of challenges. 
The country is under lock down completely. In LMW Middle East entity, first billing was done in 
the last week of June 22 for a value of 1 crore. On account of initial expenses there is a minimal 
loss, but otherwise we have started operations in a very short time. Thanks all for joining the call.  
Back to the moderator. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, Sir.Now I would request the attendees to please raise hands if. You would 
like to ask questions.After the communication of your name and the unmute status, the moderator 
that would be me. You may go ahead with your question.But the people would like to ask 
questions would I would request them to please raise their hands.That open to have 
questions.This for the participants that we have.You can raise your hands so that it is visible to 
the people in the panelists, including me, and then we can have your question taken.The first 
person was supposed to be Mr Dikshit but he is not in the attendee list yet.Still going ahead the 
the rest of the people if we have any question we can have your hands raised.Once we do that, 
we can unmute you.And you can go ahead.With your question with your video turned on.But as 
of now we do not have any hands raised from the participants.OK, perfect.Was it possible 
before?OK, now it is.Now enabled OK OK OK perfect so.I think at the host right back to me. Or 
will you be able to shift them to the panelists? The first person we we have here is Mr Manish 
Goyal. 
Manish Goyal 
Yeah, can you hear me now it's. 
Moderator 
yes you have been muted. You can ask the question with the video turned on. If you like your 
audible. 
V Senthil 
Yes, Mr Manish Goyal audible. How are you? 
Manish Goyal 
Uh, good, thank you so much Sir huh? You can repeat that and also if you can, please provide us 
with the absolute number of spare parts for FY22, because this time it was missing in the annual 
report and also if you can, 3rd question if you can give us a perspective on the.TMD margins. 
How are we looking at going forward in last call, we had mentioned that the the last price hike 
we had taken in December.21 we were expecting margins to improve from quarter 2 and even 
for MTD. Also we were expecting the same. So if you can do a perspective on that aspect. 
V Senthil 
OK, I think.percentage I mean members.Turnover was  2316 crores and  25% of that is 
Spares.That is the number for FY22.With respect to the TMD margins, yes, I think I will  take 

TMD margin question and go to the entity margins.TMD margins we did  revise the price in 
December 21.We said that the full impact of that revision will come up by Q 2 and we still stand 
by that.We expect that the impact of price revision will take some time.We expect incremental 
margin of around 2%..However for MTD we did a price revision in   May 22. The impact of that 
would also be reflected in Q 2 and we anticipate based on the existing numbers as it goes, we 
should have an impact of bottom line. Marginally we have adjusted spares price. Because, we 
have seen that there has been a consistent increasing cost by the steel prices. However, it have 
come down post May 22. Because of all the reasons which I mentioned before, the cost pressure 
won't be incremental. Logistics costs and would come down. Cost of electrical, electronic costs 
are also quite high. We monitor all input cost on periodical basis and based on this we take 
corrective actions.Electricity costs are also increasing. We have analysis of costs of expenses and 
monitor them closely. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much Sir. Not next person we have is Mr Devansh. Mr. Devansh you have been 
unmuted and you can also now turn on your video and go ahead with the question. 
Devansh Nigotia 
Yeah, I have some issue with video. So I just wanted the question, so there's. A couple of 
Questions about this despite at this point on the order seems to grow, so if you could just 
comment on the customer behavior and how things are shaping about customers in some soft 
points. 
V Senthil 
OK, you said 2 questions. second one 
Devansh Nigotia 
OK. So you can just elaborate. Out of market share movement against Trutzschler & Rieter has 
been shipping over the last 2 years over the competitors, if you can eleborate on new launches 
& pricing scenario. 
V Senthil 
OK. Yes, I think like I mentioned earlier we have been in position to have good turnover 
irrespective of the challenges faced. Order inflow is also good.From the market scenario, yes, 
there are some challenges as we can as we see that the cotton crisis is a challenge.The capacity 
utilization, the export of yarn, there are challenges our our stand basically is ours is a CapEx 
business, so whilst we can expect Cotton crop to come to the market in next couple of months.So 
when the customer is ready with the building and loan and there is also Lead time for us to 
deliver.From delivery to customers, we may shuffle the order in case of customer deferment. 
There are enough customers in the line who actually want the product.getting installed.So we did 
not see for Capex business a challenge, however.We  do understand that there are certain cases 
especially.In certain smaller mills, there are some capacities which are being shared for shorter 
time period because of the demand is low.It has some slight impact on spares, but from CAPex 
point of view, when they have planned and everything is set, they still require to deliver the 

machines So order execution is a positive thing that the order books are increasing. Order flow is 
still happening in this quarter also. With respect to the market share of machines, I mean not 
getting into too many specifics. Yes. Everyone is in the same boat. I mean the deliveries of all 
are like that of ours. Like I said, it stretches between 12 to 18 months depending the type of 
product between the projects depend on all those things I mentioned earlier. I think we should 
understand that market demand is still there and we all have extended deliveries as well. I think 
that's where our push is still to ensure that the machines are getting supplied as quickly as 
possible to the customers. I mean, that's that's what we're pushing for. At the moment. And 
ensuring all our supply chain is robust their request in and able to cater to the requirement.  
Moderator 
So let's say this was the question from Mr. Davansh the next person we have with his raised 
hand, waiting with his question is Mr. Varun Mr. Varun you have been unmuted and you can go 
ahead with the question. 
Varun 
Good afternoon Sir, I hope I'm audible. So first of all, congratulations on all your good 
performance in our textile market.My first question has to do with the Textile Machinery division. 
So as as you said, the order book is about 7000 crores and the delivery period is over 18 months. 
I'm just trying to understand how this would pan out, because you know at about 800 crores to 
800Crores on a quarter is. Where we are at full capacity.And 2 dispatch. 7000 crore. 18 months 
would be something like 1100 crores plus. Is my understanding right? Is there some CapEx which 
is coming up which will sort of fill the gap? 
V Senthil 
Yeah, if you want to start your other question. 
Varun 
yeah, so the second is the machine tool Division I understand last year we did close to 700 crores 
of revenue or X foundry. You know how much capacity is there? Over here to wrap up.Or what? 
What kind of peak revenues can we? Do in this business.And is there any CapEx which has been 
planned for this for this division? 
V Senthil 
OK, I think I have just 2 more breakdown like 7000, crores generally, what  happens is around.12-
15% of those are really the older orders.Right, so as you know, when you place an order, even 
however relative the order stays light but.It may not.Come up for execution so we don't call these 
live orders.So you you perhaps had lifted around 1000, 2200 crores of.New line orders, but worst, 
which are still there in the system balance or all for execution that all new orders.Yes, we have 
come off last 3 quarters, 4 quarters with an excellent order book as.What we have seen.Last 
yearBut so and workers in more of the regular order books. What we generally get to see? That 
is where our execution and order book kind of image. No, you're absolutely right when you talk 
about 12 to 18 months deliveries, what what generally happens now? As you can see in the 
current situation, because of the cotton prices, the yarn exports and things like that. People 

generally who are in the land, so these are all sequential orders, right? They're they're all 
sequenced out. Some of them might say that I wouldn't want it. I need to take it up a little bit 
later, so that's the way we are able to maintain that 12 to 18 month order book. And you're 
absolutely right, no customer would want to wait for 24 months. Orders so this the order book is 
there and these are all backed by 100%.It money and these are the only things which we've 
taken. It taken as orders where that 10% money is paid to us and these are all orders where 
10% rule is available. Oh we.Depending on the planting of the customer, whereas builders there 
is credit, availabilities is if you get a sequence number issue, so we are cost with respect to 
the.You order deliveries. Now. The question basically is are we going to increase capacities and 
the capex is there is capex. There are capex plan. Then we always have capex plans the amount 
of capacities amount of depreciation what we have. That's it capex be reinvesting.We are planning 
and.That we have added LMW Middle East where which takes care of certain amount of 
production assembly assembly out of there so that we are able to reach better the current LMW 
because we don't want everything coming in 2002 and then going out of town so that there there 
are plans. And that's that's what is this. There we are able to LMW Middle East.This is projection 
with respect to the machine CapEx itself. Yes, we mentioned you in last quarter and also the 
quarter.Before that we will be ordering the balancing complex and perhaps some repeating, but 
yes.We have enough capacities, but since this last one year the project orders have been quite 
alot.Their machines are getting shipped out right.So we might we.Moved balancing capacity, so 
in certain types of machines we need some capacity so that those capacities are getting added 
as TMD is concerned.No, with respect to mission to business.Absolutely, we already. We already 
have capacities where where we can still go by around 30-31% compared to. Turn your work, 
they clocked.Last year we increased our assembly footprint this year as we speak, we are 
increasing again. We have invested around 30 crores. In capex and further investing.The new 
building. So the idea there is to actually expand our assembly capacity because. Assembly and of 
course commissioning capacities for.division because most of it is being bought out, it is. It is 
important that we create assembly capacities and world world class facilities and that we are in 
the. Process of creating that.We are positive that even if it is going to be.The idea basically is 
even if we are able to go under 30 to 50%, we should be able to.To easily achieve that, 
turnover.Based on the capacity, what we are building. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much. Thank you so much for going ahead with the next person we have on on 
the list with the raise hand we have Mr Ritvik so it's like you have been unmuted. You can also 
turn on your video if you would like and we can have your question. 
Ritvik 
Yeah hi can. You hear me. 
V Senthil 
Yes Mr Ritvik how are you? 
 
 

Ritvik 
Hey, uh. Good afternoon sir So this 2 questions from my end. Sir, you mentioned or you are that 
you know we are expecting price realization to kicking from Q 2 and so so so does that margin. 
You know guidance also include some benefit from the commodity costs which I've already 
declined. And my second question is certainly not capital allocation.In our division.Payout so we 
have declared dividend of 40 ruppes for a fight between which translates to about 25% of pay 
out. So so So what is the thought process here? Especially given the fact that we have 
about.1000crores in the bank and. Generating very healthy cash flow. So so you know why, why? 
They are 25% payout and.We are paying out almost 100%, you know, water skiing.In the last 2 
years covid.So we would be an exception.And but you know what is your thought process here? 
Just wanted to keep covering on that. 
V Senthil 
Yeah, The dividend is actually 400%. 25% is payout. But in terms of dividend percentage it's 
400%. 
We have fixed price policy. For textile machinery business, there are 3 factors influencing 
performance. One is the fact that. We do import lot of electrical electronics and those electrical 
electronic items are becoming expensive as we speak and these things come from Europe.Where 
the supply chain issues on pricing, where the logistics cost, and also forex impact. So I think all 
these 3 things are going to impact on a daily basis. So today we are somewhere around 79-75 
for a U.S. dollar and import cost will be highly fluctuating. With so much uncertainties and looking 
into long term sustenance, we would like to remain at current payouts and invest as per policy. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, Sir.Thank you. The next person that we have with her hand raised is a Sonali 
Shah.Sonaliji you have been unmuted, you can also turn on your video if.You like and we can 
have you question. 
Sonali Shah 
Yeah hi thank you for the opportunity, well, am I audible? 
V Senthil 
Yes, ma'am. 
Sonali Shah 
So few textile companies have been talking about pushing their planned CapEx recently, quoting 
one spread kind of balances out while continuing over current capacity. Expansion plans are 
already underway, so my question is basically from the fact that you mentioned that from our 
current order book. Around 10 to 15% is pertaining to older orders. Is this by interest to expect 
10 to 15% any order deferment so far for any one customer? 
Second Question what kind of order inflow we expect this year with the current unbalancing 
crisis. 

V Senthil 
Yeah, so uh. Let me  explain.The.Older orders is something which we always carry. Right now 
the active orders is almost 85% of the order book which means order inflow is in respect of new 
orders. I think new orders are from customers Who are actually wanting to expand. Do people 
defer orders? Of course. Customers do defer orders depending on what circumstances they are 
in. Where do we see the order deferment we try to divert such orders to other customers who 
require machines on immediate basis. Since we Have project orders which constitute almost 65% 
of the order book. So basically these project orders where the customers are putting up complete 
new facilities where the investment in land and building is done in the loans are loans have been 
sanctioned off take of entire order will be as per plan and deferement in such cases is remote.On 
capacity availability,  you would have seen consistency of higher turnover in last two quarters 
and so we trying our best to shorten the delivery time to cusomers And I again as mentioned also 
before,  we are still pushing for better and higher turn over here and better deliveries.In case if 
there is deferment of orders, then the delivery priority will change and the customer who deferred 
will move back in the queue. We have record numbers in order inflow in History in terms of order 
booking this year, we definitely say there may not be a repeat exactly of last year, but we hope 
at the end of the year. We still continue to maintain similar order books and similar delivery times. 
That will be the the best possible scenario I should say. And for the first quarter it has.Come out 
like that.Yeah, we have. most of the orders of project orders have already been placed right? So, 
the customer wouldn't be comfortable to wait for place orders and then wait for 2 years and more 
in terms of delivery time. So our sense is that this order in take Yeah, could continue? We will 
have this 12 to 18 months kind of a delivery period that will go to the go to the future. That will 
be the sense of it. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Mr. Bhavin, you have been unmuted. Can we have your question please? Mr. Bhavin. 
Bhavin 
Am I audible? 
Moderator 
Yes you are. 
Bhavin 
historical perspective currently is about 7000crores.Go back slightly in the history so if you could 
just help us. How? What is the order book number more in March 20 ? Well, the bottomed out 
how it has both.Get a perspective of.We'll see. 
V Senthil 
OK, any other questions ? 
 
 

 
Bhavin 
Yes. The similar part of the question that was asked. Are we increasing the capacity is? Uh, you 
spoke about supply 2 about. And in both our products we are seeing increasing use of electronics 
and semiconductor. So how are you saying these supply chain? And the last question is. The ATC 
division if you could just give us a perspective over the next few years will. What's the point of 
the main scenario that we are seeing? Uh, efforts from also to actually make it to turn around. 
V Senthil 
OK, With respect to Textile machinery division again. if you go to one of the most difficult times 
which is March 20, there perhaps order book is around 1600 to 1800 crores numbers are generally 
short, but we know what challenges we have faced at that point in time. And in March 21, we 
were close to 3000 Crores little bit less than I think it was moved closer to 2500 to 2750 kind of 
scenarios What we had and still going back to earlier years say 2019 but I am not going back to 
2008, the order book was harder at that point in time. The order book is being more than what 
we have executed in June 22 that is giving you a historical perspective as far as this is concerned 
with respect to capacity addition or capacity increase. That how? And then MTD. Yes, we're 
increasing capacities in Machine and assembly space. We are in the process of 50% increase in 
the assembly area and we have been doing capacity addition in MTD division for last 2 years. 
With respect to MTD division, although the overall numbers are not getting added, but definitely 
we're adding balancing to ensure all machines are able to run. Now, coming to the supply chain 
bottleneck. Supply chain it is not only machine tool or textile machinery, it is impacting all divisions 
right? It is impacting other as well. I should say it is impacting both divisions. For us even we 
cannot ship a machine. If there's a problem with the chip and then stops. Winding machine 
wouldn't perform. So yes, we know there are some potential issues and we have been taking this 
head on. Our suppliers has done an excellent work. Interaction with our supplier base. Seeing 
reputation change to ensure that there is no stoppage of production. I think all of it.And like I 
said, in case of one of the components we have been able to try to buy, we have been trying to 
buy 6 months advance.So I think there are multiple levers which we can use the the design or 
the procurement and we haven't.Using everything possible to ensure that supply chain continues 
to run.And and there is single.Rather, the important question is, do we see this going becoming 
easing out? Rather, I think we see this easing out. I think we have to wait in Europe you know 
the type of inflation which is going on. You know the type of geopolitical issues which are going, 
so I don't see an immediate ruling as far as the supply chain is concerned, it is going to be under 
pressure. The logistics costs are going to be quite high. They continue to be.High?So that's what 
I was mentioning in the previous question as well. It's very very dynamic and we we are handling 
as best we can do. Right, we're going there. Coming to ATC division. Yes, I think who we are 
quite happy to move that the demand is bad. There's lot of orders. The order book perspective 
again they got close to 300 plus crores.So which I have to be?5 years to 6 years, right? So the 
order book is there. It's only that execution which is a challenge for last?2 years from the time of 
programming.And our reliance.Domestic was also being challenged because of model programs 
have been pushed out because of this thing not being diverted to having been diverted to provide 
requirements which we are all understand very well.So might be the case, They are still taking 
orders, but the execution is started coming and we hope that this would.This would continue it's 

we're happy to know that it's not the positive result we definitely expect to see this also going 
forward. 
Bhavin 
Second, gross margins in this division. And because I believe the losses historically were largely 
due to 
under utilization of the capacity so. 
V Senthil 
Absolutely, even now that is the case. In fact, if I were to give you a little bit perspective, we 
invested in, We have metallics for a long time and last 2 years we've invested in composites. 
Completely beautiful facilities. Articles were invested, but unfortunately the entire orders which 
are there are also for domestic and there is no pull. So there is a challenge in terms of profit. 
We're not making breaking even in the composite side. More than gross margins, we have lot of 
People, have machines, everything is there so it really pulls in & down the performance of division. 
If we try to continuously do 25 odd crores a month, then it would be reasonable to structure the 
company. We quote for it. We take the product. We should be ready for delivery. Now, it is. Yes, 
we have people, but when the delivery is not asked for them, the cost hits. The current scenario 
that we have been facing but we were like what I said. No one is more often which is happening. 
Hopefully it should become better. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much sir. The next person we have is Mr Balachandra Sinde.You have been 
unmuted. You can also turn on your video if you like. You can ask the question now. 
Mr Balachandra Sinde 
Sir good afternoon. Regarding order book, I just said, Keep it flattish. Are we conservative based 
on historical precedence or do we don't see as such capacity addition that much happening in 
this year, or at least the plans coming, because the China plus one strategy actually is seeing 
they are? Taking gathering pace this year, especially after the incentives and all the other things, 
well, India is going to be relatively better on the production cost. So don't we think that growth 
will further add to the capacity addition plans or we are factoring that? 
V Senthil 
OK, any other questions? 
Mr Balachandra Sinde 
No Sir,  
V Senthil 
See, I think from market perspective, definitely it's not only China plus one factor, what everyone 
is calling, it is also a lot of benefits in terms of the product. Well, may be the PLA schemes, 
definitely. Government support to ensure that we are able to stand. The thing in this entire 

shifting of spindles which everyone is talking about right and it is not only India, but there is also 
integration happening in Bangladesh, happening in Turkey as well. It's happening in many other 
places but one thing to understand is also that we stand in a better position because of the 
stability.  
There's no doubt, and that's what we're saying, and that's where. It serves as an indication. And 
say that there will be additional spindleage which are going into the market. It is only a temporary 
phenomenon in terms of cotton prices, and that is perhaps. My customers are also facing right 
now but definitely there is sprinkler, so this privilege when it comes into the market. included in 
total for finding spindles over the next 2 years to 3 years. We should also understand that the 
Advanced TUF Scheme, which was very just closed in March & new scheme has not been 
launched. I think that's also something which customers will be looking forward to and let us see 
how that comes out. So whatever the schemes which are out there are indication of support to 
garmenting & textiles income. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, Sir. All the people who have raised their hands have been taken and their 
questions have been answered. So can we concluding this meeting now? 
V Senthil 
I think Mr Amit has raised his hand and we may take his question. 
Moderator 
Mr. Amit you have been unmuted, you can also have your Video turned on if you want? 
Amit 
Yeah I saw. So my question was more on the TMD side so we mentioned that we have valid 
capacity in the Middle East and secondly, the balancing Capex has been done in the domestic 
facility. Suppose in this both capacity addition, What is the Peak revenue that we can do on a 
quarterly basis? 
V Senthil 
We have already seen the Coimbatore facility. The capacity of balancing capex when we add, as 
we go quarter on quarter incremental additions will be seen in our performance. 
We don’t and we can't give you guidance to say this is what is going to be our deliveries. But you 
will see and you are already seeing that so because.  Q 2 of last year to Q1 of this year we have 
seen at 10 percent growth in terms of top line and this is a very scientific way of approaching 
manufacturing. So, we have to get the best out of the existing systems and existing machines, 
which is what we will do. So, as we bring in Capex & debottlenecking as we go along,you will find 
that reflecting in our quarterly numbers, so we look forward to seeing quarterly numbers as we 
move forward. 
 
 

Amit 
In the order backlog. What would be the export orders that we have. What proportion of our 
order backlog is export? 
V Senthil 
Around 10%, In value terms, it is actually 1000 Crs out of 7000 Crs is export. 
Amit 
I have one more question to ask, you know, in the MTD Division we already have the capacity to 
do 30% more turnover and we are still, you know, going ahead with almost 50% up and 
increasing the assembly area, whereas in the TMD division, although the capacity is running at 
full pace, but you are not incrementally planning to add any Greenfield Capex. So are we more 
confident on the sustainability of the MTD order inflows going ahead? And are we slightly skeptical 
about that? 
V Senthil 
The point here is. There there is a requirement because it's an assembly fair type of operation. 
And we require that kind of growth for us to look at. But say 50% turnover, we need to have that 
50% additional space. That's the way to grow. MTD again, if you see, market share that we have, 
we are price leaders in MTD.Ours is the most expensive machine in India, and there is enough 
space to grow. Because as we start expanding coverage of machines, there are various sectors 
in general engineering, so we're talking about pumps, auto, non-auto. At least 20 other divisions 
which we look at. So you need for it has to increase our coverage, increase the top line. This 
requirement is paramount. But in case of TMD as like I said It's a large facility, right? We have 2 
very large facilities. These are totally 2 different businesses. It's not just an assembly plant in 
India where you can simply grow, increase floor space and start rolling. So it's totally different 
manufacturing process as far as TMD is concerned, but let us see. We take the decision of 
investment at prompt time. For whatever is required, and that's the capital allocation which we 
do, and we will ensure to meet the demand of the customer to ensure that we are well within 
the delivery time, we will be investing and we continue to do that. 
Amit 
Sure, Sir, last question from my side under TMD side what is the spindleage capacity addition 
that we are witnessing at the industry level and what is the kind of spindles that LMW can deliver?  
This is my last question. 
V Senthil 
I think it was close to 1.3 million to 1.2 million that is Jan to December. To answer your second 
part of question, spindleage capacity is around 70% or 72%. Going forward, as we start 
delivering, that’s what will get installed in the current year  
Moderator 
Thank you sir for answering all the questions. 

V Senthil 
Well, I thank all participants and thank every one.  
Moderator 
Thank you so much, Sir. All the questions that were raised this meeting are answered. Thank you 
so much everybody for joining this meeting. We declare this meeting concluded. Thank you so 
much all the attendees. Thank you. 
