HAPAR 
Tomorrow's solutions today 
E-filing
SEC/0408/2022 
August 4, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
"Exchange Plaza", 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai — 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: The Manager, Listing Dept. 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
27'h Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532259 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept. 
Sub, : Submission of Transcript of Investors Earnings call on Un-audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for Q1 FY23 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), 
as amended from time to time 
Dear Sir, 
Kindy refer to our letter no. SEC/2907/2022 dated July 29, 2022 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recording of Investors Earnings Call on Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for Q1 FY23. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith the transcript of the Investors Earnings Call on the Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the Q1 and Three Months period ended June 
30, 2022 made on July 29, 2022. 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at 
www.apar.com.
Kindly take note of this. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For APAR Industries Limited 
Sanjaya Kunder 
(Company Secretary) 
Encl. : As above 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: APAR House, Corporate Park, V N Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar corn www apar.com 
Regd Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, RC Duff Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar corn www apar.com CIN L91110GJ1989PLC012802 

 
 
Page 1 of 38 
 
 
“Apar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 29, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
               
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KUSHAL DESAI - CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. CHAITANYA DESAI - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
                                             MR. RAMESH IYER - CFO, APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIHAR MEHTA - S-ANCIAL   
                                             TECHNOLOGIES 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 38 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Apar 
Industries Limited Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder to all participants line will be in the  listen‐only  
mode, and  there  will  be  an  opportunity  for  you  to  ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nihar Mehta from S-
Ancial Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Nihar Mehta: 
Hi, very good afternoon to everyone. This is Nihar Mehta from 
S-Ancial Technologies. On behalf of the management of Apar 
Industries, I would like to thank all of you for participating in 
the earnings conference call for the first quarter of FY'23 for 
Apar Industries. To discuss the business performance and 
outlook, we have from the management side, Mr. Kushal Desai, 
who is the Chairman and  Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya 
Desai, who's the Managing Director; and the CFO, Mr. Ramesh 
Iyer. 
 
I would now like to hand over the mic to Mr. Chaitanya Desai. 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm 
welcome to the Q1 FY'23 earnings call of Apar Industries. I 
will start with an overview of our performance, followed by a 
quick industry update and then get into details on the segmental 
performance, post which we can open the floor to questions. 
 
For Q1 FY'23, the consolidated revenue came in at INR 3,093 
crore, up 71% year-on-year driven by both volume growth and 
price increases from commodity values across segments. 
Export revenues is up 76% year-on-year, contributing to 42% 
versus 41% in the previous year. EBITDA is up 73% year-on-
year to INR 239 crore at a margin of 7.6%. PAT came in at 
INR 122 crore, up 97% year-on-year with 4% margin versus 
3.4% in Q1 of FY'22. All 3 divisions contributed to the 
performance, which is the highest reported quarterly profit till 
date. I will now cover a few industry highlights. 
 
Total outstanding dues owed by electricity distribution 
companies, the discoms, to power producers rose by 4% year-
on-year to INR 1,32,432 crore in June 2022.On a sequential 
basis, total dues in June increased from INR 1,30,139 crore in 
May of 2022. India is poised to add 27,000 circuit kilometers of 
interstate power transmission networks by 2024, as it has 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 38 
already added 6,500 circuit kilometers or almost 1/4 of the 
target. 
 
The power transmission network expansion has been planned, 
keeping in mind the ultimate goal of having 500 gigawatts of 
non-fossil fuel-based electricity generation capacity in the 
country. The Power Ministry official also said that in addition 
to 27,000 circuit kilometers by 2024, India would need to build 
transmission lines to evacuate 180 gigawatt generation 
capacity, which will ultimately help the country to realize its 
goal of having 500 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2030. 
 
According to the latest report released by the Central Electric 
Authority, the overall target for substation transformation 
capacity addition for FY'23 has been set at 95,659 MVA. This 
is 17.3% higher than the comparable target of 81,545 MVA for 
FY'22. In terms of voltage plants, the bulk of the target, 44.5%, 
will come from 400 KV substations. The 765 KV class will 
account for 28.2% of the target, while the 220 KV category will 
make up the remaining 27.3%. The current geopolitical 
environment has forced India to further expand its defense 
capabilities and it has cleared the purchase of indigenous 
military hardware worth INR 76,390 crore to sharpen combat 
capabilities with next-generation warships, wheeled armored 
fighting vehicles with anti-tank guided missiles, radars to locate 
weapons and tanks to lay bridges. All these infrastructure 
investments will lead to increased demand for our products and 
services. I would like to now cover segmental highlights. 
 
Conductors revenue in Q1 FY'23 grew 128% year-on-year to 
reach INR 1,548 crore with 64% year-on-year growth in 
volumes, mix improvement and increase in commodity prices. 
Exports grew 120% year-on-year, contributing 42% to 
revenues. The premium product contribution increased to 47% 
from 44% in Q1 of FY'22. The EBITDA per ton post 
adjustment was at INR 21,933. This is a historical high, and it 
contributed due to an improved mix of premium products. New 
order inflow came in at INR 2,017 crore, up 30% year-on-year.  
 
In Q1 of FY'23, our oil revenue was INR 1,068 crore, up 28% 
year-on-year. Exports contributed 43% to revenue. The 
EBITDA per KL post adjustment came in at INR 9,712. 
Margins were elevated in this quarter as the weighted average 
cost of inventory was comparatively low. There have been 
supply chain issues with the higher priced base oil deliveries 
getting delayed by several weeks resulting in lower cost basis 
in Q1, but will be followed by a very sharp increase in Q2. This 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 38 
will affect margins in Q2 for sure. Lubricants revenue was INR 
217 crore, up 36% year-on-year, driven by volume growth in 
industrial oil business.  
 
In Q1 of FY'23, our cables revenue reached INR 638 crore, up 
60% year-on-year with strong growth across all sub-segments 
except optical fiber cable sales, which were impacted by muted 
telcos business. Power cables revenue was up 60% year-on-
year and elastomeric cables revenue was up 84% year-on-year. 
Exports contribution at 43% versus 19% in Q1 of FY'22 was 
the main contributor to the increase in power cable sales. Sales 
into the renewable energy installations, railways for both 
locomotives and coaches and increased purchase by the defense 
factories all resulted in the higher sales of elastomeric cables. 
 
We are running all 3 E-beam machines at full capacity. The 
fourth E-beam machine, a new plant to produce wind mill 
cables, are at an advanced stage of installation with commercial 
production in both units likely to start in Q3 of FY'23. These 
expansions are well-timed and will increase overall sales in H2 
of FY'23. 
 
The EBITDA post forex adjustment came in at INR 49 crore 
with 7.6% margin, up 95% versus Q1 of FY'22 with improved 
order and product mix.  
 
Overall, we remain optimistic on our conductor and cable 
business as the level of infrastructure is expected to be high, 
both in India and overseas. However, our oil volumes may be 
affected from high product prices in Q2. For the company, our 
growth drivers remain strong. 
 
With this, I come to the end of my comments. I would like to 
thank everyone for joining our conference call and open the 
floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Pujan Shah from 
Congruence Advisers. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Pujan Shah:  
Yes. First of all, sir, congratulations for a great set of numbers. 
So my first question evolve around this our conductor business, 
right? So our conductor business has made a high EBITDA 
margin of, you can say, roughly close up to 22,000 metric tons. 
And if we say we have improved, you can say, product mix, 
which is a better margin product from like say 44% to 47%, so 
which is a 3% incremental change in the revenue side. So my 
question is what can be the alpha between the normal product 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 38 
EBITDA and the high EBITDA generating EBITDA? It's a 
difference between 1,000 or something like that? Can I assume 
that? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So it's difficult to have a straight answer to this, because it's not 
one conductor that we have in normal and one conductor that 
we have for the premium product, because it's mostly a made-
to-order business and there are sort of variables that come into 
the play in order to determine the margins. 
 
Also, the price is also influenced with the commodity prices 
that keeps on changing. And therefore, there's no kind of a 
thumb-rule that we can establish between a normal and in this 
conductor. The other reason is that in addition to the 
commodity prices, we see a huge impact having with the 
interest cost also. So one of the reasons why we have high 
EBITDA is, of course, due to high proportion of premium 
products. But in addition, as the interest cost increases, this gets 
factored into our customer prices. So your EBITDA, which is 
your earnings before interest, captures that sales price, but the 
cost appears below EBITDA, which is on the interest line. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sir, I was going through your annual report. 
And actually, I just incurred something like we are expanding 
into batteries of 3 wheeler, 2 wheelers and specifically car 
products and such like that. So can you just give me a broad 
outlook, so why we made such a decision to diversify in such 
businesses? And what is the perception in, let's say, 3, 4 kind of 
years of horizon? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So the whole target is to actually get a higher wallet share of 
the mechanic. So all of these products are very influencer 
driven. And by selling through the same channel, which is 
distributed retailer and mechanic, we are in a position to 
actually leverage the total business that is being done in terms 
of sales to the influencer, which is the mechanic. 
 
So the primary product will remain lubricants, but they also 
buy these products. And on one of the previous earnings calls 
last year, we mentioned that we've also launched a mechanic 
loyalty program, which earns quite successfully. So these 
products have been added to the mechanic loyalty program. So 
as the mechanic buys more products from us, the loyalty points 
increase and this whole system is completely seamless. It's a 
paperless process. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 38 
So automatically, the credit of these points go into the 
distributors wallet, and the distributor can then encash those 
points. So in short, the answer is that we are looking at 
basically improving the whole supply chain and getting a larger 
portion of the mechanics wallet. Also over a period, if you see 
some of the lubricant demands could fall as electric vehicles 
increase. And having access to a range of batteries and wheels, 
we are agnostic to whether it's an IC engine or electric engine. 
So that's how we've looked at adding these. The sales team 
remains pretty much the same. So it's really a leverage in terms 
of the whole supply 
 
Pujan Shah: 
So there will not be a much often extra spending cost on 
developing and spreading this product? But it would be an add-
on advantage to Apar, right? That is my understanding. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. So there's not a huge amount of product development cost. 
There is a certain amount of operating costs because we have a 
warranty program. Again, it's the first digital warranty program 
that was developed in India 2 years ago to run along with MLP 
for batteries. So we've used all that sort of technology and it's 
slowly, slowly continuing to grow. There's no real major thrust 
is there. But as we deal with the mechanics and as we engage 
more on our platform, all of these products are starting to 
increase. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, sir. And my third question would be, if I could squeeze 
in. Third question would be, we are developing a brand on 
light-wire cable, which is Anushakti brand. So any views on 
that? Like how much we need to spend or sort of any glance 
over this Anushakti brand to developing a state scale of 10, just 
give a ballpark number of revenue contribution in, let's say, 3 to 
4 years, any such ballpark number if you can give us, sir? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So in the LDC, which consists actually of the building wires as 
well as light-duty cables because there's a range of them, with 
the building wire being the largest single SKU in that particular 
group. So our target is to get to INR 500 crore 3 years from 
today in that product category. So we were INR 20 crore. And 
the next year, we did INR 60 crore. Last year, we crossed INR 
100 crore. This year, the operating plan is to look at INR 200 
crore. 
 
The product that we have is an extremely unique product. 
Nobody else offers the product. And it has 2 fundamental 
advantages, which is what helps us differentiate against 
everybody, including Havells, Polycab and all the other major 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 38 
established players. One is that it has a much higher current 
carrying capacity. It can carry 50% more current. And 
secondly, the insulation is such that it's very highly short circuit 
resistant. So the short circuiting will not happen quickly. 
 
So when you combine these 2 aspects, it really has a technical 
performance. So most of the investment which we are doing 
today is in frontline salespeople who are going and demoing the 
product to various influencers as well as to small builders, 
projects, et cetera. The spending that will be there on 
advertising and promotions, et cetera, we'll pretty much capture 
that within the margin of the incremental sale that is coming on. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. And sir, as I read your con call in that you told us that in 
defense, there is a difficult to get the entry. Once we get the 
entry, we get a scale up in the business. So I think we have got 
something like INR 70 crore, INR 80-odd crore of revenue 
from defense, I think last year also. So are we seeing any 
traction in defense side getting, you can say, doubling the 
revenue in defense? Or we are still pretty much the similar line 
on the defense? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So our expectation this year on the defense side is that, 
fundamentally, today still a very large portion of the defense 
equipment is still made by the government facilities, especially 
with our main area within defense is really warships or ships, 
submarines and reconnaissance vessels. So it's mostly with the 
Navy. And there is a steady growth that we will see. It's just 
that it takes a fairly long gestation period to completely build 
and wire one of these carriers. So for example, if you had read 
in the papers in the last few months and it's there on our social 
media and LinkedIn, that 2 of the warships, the frigates, which 
got commissioned in the last few months, both of them had a 
significant portion of wiring from Apar. So we expect that this 
year, we will probably get closer to INR 100 crore, but it all 
depends on the manufacturing schedule that comes out finally 
from Mazagon Docks and GRSE and all these players. 
 
But the trend, as Chaitanya bhai mentioned, the trend is 
absolutely positive because more and more is happening 
locally. There are also shipyards which have come in, in the 
private sector. L&T has one significant shipyard out of the 
South, near Chennai. So they are also starting to get more 
business. The wiring goes in towards the second half of the 
ship's preparation, so we'll see continuously this defense side 
increase. There are more competitors coming in, but then there 
are more and more requirements coming in. So we are ahead of 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 38 
the curve. And therefore, we expect that the total volume 
coming in from these type of cables will continue to rise. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from 
Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Pratiksha here. So my first question was with regards to 
conductors. So we're seeing some dip-in realizations here on Q-
o-Q basis. Despite which we've got EBITDA further increasing. 
So just wanted to understand if there's some amount of 
inventory gains in this segment as well. 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Inventory gains are not going out there in conductor as a lot of 
these back-to-back order based. But as I said, one of the reason 
is definitely, these premium products and also there are 
multiple products within the premium products that the mix of 
it changes and the mix of it can increase the EBITDA. So one 
of those things has happened in this particular quarter. And the 
second thing is that, as I was explaining earlier, there is an 
increase in the interest cost. And therefore, if you look at Q1 
itself, the incremental interest cost had also been into EBITDA, 
but when you look at the earnings post interest, it will be 
slightly less than the 21,900 number there. If you look at Q4 to 
Q1, the amount of interest cost in the conductor business has 
risen by about INR 2,000 per metric ton. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
 
Okay. INR 2,000 per metric ton, the same, just for Q3? 
 
Ramesh Iyer:  
 
Incremental interest cost from Q4 to Q1. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And generally with commodity prices increasing, do we 
expect our realizations to decrease in coming quarters, 
especially for cables and conductors? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
The realization will actually depend on the commodity prices. 
As the commodity prices come down, the realization will come 
down at the same time and conversely, if the commodity price 
goes up our sales will go, but it will not impact the bottom line 
in terms of a per unit level. And therefore, we kind of measure 
our business also in terms of per unit, because if you look at 
percentage and there'd be too much wavering depending on 
how the commodity prices goes here. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I can just add to what Ramesh has mentioned here that we 
have both aluminum and copper are down between 25% and 
30% from their all-time high. So there will be obviously an 
impact in terms of per kilometer cost or per ton cost of the 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 38 
product. However, we will also see steady revenue coming in 
on these products. And as Ramesh has mentioned, that we 
calculate an EBITDA per ton for operating costs, and then we 
adjust that for interest. So the interest cost also will marginally 
could come down because the billing value will come down. So 
over the years, I don't think you will see, yes, you will see some 
movement on the top line. But I think the bottom line will 
continue with this sort of level. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. Sir, the last time our commentary mentioned that we 
probably expect the share of conventional conductors to go up. 
But with 54% of our order book right now being high-margin 
business, do we expect these EBITDA per ton level, per unit 
level to sustain? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So we expect our EBITDA level to be in the range of about 
around INR 17,500. That's the kind of number we expect, 
around INR 17,000 to INR 17,500. And of course, the quarterly 
numbers will actually depend on the level of execution that 
happens because these are all make-to-order business, where 
sometimes, it takes longer gestation period to manufacture and 
then there's a lot of inspection involved. So we look at it from a 
long-term perspective, 3 months perspective, maybe very short 
to kind of conclude that the particular level of EBITDA will 
continue. But then we do expect that for high premium 
products have more than close to 50% shares. The EBITDA are 
likely to be on the range of about INR 17,000 to INR 17,500 
per metric ton. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Also I can add to what Ramesh is saying that the gestation 
cycle for the execution of the orders is getting a bit faster. So 
even the HTLS, which is reconductoring jobs, compared to 
what the cycle was pre-COVID and then, of course, during 
COVID it got really messed up because of various project-
related issues. But going forward, the gestation cycles are also 
getting better. So I think that should also help improve some of 
the ratability that we have. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. Sir, what would be the execution period for our current 
order book of INR 3,600 crore? 
 
Ramesh Iyer:  
 
It should be about a year, close to about a year. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And on Cable division, the new E-beam machine that we 
are commissioning, expected to commission in Q3. So if this 
was to run at optimum capacity, what would be the revenue 
potential from this one as the current scenario? 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 38 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I don't have a straight answer for that, but the product really 
depends on the product mix that we have, because it will be 
used both for the locomotives and railways, as well as for some 
of the bigger cables that are required in the ships. But our 
expectation is that you'll probably get somewhere in the range 
of around INR 5 crore to INR 6 crore on this front and then 
certain other cables will be manufactured on this at a faster 
speed, opening up our services revenue. So probably 
somewhere in the range of around INR 7 crore to INR 8 crore 
per month. 
 
And it also depends very heavily on the mix of cable, because 
for some of these specialized cables, the insulation is very, very 
different. So even though the copper and aluminum, most of 
them are copper, that copper is standard in terms of its 
performance 
requirements. 
The 
insulations 
vary 
very 
dramatically. So essentially, what will happen is that most of 
the cable which we make are made 2.5 machines are used for 
cable and half our machine is used for services. So when you 
add the third, it'll will become equivalent to 3.5. And our sense 
is that within a year, we will be completely loading this 
machine. 
 
Also we make solar cables on this. So at the moment, we have 
not been taking a lot of solar orders because the 3 machines are 
running flat out. And solar cables, compared to railway and 
defense, are low margin. So when this machine comes up, then 
we'll be able to do that. We've also started exporting solar 
cables into Europe, and that's a big opportunity that's opened 
up, given the very high cost of power there. More and more 
European manufacturers are looking at supplies coming from 
India. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And how do they look at OFC market? Like, are we 
seeing any improvement in the near future? Do we foresee the 
demand to pick up, especially because prices seem to be rising? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So 
just 
recently, 
the 
government 
has 
made 
some 
announcements, where they will recapitalize BSNL and 
MTNL. And so as they roll out more networks, there could be a 
possibility of this growing. The OFC order book will probably 
grow in the next 2, 3 years from today. But our major thrust is 
actually on export of power cables and on the elastomeric 
cables, and we are actually moving faster away from the rest of 
the pack. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 38 
So for example, in the North American market, we have 18 
U.S. approvals, which is the highest amongst all manufacturers 
in India. And with our UL approval, it has to be marked on the 
cable, you cannot supply it. So we've focused on those markets 
where we think there will be a steady demand coming up year-
on-year. The optical fiber, it's a completely separate unit. It has 
a separate team. They'll continue to push for as much business 
as they can get. But the fortune of the company will not depend 
on what happens to OFC. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. Understood. Last question, what was the capacity 
utilization in Hamriyah this time, this quarter? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So we've just gone through with an increase of almost 30% in 
terms of debottlenecking storage and some of the bulk blending 
there. But as I said, particularly the capacity utilization for 
transformer oil and white oil, et cetera, one can speed it up. We 
don't run the plant on 3 ships, it's runs currently only on 2 ships. 
So there's a lot of room there. It's really a function of getting 
the right customer and order flow. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And currently, it is the transformer oil where we are 
confident of demand sustaining, right? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. The transformer oil side, I think everywhere, there is a 
resurgence that's happening even in countries and GCC, where 
they are a very large producer of crude and petroleum products, 
they are also putting in extremely large installations being part 
of this whole ESG pledges, which have been made. And most 
of these countries have a lot of sunshine. So the solar 
installations are coming up, which will be very, very large in 
size. So our sense is that the requirement for transformer oils 
and cables mostly are produced locally, will continue to 
increase in that region. In the case of white oil, as we 
mentioned in some of the comments of our investor update, is 
that oil commodities have come down between 20% and 40% 
pretty much. But petroleum products have not come down that 
much. 
 
Diesel has just corrected in terms of premium over crude by 
about $100-odd. So base oil prices haven't come down. So 
today, substitute products to base oils have gotten cheaper. So 
you can, in certain formulations, reduce the amount of white oil 
and increase the amount of hydrogenated veg oil. So veg oil 
have become cheaper than white oil. So there will be a little bit 
of adjustment that happens there, but we are quite bullish on the 
transformer oil side going forward. Both domestically, now we 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 38 
are seeing increases happening as you heard in the opening 
remarks also. A lot of transformation capacity is coming in and 
is right down our back alley, which is 400 KV, 765 KV. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Right. Understood, okay. And lastly, do we expect our interest 
costs to remain elevated given that we have basically high 
volume prospects ahead? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Our expectation of interest remaining high, because if you 
compare it to a year ago, there have been multiple hikes from 
the fed. The whole oil business and even to some extent, the 
conductor and cable business does have a component of U.S. 
dollar funding, because customers open 90 days or 180 days 
letters of credit or in some cases, the transaction is on a DDP 
basis. We have to deliver the product to the customer. 
 
So there are lines of credit by which you can discount your 
documents and get the money. Even then, the discounting rates 
also have gone up. So I think interest costs are now here to go. 
The period that we had in the last few years was at an 
artificially low level. They're now getting to a level which is 
actually what we had seen prior to COVID kind of coming in. 
So they're going to be here to stay. And that's why Ramesh here 
mentioned that it's an integral part of the EBITDA. So we have 
been adjusting our prices considering the number of days 
outstanding as well as the rate of interest that will be associated 
with that type of business. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. So essentially, this will more or less become a pass-
through cost for us? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, it's sort of pass through, but it'll be negotiated in. And 
fortunately, most of the competition that we have also around 
the world, everybody is being subjected to that. So it's not a 
unique cost which we are picking up. 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And how about freight cost? We had a serious concern 
about it. How do we look at it in next few quarters? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So freight costs have started coming off for containerized 
freight, and I think most of the hit on freight has been pretty 
much absorbed by us, other than 1 or 2 contracts. In some 
cases, there will be a small freight gain because when those 
orders were taken, now the current rate is a little lower than the 
previous rate. So overall, we don't see freight today on the 
containerized cargo actually being a big hit or a drag on 
earnings. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 38 
 
On the other hand, bulk freight rates have gone up very, very 
substantially. And the reason for that is that we buy directly 
from refineries and refineries get into long-term contracts with 
the shipping companies. So most of this increase happened in 
2021, and they already have signed contracts. So that's limited 
the amount of increases that the bulk shipping companies could 
make. 
 
So now in the contract that were renegotiated, they are at a 
much higher level. So that has also added actually to the landed 
cost of the base oils, not only in India but everywhere around 
the world. But to your point that whether it's going to actually 
affect the conductor cable side, which is where we were more 
concerned in the previous calls, we have specifically 
highlighted that. I think we are kind of over the hump on that 
one. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
Sir, questions have already been asked. You have given on 
conductor side, you are mentioning that EBITDA per ton will 
be in the range of around INR 17,000 to INR 17,500. But if you 
see the last 2 quarters, we have been consistently doing better. 
And is that clear, it's coming back to why you were guiding the 
INR 17,000 to INR 17,500 is likely due this any inventory loss 
we may have in the coming quarter because of the correction in 
copper and aluminum price? Or is it that you want to be more, 
like, conservative, which has always been as an operator 
management and you want to continue to follow the practice? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Here, there is no element of inventory loss because we are 
completely back-to-back hedging the contract. And every order 
is backed by a proper risk-managed framework of hedging 
strategy. So we don't expect price falling down in any way to 
kind of hurt our EBITDA there. The only thing is that as the 
execution and inspection period takes time, it really depends on 
the mix of the products that is finally getting sold and 
accounted as revenue in the financial statement. That is what 
we'll determine the EBITDA on a metric ton basis. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
And you expect to execute large amount of HEC and copper 
conductor in overall volume going forward compared to what 
you've been doing since last 2 quarters? 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 38 
Ramesh Iyer: 
The proportion possibly can change. So if the proportion 
changes, our EBITDA will change. And secondly, as I 
mentioned, that this also has a factor of interest cost. So 
depending on the interest cost, this EBITDA can go. For 
instance, if you see, the aluminum price and copper price 
comes down in this quarter, your interest component may come 
down. And therefore, your selling price may be lower and that 
means our EBITDA level, it may be coming down. So it 
depends on multiple factors in terms of interest cost, in terms of 
your proportion of premium product getting sold, depending on 
the level of execution and inspection that happens and the 
consolidated view of that will determine your EBITDA. And 
therefore, if you look at a larger time period, that would be a 
proper indication of the EBITDAs that is there in the business. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
On the TSO segment, you have an additional huge jump in 
EBITDA per KL probably because of a supply chain 
distribution disturbance. But you also mentioned that the 
upcoming cargoes, which will come at in a much higher price 
and this will normalize your EBITDA per KL in this segment. 
Is this a similar situation, what you had 1 year, 1.5 years back, 
when the oil was in shortage, and that led to the 2, 3 quarters of 
very high EBITDA per KL, and subsequently it came down to 
the range of around INR 5,000, INR 5,500 per KL. So are we in 
a similar situation? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
To some extent, Maulik, that is the case. So typically, what you 
would do is, you take a weighted average price based on the 
commitments that you have of delivery coming in for the 
quarter. And because there have been supply chain issues, bad 
weather around Korea and with the lockdowns in China, the 
vessels which have called on China have automatically got 
delayed and then they do the rotation and come back. So there 
is a little bit of that element. What you are saying, 
fundamentally the trend will happen. The INR 9,700 per KL 
come down to equalize somewhere in between INR 5,000 and 
INR 6,000 a KL. And then hopefully, it should start getting 
steadied going forward. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
And on cable side, about this retail business, Anushakti wire, 
right? The investment we have made in terms of building an 
brand, building an team which executes the project, and in 
particular, this one, what kind of our product launch we have, 
some highlights on that will be really helpful. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So at the moment, most of our expense has been in terms of 
getting people on the ground. Because as I mentioned earlier, 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 38 
it's a very unique wire and the best way to sell the wire through 
demonstrations. So if any customer brings a wire and puts it on 
a machine, when you increase the current, the Anushakti wire 
will remain standing much, much longer than after the 
insulation on any other wire has melted. So most of our work 
right now has been focused on that. 
 
We signed up Sonu Sood as a brand ambassador. So towards 
the second half of the year, you'll see some limited advertising 
going on. So we really expect to making sure that certain 
prerequisites are met. Your distribution is in place, et cetera, 
then you can step up advertising. So the margins which are 
coming out of that product line are pretty much feeding into 
years recycling that entirely back into distribution and brand 
building. But cable business, otherwise, given the way we 
expect business to increase on the elastomeric side, as we've 
already seen for wind mills, for solar, for defense, et cetera, that 
will take care of ensuring that the cable numbers, both top line 
and bottom line will remain good.  
 
We have a runway of a couple of years. At least these other 
products growth will not really impact the amount that you 
spend on the LDC side and the wire side. So it should help us. 
And as I said, our target is that last year, we did a little over 
INR 120 crore. This year, we are targeting over INR 200 crore, 
and next year between INR 400 crore and INR 500 crore. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
Okay. And so I think that's a pretty large target. I'm sure that 
you will achieve it. This is the second launch of Anushakti, 
right? We did one launch probably 4, 5 years back. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So no, we have not really launched the product. It was really 
being sold only into the projects segment. We hadn't really 
focused on doing retail offering. We then took on a target 
market, which was Kerala, 2 years ago, and to see whether on 
the retail side, we could end up getting good traction on it. And 
we found that moment to do the demo, especially to any 
independent house owner or someone who is redoing their own 
apartment, it is absolutely a no-brainer to use this, because the 
amount of electrical intensity in any house is just increasing. 
 
You don't know today, after 5 years, how much power you're 
going to consume. And the worst thing for you to do is to 
rewire the house because it will be a complete mess. All the 
paint and everything will get peeled off and all these things. So 
literally, like a wire that you take and forget, and the life on the 
Anushakti wire is already tested to be 50 years because it uses 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 38 
the same fundamental technology as goes into locomotives and 
ships. So it's basically a wire and forget kind of application. So 
I would not think that growth of the Anushakti will make a 
huge dent in terms of the cable profitability. On the contrary, 
the brand will continue to get built. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
So I was not worried about the profitability part. I'm more 
interested in knowing how fast you can scale up. And that's 
what I wanted to know that the people you have hired on the 
product side, on the branding side, the distribution side. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So we've taken the help of a top management consulting firm to 
sit and work out the entry strategy and stuff. So all that's 
already done, and it is being rolled out. That's how the 
numbers, we expect them to show some good growth. 
 
Maulik Patel:  
 
And in terms of people hiring. Whom you have hired to drive             
                                                this? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
We've hired people who have primarily been in the trade, not 
necessarily just from wires, but in the electric straight. So 
you've got a whole slew of products, which include switches, it 
includes lighting products, switch gears, et cetera. So we have 
obviously worked on selecting good people, because without 
investing in that, nothing can actually grow. There are 7 states 
in the South, which we have already started. The people on 
ground and the business is starting, which are the 4 Southern 
states. And then to that is added Maharashtra and Gujarat. And 
in the North, we've basically started in UP, and then we'll be 
adding Haryana and the NCR region. 
 
Maulik Patel: 
Sure. Just to the last question and it's a book-keeping question. 
What kind of Capex we are looking for this financial year? And 
in which areas we will spend? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So our total Capex in this year, we expect about INR 150-odd 
crore, roughly about 2/3 we expect to be in the cable division. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
A lot of this is actually a carry forward of projects which were 
announced earlier. Like, so for example, if you take the fourth 
E-beam machine we have and the CCV lines, which is a state-
of-the-art line for making these cables for wind mills, those will 
get commissioned this year. So all kinds of part issues were 
there, all machinery delivery is also running 6 months behind 
schedule because of electronic parts and things like that. So it 
will be a carry-forward of allocations which were done in 
previous periods, which will get completed this year. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 38 
 
Maulik Patel:  
 
I think we are setting fourth E-beam machines, right? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
 
Yes. 
 
Maulik Patel:  
 
And that will come in which quarter? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
 
In the third quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pawan Nahar, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
It seems we are pretty much on track for the 20% ROE number, 
so congratulation. Second was, I just wanted to understand how 
much would that be inventory gain being in this quarter for the 
oil business? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I would call it a margin gain. So the margin gain actually, 
typically, you would have had between 5,000 and 6,000. So the 
difference between the 2, which is about 3,000-odd KL is part 
of the lower cost structure being in place. So in the following 
period, you'll see a big step function increase. So in some cases, 
you've already increased prices or partly increased prices to 
customers. So the unit margin is showing higher in the month 
of June. In the month of July, August, that unit margin will fall 
until we are able to make another price increase to rationalize 
the whole thing. 
 
So we are looking at a levelized number in the range of 
typically INR 5,000 a KL. And as Ramesh mentioned, we've 
been quite cognizant of adjusting that, taking interest as a 
variable cost. The rest of it is, like, pretty much a pass-through, 
right, in terms of blending and other areas which you refix from 
time-to-time. But as the interest rates move up, we've been 
factoring that to the cost which we have. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
In fact, that would be a lovely way to look at it because I was 
myself wondering if we could look at both the oil business, the 
conductor business, EBITDA after the interest costs, like you 
simplify it for us as outsider. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So we have that working, which is there. And Ramesh was 
contemplating introducing that an additional measure. It's just 
that most analysts and most of the people who are on this call, 
they are used to a certain metrics, but we can obviously provide 
both. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 38 
Pawan Nahar: 
It will be really very, very nice. Because I -- right now, in the 
screen, I have data for the last 13 years in terms of spreads for 
both the businesses and margins for cable. Okay, before I get 
there. I mean, I wanted to ask you, now what would be the 
volume growth outlook for the oil business for the full year? 
Last year, it was 460,000 KL earlier, I think we spoke about 
6.5% volume growth. So would you, like, say that all part 
490,000, 500,000 KL would be the number, volumes? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So our expectation is and the business plan that we've made is 
looking at almost constant volume over the previous year and 
this year, simply because there has been so much of increase. 
And if you see in terms of the mix of product that's coming out 
from a crude barrel, it is just diesel and aviation fuel, which is 
above the watermark. Even gasoline is right at the price of 
crude or in some markets, even slightly below that, naphtha is 
$25 below. So it's been a standout and not come down, where 
all other products have come down. So wherever you have 
substitution, like in white oil, that volume will get affected. 
And we've mentioned in our comments also that the white oil 
business has grown very substantially over the last couple of 
years. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
And in that case, Kushal, I mean, given that I would imagine 
white oil would be less in terms of the spread versus the other 
businesses, the big businesses. Then we should be looking at a 
higher EBITDA per KL number for this year. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Pavan, not necessarily because the last couple of years, we 
made very good margins on white oils, both technical grade 
and pharmaceutical grade, which we're seeing kind of tapering 
off right now. We've been seeing even demand falling off. Like 
Africa is a very large market where they use these products, 
and there is an affordability issue. And the beauty of the third 
world is that people are very elastic in terms of how they adjust 
demand. So we’ve gone with a conservative plan on this front. 
The oil business has done a lot of heavy lifting in the last few 
years. And I think our conductor and cable business will 
actually come into their own now over the next few years. And 
I guess that is the beauty of having this mix of businesses. It's 
not that the oil business will not be profitable as well, but the 
profit increase delta coming from conductors and cables will be 
much more sizable as we go forward. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure. So right now, let's say we've done INR 9,700 per KL in 
the first quarter. And for the full year, do you still want to say 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 38 
INR 5,500, which means that it will be much lower than INR 
5,500 in the balance 3 quarters? That wouldn't be the case? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Our target is to still do between INR 5,000 and INR 6,000 a KL 
for the year, weighted average for the whole year. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Weighted average for the whole year. Okay. So in that case, I'll 
just take INR 6,000 maybe.  
 
Kushal Desai: 
 
Take INR 5,500, which is the average. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
 
Which will be lower than last year's? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. There is every effort to sell more premium products, sell it 
into more premium markets. So there is a little bit of leeway 
that you have. It's not that you can't do anything. But 2 factors 
in that before it happens is, I think, a little non-conservative. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure. Then the second thing was, Chaitanya, I mean, 
congratulations on the conductors business. Now 2 questions 
here. One would be the full year volume number. Like, I think 
we had INR 130,000 is what we have spoken about for the full 
year. If you could just revisit that and the spread for the full 
year? 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. So basically, we are looking at a similar kind of volume, 
because our concentration has been more how to push for more 
value-added premium products. So our concentration has been 
more rather than tonnage, it has been more in terms of adjusting 
the product mix so that we can optimize our bottom line. 
 
Pawan Nahar:      
So should we stay with the INR 130,000 number for the full 
year? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It'll be a little more than that because things are looking up right 
now. Between 130,000 and 140,000 is our sort of expectation 
for this financial year. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure. And if I were to ask you, like you said that about INR 
2,000 is the interest cost per ton. And when you talk about INR 
17,500, for the parts, INR 17,000 to INR 17,500, this is, again, 
only marginally higher than last year's INR 17,000. And given 
that interest is now INR 2,000, which is below this INR 17,500.  
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
The INR 2,000 what we had mentioned is an incremental 
interest cost from Q4 of FY'22 to Q1 of FY'23. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 38 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure, I understand. So what I was saying was INR 17,000 was 
the EBITDA per ton last year full year. And we are talking 
about INR 17,500, given that interest itself has gone up by INR 
2,000 per ton, right? And given that overall, even after the 
interest numbers are so buoyant, wouldn't the EBITDA per ton 
be higher actually than INR 17,500 given the high interest cost? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Well, as of now, we have visibility for Q1 because now really, 
this number of interest will depend on whether how the interest 
percentage will pan out during the rest of the year as well as the 
price of the commodity prices. If you see aluminum in the last 
1 month has come down by about 20% to 30%. So the interest 
will actually depend on the value of the products. So this is an 
indicative range that we have, and INR 17,500 has been our 
average in the last 4 quarters. As I said, a larger period of time, 
1 month, it lasts, then we'll be much more confident in terms of 
the EBITDA that can be given as the guidance going forward. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
The sense is clearly that the profitability for the year in FY'23 
will be higher than FY'22. So adjusting for all the interest, 
you'll still be at that INR 17,000 kind of range. So the bottom 
line for this year will be equal to or better than the previous 
year. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure. So basically, the INR 17,500 is after the interest cost? Did 
I understood it correctly? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. But Pavan, what happens is that where we get into a little 
bit of trouble is that the premium range of products includes 
HTLS, it includes OPGW, it includes different types of 
products that go into railway electrification. It goes into seed 
copper, post conductors, a whole range of stuff. So when that 
mix changes, in this automatically kind of gets a little bit 
affected. So I think it would suffice by saying that this year, the 
bottom line for the conductor business will be higher than what 
it was for the last year. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Yes. Now this is much more clear to me. Basically, you are 
saying INR 17,500 is after factoring in the interest cost? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, no. We want to clarify that. So INR 17,500 will not be after 
factoring the full interest costs that we have. But of course, 
some part of the interest cost, we would be affecting that. But it 
may not be right to say that we will get INR 17,500 post 100% 
of the interest cost. We can share with you the working which 
you have suggested, that is EBDTA.  
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 38 
Kushal Desai: 
That slide actually can be added to the investor deck in the next 
week and put up there. So then the working becomes relatively 
clear in terms of what happens on giving an additional Slide, it 
gives an idea in terms of what happens post this. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure. And on the cable business, we should just continue to 
assume INR 2,400 crore of revenues for the full year and about 
8.5% margin? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So our expectation on the cable side is to grow by 30%. So last 
year was about INR 2,000 crore net sales. So this year, we are 
looking at 2,600 plus. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
 
And 8.5% margin is an okay number to go with? 
 
Ramesh Iyer:  
 
Yes, it should be in that range. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay. And sorry, but if you can guide a little bit on the interest 
cost. It's INR 60 crore this quarter. It was INR 108 crore or INR 
50 crore, INR 46 crore prior to that. What should we assume as 
a full year finance cost? Should we, like, assume 20% drop 
next quarter and then maybe, like, INR 200 crore, INR 210 
crore of interest cost for the full year? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So I'll tell you what happens in this interest cost. There are 
basically 2 components. One more price is toward interest rate, 
which is SOFR based on our LC that gets factored into overall 
interest costs. The second component is that since we have an 
import creditors, a lot of mark-to-market on our overseas 
creditors also get factored into the interest cost because that's 
the way the accounting regulation needs to show you that. And 
therefore, if you see our EBITDA numbers, we have 2 kinds of 
EBITDA. One is the EBITDA and one is the EBITDA post 
hedges and that we call post Forex. So there are multiple 
variables here. And I think once we put up this slide on 
EBDTA, which will be clear in terms of after adjusting for all 
sorts of interest cost, what is the net margin that we have made 
in Q1 of FY'23, as well as what was the trailing 4 quarters of 
FY'24. 
 
Because of multiple variables, it will be difficult to project that 
interest, because it's not only the interest rate, it also depends 
on the price of oils, aluminum as well as the exchange rate 
that's happening. So it's difficult to give a particular number as 
to how this interest lines in there. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 38 
Pawan Nahar: 
No, so, I got it. Ramesh. So basically, if I were to look at 
finance costs after removing the adjustments, which gets 
knocked off from the EBITDA per ton or unit calculation, how 
much would that be? So INR 60 crore would drop to how 
much, if I remove those adjustments? Because that is captured 
in the EBITDA line. We've reduced EBITDA per unit. 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So out of INR 60 crore, about INR 20 crore would be your 
ForEx adjustment, which we kind of report EBITDA post 
ForEx. Out of the INR 40 crore would be your pure interest 
cost on LCs, which is supplier's credit. So when we put up this 
annexure, we'll give a breakup of the INR 60 crore across the 3 
categories. It should clearly show you how much is the 
EBITDA and then the interest cost and also the total finance 
cost so that you can measure on the EBDTA number, because 
all our interest costs are actually factored into the pricing. So 
that will move up or down, depending on the interest rate 
movements. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Got it. And for today, as we stand, INR 40 crore is the number 
for Q1 and commodities that we deal with are down about 20%. 
So we can assume maybe like, let's say, around INR 30 crore, if 
we were to just simplify it for a moment going ahead? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, I think we'll have to do the math of it. But once this slide 
is put up, and possibly then we can be in touch to see how that 
number goes. 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
 
Looking forward to that 20%-plus ROE number. 
 
Ramesh Iyer:  
           Yes. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest 
Research. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
So basically, my first question is what are your views on the 
sustainability of this transformer oil segment in long term? And 
what would be the impact of basically the renewable energy on 
this particular segment going forward? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So in the case of transformer oil, as the renewable energy 
increases, the number of transformers and the transformation 
capacity will increase. It's a linear function. So it will continue 
to grow. And in fact, earlier in the call, I mentioned that over 
the next few years, transformer oil seems like one of the 
product lines that we would expect to grow, not only in India, 
but also overseas. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 38 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
So what kind of cadence do you expect going forward for this 
particular segment in revenue and profitability terms? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
It just depends on the rollout. So all Governments around the 
world have shown up very aggressive numbers. And when you 
have such an aggressive number, it's anybody's guess what the 
final delivery will be like. But there will be a steady growth on 
the transformer oil side. That's all I can say, and it will continue 
for a few years as the infrastructure gets built out. There's no 
real substitute for mineral-based transformers, especially in the 
transmission networks. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And from our conductor side, basically, 
I was going through your previous con call transcript summary. 
And there was mentioned that you will be having a volume of 
around 130,000 by financial year '23 and the EBITDA per ton 
were getting somewhere between INR 14,000 to INR 15,000. 
Now is there any revision in this kind of guidance for financial 
year '23 for the conductor business? 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
As was discussed earlier just now by another question, we said 
that we are hopeful to improve the quantities. So it should be 
between INR 130,000 to INR 140,000 this year. And with 
regard to the EBITDA, as was also clarified, since these interest 
rates are going up, we are adjusting the EBITDA per ton, so 
that at least the profit after interest is remaining intact. I hope 
that clarifies. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. Understood. And basically, I can assume going forward 
also and despite of the fact that the commodity prices increases 
or decreases, we are on the growth trend for all the 3 segments, 
right? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. In fact, we have been talking for several years about the 
U.S. infrastructure market opening up. And finally, it has 
opened up. So if you look at the mix of exports that are there 
and the growth in the exports, which has come for the cable 
business and for the conductor business, the U.S. is the single 
largest end market now. If you take the aggregate of these 2, it 
is by far the largest market where products are starting to go. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. One more question from me on production which you 
are talking about. Actually, in the last con call, I think you were 
mentioning that in this particular quarter from conductor 
business side, there shall be growth more from the conventional 
conductors, right? Am I right? 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 38 
 
Kushal Desai: 
To clarify. Actually, last few years, due to COVID, there was a 
big dip in the volume. So what we had mentioned is that we are 
expecting the business on the conventional conductor to come 
back on pre-COVID track. So because of that ratio of the 
business, which had happened last 2 years, may get slightly 
modified. So there will be a growth in all these new products. 
But at the same time, whatever dip that had happened on the 
conventional side will get sort of changed and come back on 
track. I hope that explains. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pravin Agarwal, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. Most of my 
questions have already been answered. I have just a couple of 
questions. One, you mentioned that for your cable division, 
we're looking at 30% growth this year. So if you were to go 
over the next 2, 3 years, I mean, will you maintain these growth 
levels? And in some of the previous calls, our aspiration was to 
get to double-digit EBITDA number, which we used to do 
earlier from '17/'18. And will we get to double-digit EBITDA 
number on that? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Okay. So let me answer both of them. One is that in terms of 
growth going forward, in this year, you will see at least a 30% 
growth, because also, the base was affected from some of the 
COVID-related issues, freight issues, et cetera, et cetera. But 
our plan is to continue to grow and I think we have multiple 
growth drivers in the cable business, which is the export, if you 
keep a track of all the railway expansions, which will happen in 
terms of locomotives and coaches, there's an upgradation that's 
happening in terms of speeds that will take place. So there's a 
whole lot of things which are going on. 
 
So I think the growth will be there. And as these plans are 
announced, we will continue to keep on ensuring that the 
products and all those things are available. There's also a step 
function that has happened this year in terms of business that's 
in the U.S. market. So the U.S. market is to pass-through. The 
larger portion of it is the infrastructure side. The smaller 
portion of it for us is the homebuilding side. So the 
homebuilding side will probably taper off a little bit. The 
infrastructure side will grow. 
 
So without hazarding a number of whether we'll grow 30% a 
year, et cetera, we see that for the cable business, we will have 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 38 
a steady growth taking place over the next few years. And as 
the electric vehicle rollouts happen across the world, there will 
be more and more of this cable required. Because if you take 
any building in Mumbai, for example, and if every alternate car 
park requires an electric charging system, then the entire 
locality will have to be rewired. It's not just the building. So it's 
a little difficult to say what speed it will happen in, but the 
direction is very clear. 
 
On the second front, where you are talking about the EBITDA 
percentages, so yes, our aspiration is to get into double-digit. 
And the more we get into some of these elastomelectric, like 
wind and defense and all these things, those carry 
fundamentally higher margins. So this year, we are targeting 
this 8%, 8.5%, but the aspiration is to get into double-digit. 
 
Pravin Agarwal: 
That's great. So would it be fair to say that of the 3 segments, 
the cables is the one which is more faster or likely to grow the 
fastest? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Absolutely. Because the addressable market is multiple times 
the size of the conductor market and even if you take the entire 
specialty oil segment. Domestic market is over INR 60,000 
crore. With the largest company, Polycab, being below INR 
10,000 crore if you look at just pure wires and cables on a net 
sales basis. 
 
Pravin Agarwal: 
That's good to hear. And in terms of our capacity, current 
capacity, what would be the roughly capacity utilization at a 
very broad level for this segment? So what I'm trying to look at 
is what is the incremental Capex would require to grow, let's 
say, 25%, 30% per annum for the next 3, 4 years? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So most of the growth, which we are expecting in FY'23 and 
FY'24, we have 65%, 70% of it has already been committed. 
Equipment orders that are coming in, et cetera, et cetera, it's 
wrapped within the number that Mr. Ramesh has given, about 
INR 100 crore coming on the cable side. And the formats 
which go into the U.S. market also are a little bit different. So 
some equipments have been ordered for that, because that 
business also, we continue to see growing as the infrastructure 
needs get added up. And if the freight rates come down, then it 
makes India that much more competitive also. And which they 
will come down, because you've already seen that consumer 
products are slowing down in the U.S. They carry a huge 
amount of huge amount of the container inventory which is 
there. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 38 
 
And one thing is container inventory, but it's also the ability to 
take the containers from the port and deliver it because it's a 
large country. So when that comes down, then automatically, it 
opens up for other products, and hopefully, the pricing also 
should improve. 
 
Pravin Agarwal: 
That is great to hear. So one other correlated question to this is, 
in one of the earlier calls when you were mentioning on the 
conductor side, I remember, when you're dealing with 
Australia, there was a double taxation issue, which Chinese 
companies used to enjoy, and we had a 5% disadvantage 
compared to them. How does that compare in this for the U.S. 
market? Are we at par with our other countries counterparts 
from a double taxation perspective? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Europe does not have any special tax advantage to the Chinese 
cable suppliers. 
 
Pravin Agarwal: 
 
So we are at par with anybody else? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So they laid a level playing field on that front. In Australia, the 
Chinese products are still at a lower tax level than Indian 
products. But there's a conscious move to reduce the amount of 
product which is being purchased from China to increase the 
spread of the supplier base. And in the U.S., at the moment, it's 
completely inverted because the Chinese duties are more than 
20%. The Indian duty is 5%. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
I would like to add my questions, and most of them would be 
forward-looking. So if we look at the margins, margins have 
been quite stable at around 6% to 7% since the last 10 years or 
so, I would say. But I see that we achieved margins of around 
9% in, I think, FY 2017. So is it appropriate to say that we have 
passed any efficiency improvements or any improvements in 
terms of improving the margins? So is this the peak margin that 
we can achieve? Or the company is consciously taking steps to 
improve the margins over anything of that sort? And what kind 
of margins can we expect, like, going forward for this year or 
maybe down the line 2, 3 years? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I wouldn't say that these are peak margins. But given the 
large product profile and a little complexity of different product 
lines that we have, our endeavor has been to improve 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 38 
premiumization, and that is now evident across all the 3 
businesses. And this premiumization is both in terms of 
products and in terms of geographies. So I think what we've 
achieved here is the EBITDA margin is 7.6% for the quarter. 
And the endeavor will be to grow that. It all depends finally 
which products, which markets, et cetera. I think the number 
that we are really focused on is the return on equity, which we 
think we have a better handle on in terms of being able to 
deliver. And that number, we are still focused on delivering 
20% ROE. We are, right now, in the 17-odd percent range. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. So for this financial year, can we expect, like, to 
maintain the margins of around 7.6% or around 8%? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I think we'll be able to maintain these margins. There will be 
a reduction in whatever is seen on the specialty oil and 
lubricant side. But there will be some improvement that comes 
from the cable side because of the increase in terms of the 
volume that'll come. I think overall, we will still see something 
in this range on a higher volume number. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Perfect. So in terms of the growth drivers for the company, like 
you mentioned that you're working 2 shifts right now. So would 
there be any capacity expansion? Or do we require that? And 
assuming across all our segments, if we run on full capacity, 
that is say 3 shifts, what kind of revenue can we reach in that 
sense? And also, if you have any plans for capacity expansion 
or any capacity expansion, can you please point those out as 
well and how they will impact our revenues? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I had spoken about the 2 shift running at the Hamriyah 
facility in the UAE, and that theoretically, can be scaled up. So 
as a consequence, just volume is not constrained. If we actually 
have the product and the business coming in from customers. 
The oil division is not going to have any very significant 
Capex, because we do have capacity in place. So it's just 
debottlenecking the investment going on in this industry, in 
terms of improving digitalization and all those sort of things. 
But they are not very heavy-ticket Capex items. It's really the 
cable business that as we start, as we continue to grow, most of 
these projects, which are going will take care of what we want 
to achieve in FY'23 and to some extent, FY'24. If the market 
continues to remain strong in that business, we will continue to 
invest in it. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from 
Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 38 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, I wanted to note that you did mention that we got solar 
cables order from Europe, and there was a good traction from 
that side. Despite that, our margins in cables business have 
been on the lower side whereas other players are doing 
somewhat close to double-digit margins. So what would be the 
reason for this? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So players that have a higher margin profile are largely selling 
product in the branded wire segment. In fact, if you look like-
to-like for the kind of margins that they carry on, the B2B 
products that they have, I think we are ahead of them with the 
mix of products that we have. So I think that comparison is not 
a fair comparison. It's not an apples-to-apples. I would look at 
the business mix that we have and then measuring ourselves 
year-on-year in terms of top line, bottom line on that. 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. And sir, I wanted to know regarding the capital 
allocation. You did mention, at the start about the battery 
business, which we are doing and the dealer network of which 
we will be having in terms of mechanics. And going forward, 
how do we plan to scale our distribution network in terms of 
cables and Anushakti? Could you give a sense of that? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So most of it is actually an Opex cost by increasing the feet on 
the ground to recruit more mechanics. And then parallelly, as 
we reach critical mass, we will launch an electrician loyalty 
program on similar lines. It's not very capital intensive. It's 
more Opex related. And the beauty of this is that you do need 
to invest ahead of the curve, but you can phase out your 
investments, keeping in mind the amount of business which is 
coming through. So we've been maintaining that sort of pace. 
So as moment the productivity of the sales force goes up, then 
we're bringing in and moving to the next step. 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the hedging strategy. Could you 
elaborate more on how are we hedging? Is it through some 
embedded derivatives? Or how is that? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It's a plain vanilla hedging for the products that qualifies for 
hedging, basically aluminum and copper. We do their hedging 
base for once we get an order from the customer. So 
immediately, we’ll do a back-to-back hedging at the LME, and 
that's how it happens. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Just to add to what Ramesh has said. The conductor business, 
because it's a make-to-order and each order is of a certain size, 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 38 
you pretty much hedge everything back to back. Other than in 
the case of steel, where there is no hedging mechanism. 
Fortunately, steel has also started coming off. 
 
In the cable business, the larger orders which are there, there 
also we actually hedge back to back. So for example, Siemens 
Gamesa places an order on us or Nordics or any of these 
windmill guys, we will only go back to back on them. Where 
you have a little bit of open is when you're servicing their 
dealer, distributor market where it's not possible to predict how 
much quantity will be involved. So to a very large extent, the 
requirement is hedged. It is a small portion, which remains 
open because of the lack of being able to assign a customer to 
the metal. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from 
Congruence Advisers. Please go ahead. 
 
Pujan Shah: 
I just wanted to ask because partly, Apar has been pioneer and 
been leader in conductor, and all this conductor in cable, 
actually, cable. I just wanted to ask one thing. Like, in the 
previous, like, I take 3 years back, the con call, you have said, 
we always been into this developing new programs and new 
products, which has been a fire line, the target, which is 
currently now we are seeing that OPGW is the product which 
has been currently into this chain. So what are the current 
visions which can be lined up in next 5 years where there is a 
little bit ahead of the curve for the competition? That's my 
question. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I'll take that question. So we've constantly been working on 
innovation. So a lot of the conductor lines which you are 
talking about, we started working on it 7, 8, 10 years ago. Now 
OPGW is picking up because data is the new oil. The railways, 
we have developed a whole lot. We've also developed a range 
of copper magnesium. Now the entire basic electrification is of 
pure copper. But moment you start going to high speed, you 
need copper magnesium. Apar is the only company that has a 
full product line ready. 
 
So we are constantly in touch with customers and the planners 
that are there of these large customers to understand in which 
direction they're moving. But because there is regulation 
involved and all these things, it's difficult for you to determine 
when it will come. Like, we were already with copper 
magnesium conductors 3 years ago. But now we see that as 
they start signing up higher speed lines, we will need that. 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 38 
 
So we continue to keep on investing in terms of this. Generally, 
you will find that HTLS type of conductors, OPGW, even the 
CTC, whatever products we have classified as premium, those 
products today are at the relatively cutting edge of what can be 
used by a customer and will remain for the next few years. And 
then as and when they keep coming up with more requirements, 
we will keep adding to it. So it's like a moving target. It's not 
something where you have an end destination here. As time 
passes by as requirements keep improving and changing. So for 
example, with the Indian Navy, they themselves don't know the 
specification of what they want 3 years ahead. 
 
At any point in time, if you go to the Apar Khatalwada plant, 
you will find senior guys from the Navy there, who are talking 
to our chaps to see how it can be redesigned and different 
prototypes are being made, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a moving 
target. But the key here is that if you are the first part of call for 
customers when they have new requirements, then that is the 
right positioning for the company to be in. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
My first question is on the conductors business. As we have 
been saying, there is good contribution increase from the 
premium products, which is happening. Just wanted to 
understand what is contributing to this, I mean, largely between 
domestic and global market, what sort of contribution is there 
for the premium products? 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So overall, proportion of exports in Q1 was about 42%. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
 
As a percentage to premium products? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Honestly, we don't want to get down to giving granular 
breakups of this. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
No, no. I just want to understand what actually is driving the 
premium products. So if you could just highlight? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So what is driving the premium products on the conductor side 
is as follows, the HTLS, which is a high efficiency and the 
conductors with the low sag, what is driving that demand is 
increased transmission corridors. Mainly, the transmission 
corridors need to increase. Power is accelerated on. Yes. So it's 
being driven by the increased electricity requirement in urban 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 38 
areas or in concentrations. That's what is driving the HTLS 
business. What is driving the OPGW is, has the railway lines 
and all the other lines, which are coming up today instead of 
just having a plain vanilla steel core, there is a OPGW, which is 
an optical ground wire call, which is on running, so that it can 
transmit data. 
 
And today, the 2 companies that translate the largest amount of 
data in India are the Indian Railways and Power Grade 
Corporation of India. So all their lines, they are starting to 
specify now with more and more of the core coming in. Then 
you've got the CTC or the copper transports conductor. So that 
improves the quality and consistency of the core of our 
transformer. So slowly, customers have started specifying that 
because they want a better quality, the core of the transformer 
determines finally the life of the transformer. If something goes 
wrong with the core, you have to take the transformer offline 
and then spend a huge amount of money to refurbish it. And in 
the meantime, you need to have a spare one so that the circuit 
continues to run. 
 
So there are different drivers to these product lines. But what I 
can say is that each one of these is in an area where the 
utilization or the usage of these conductors is growing. And 
that's the reason why we've classified that into the premium 
product. The conventional conductors have been around from 
the time before I was born, which is in late '50s.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question from the line of Sachin Kasera 
from Svan Investment. Please go ahead. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Congrats for a very good set of numbers. I just had 2 questions, 
and they are a little bit more from a medium to long-term 
perspective. So you did mention that one of the key things that 
you are looking to achieve by doing all the premiumization is 
to try and target a 20% ROE. You're already at some 17%-plus 
right now. So if you could tell us that, I think the way we are 
going, I think we should do that in the next few quarters, but 
something like from a more medium perspective, a 3 to 5-year 
perspective, do you think that we are investing into enough new 
products, new premiumizations, new brands, new type of 
businesses, where there could be life, where we could look at 
even maybe a 25% ROE, say 5 years down the line? Or you 
think the type of business we are, we will meet over 20%? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
I think aspirationally, obviously, we want to go beyond 20%. 
But realistically, hitting that 20% number also has been a 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 32 of 38 
moving target. Because I think, even in reinvesting in the 
business, we don't dividend out all the profit, some of the 
profits, 65% to 70% of the profits remain within the company. 
So to keep achieving a 20% ROE also is a moving number. So I 
think we will probably want to comment on that once we hit 
this at anywhere between the 17% and 20%, the company will 
have a very healthy cash flow. And that's something that we 
haven't been able to achieve after we bought the cable business 
and have been continuously investing to grow it. 
 
So just to put things in perspective, in 2008, '09, the cable 
business was INR 100 crore business. Last year, we did the net 
sales of around INR 2,000 crore. And this year, we plan to look 
at INR 2,600 crore plus. So there's a huge amount of 
investment which has gone in. The opportunities continue to 
remain looking good. So what would you invest then? Your 
ROE actually does take a little bit of a knocking. But the 
market according to us, the market on the cable side continues 
to look interesting. And we have fairly good internal systems 
for asset allocation. And then based on that, you just seeing the 
turnover of the company going up and the ROE going up. So I 
think first milestone is to get to 20%. And beyond that, as we 
come closer to 20%, we'll start brainstorming on taking it 
further. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And the second question was on the cable segment. You 
mentioned that the market is very, very large, INR 60,000 
crore. And right now you mentioned that, that will be on the 
cable business. So what would be your aspirations in this 
overall INR 60,000 crore in the next 5, 6 years? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I'd just like to correct that, INR 60,000 crore is the domestic 
market. And then when you start looking at markets like North 
America and all there are many-fold larger and a couple of 
times the size of the Indian market just simply because of the 
size of the country, which requires to be wired up. So we don't 
have a market share target as much as continuously wanting to 
grow. I think in the cable business, you want to play what 
Simon Sinek says is the infinite game. So because there is a 
long runway, you keep on working on new products, new 
markets, keep investing in it and it'll continue to grow. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
And you did mention that probably this is going to be the 
fastest driver in terms of the growth and probably, also one of 
the biggest contribution to your both top line and bottom line. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 33 of 38 
Kushal Desai: 
So ultimately, I believe that in the next 3, 4, 5 years, the cable 
business will become the largest business. And it's true only 
because of the size of the addressable market, more domestic 
and overseas. So we will want to continuously keep on making 
investments where it makes sense. As I mentioned, we have a 
good system internally of asset allocation. So the asset 
allocation doesn't deliver a certain level of return, then we 
would then hold back that sort of investment. But I think in the 
next few years, the opportunity seems to be there. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And just one last thing regarding, you mentioned that you 
always aspire to become better and we also focus a lot on 
premiumization and new products. Normally seen that, for that 
becoming need to invest a lot in terms of R&D. So now that 
once we achieve, say 20% ROE, maybe for the next leg of 
journey where you want, your users, you're hungry for more. 
Do you think that as a company, we will need to substantially 
scale up in R&D, invest a lot in technology? And if, yes, what 
are the type of steps you are doing to do something like that? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So we have R&D facilities in each of the 3 businesses. And we 
have people who are constantly working on this. We don't 
capitalize, we just expense our own because in some of these 
cases, you don't know when the products will actually hit the 
market. So I'll just give you an example. We've developed this 
medium voltage covered conductors. We've been desperately 
trying to sell those in the Himalayan region within India. And 
now some business has started coming up. But we pitched this 
to the Nepal Electricity Authority and the Asian Development 
Bank. And they said that this is the number one problem that's 
there because as the snow settles on conductors, the conductor 
snaps. 
 
So Nepal is now converting 5% of its conductors every year 
into MVCC. So we've got 3 years in a row, we are supplying 
that. Of course, it's a competitive global bid. The Chinese 
companies, everybody bids on it. The bottom line is what that 
as you keep developing products, you keep showing it to 
customers. You don't know where finally and which customer 
will actually end up observing it. 
 
Now today, if you see Uttarakhand is in the worst shape in 
terms of power deliveries in the mountains. And the solution is 
to use the same MVCC. So now I believe that they are in touch 
with us trying to figure out how much money is required, what 
allocation. So it's like a moving target to do all these 
specialized products. We expense the development cost and 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 34 of 38 
then we also expense the cost of actually the sales. So people 
traveling, making presentations, pushing all that. So it's all 
written off in the year in which it has been incurred. Our 
competition doesn't know how much money we put into these 
products basically. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. But will you be able to quantify how much we spend in 
R&D every year in terms of OpEx? Any number that you can 
share with us? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
We don't want to share that number. It's been increasing year-
on-year. And as you can see from the finished product, because 
by saying that we spent XYZ number, it doesn't mean anything. 
Our company motto is tomorrow solutions today. Unless the 
customer buys a solution, all this is an expense. So whatever it 
takes for us to find the right solution for the customer, we incur 
it and we expense it. That is our philosophy. 
 
Sachin Kasera: 
Fine. Is it increasing much higher than overall company? You 
say you're spending X percentage of revenue in R&D. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, yes. Absolutely. Because as I mentioned, the R&D 
actually has 2 portions. There is 1 portion, which is actually 
sometimes the lower portion is to develop the product. The 
bigger portion is what takes significantly more time is to spec 
the product, because all these electrical companies are 
regulated. So finally, no matter who does it, if Mr. Adani wants 
to puts something in, he will have to get approval from the 
Central Electricity Authority to use that format. So it's difficult 
to put timelines to it, et cetera. So that's why we end up just 
expensing it, and it's an infinite game. We just keep on working 
on it. 
 
I'll give you another example so that it puts it in perspective. So 
the Navy has something called pressure tied cables, which they 
use. So they started off with a PT10. And today, in 6 years, we 
are now graduating them to PT72. So that they can withstand 
72x the pressure of water, so as submarines get larger and as 
requirements go up. So this is something which we work. And 
the moment the Navy says, I want to now graduate from 10 to 
15, 15 to 20. We just get to work and start working with them 
to figure out how that can be delivered. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 35 of 38 
Gunit Singh: 
I would just like to know what is standing today? What is the 
peak capacity revenue that we can expect, like, if we are 
operating at a peak capacity with our current capacity? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So in our oil business, we can increase the lubricant side, we 
are running basically the entire lubricant complex on 2 shifts. 
We can run a third shift to the same equipment in place. As far 
as white oils and all the bulk oils are concerned, we can easily 
match that sort of a number or more by making debottlenecking 
investments. On the conductor side, as Chaitanya mentioned 
here, and of course, it depends very largely on the mix of 
product. But we have headroom to go from 130 to 145, maybe 
150 depending on the product mix that is available. And again, 
over here, our whole focus has been more, we would rather 
drop some conventional conductor business and concentrate on 
the premium product. 
 
So in that sense, you can still increase your top line and your 
contribution margins, et cetera without really increasing 
capacity too much. So if you say, basically, you've got a room 
of around 10%, 15%, 20% in physical volume, but in terms of 
mix of product, et cetera, it could have a larger impact on the 
top line. And in our cable business, basically, the power cable 
and the elastomeric cable and the high tension cables are 
running at around 40%, 50% capacity. The LV cables, which 
are going into a lot of U.S. infrastructure, solar, et cetera, et 
cetera, that's running right now at 100%. And we have some 
expansions that are going in place. 
 
The elastomeric mix of cables, when you put the E-beam in 
there, basically, that will increase by 33% compared to now 
because that's the capacity increase that one more machine will 
bring it for the cable side. The optical fiber, we have at least 
50% capacity available with us, and that is just driven by 
market demand. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Right. Sir, can you give at least any conservative guidance for 
the year FY'23? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
There are a lot of moving parts there. But in short, we are 
looking at a 25% kind of increase over what we had in the 
previous year. That's something that we think is possibly 
achievable. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. My last question is can you just throw some light on 
the INR 3,000 crore plus other liability items in the balance 
sheet. So can you throw some light on that? 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 36 of 38 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
This is largely part of trade payables, which line item you are 
talking of? Which particular line item? 
 
Gunit Singh: 
 don't have it open in front of me right now, but it's supposed to 
be Page 22. 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Trade payables, it's part trade payables. So if it's a such a big 
number, it has to be part of trade payables. Maybe you can let 
me know separately from which source you are taking, and 
then we can connect on that. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ritika Gupta, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ritika Gupta : 
I just had 1 question. Is there any update on the MOU that we 
signed with the Saudi Aramco base oil company? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So there is a certain laid-down process, which exists in Saudi 
Arabia. So it's at a very early stage. But the reason why Saudi 
Aramco and its loop subsidiary are talking to us is that we have 
the largest market share of transformer oil in Saudi Arabia, and 
it's part of their localization program. So it's a fairly long run 
out, very formal process. So you sign an MOU, then only will 
they entertain you to sit and meet and show you land parcels 
and stuff like that. So it's a process that'll take at least over a 
year before it can be closed. 
 
Ritika Gupta: 
But do we have any, like, revenue targets that we expect in case 
this rectified? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So today, we do business in Saudi. During this last 4, 5 years, 
Saudi Arabian business actually was very badly affected. So 
from its peak, it was down almost 60% because of 
infrastructure not going in. With the current price of crude and 
with the current ruler there, who is pushing these programs, 
they have some very ambitious programs in terms of setting up 
manufacturing in Saudi Arabia, which is hydrocarbon or 
electricity-based. And so depending on how that goes, you will 
see. The beauty of our transformer oil and facility is that it's not 
very capital intensive. So our strategy would be to secure and 
once the MOU is done, then they'll go to the next step of 
allocating land and providing you on-tap utilities, et cetera. It 
will be right in the vicinity of the refinery. 
 
A very advantageous situation to have if the business actually 
starts going up. Also, Saudi Arabia has come up with a marking 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 37 of 38 
system that the local content ends up giving you a weightage in 
terms of the competitiveness of your price. So if you're 100% 
import, then you will have a penalty of almost 15%. So it's like 
a very structured system to enable companies to come and start 
manufacturing in Saudi Arabia. So I think it's a strategically 
interesting step. It will take some time, and it's not going to 
skew the transformer oil numbers in a very big way. But then 
when you get aligned to the largest oil company in the world, 
then I think there are benefits that come out of it. 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Harsh Deokar 
from HT Investments LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh Deokar: 
First of all, congratulations to the management for a good set of 
numbers. Sir, this is regarding exports. We see, if you can give 
in the past, from an aspiration standpoint, are we focusing our 
exports more than to the 25% percent to the management in 1? 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So I think to sort of answer that question, our focus is actually 
not just in terms of what percentage of our revenue should 
come from exports. We wanted to be something in the range of 
between 40% and 50%. Given the fact that many, many 
markets have opened up with this China Plus One, et cetera. So 
if you wind back in time 5 years ago, there was no cable is 
really worth talking about going to the U.S. market or going to 
the Australian market. And the European market was 
completely shut to Indian players. Now they are coming in here 
and a whole lot of approvals and discussions are happening, 
inspections in the last 3, 4 months, you had people visiting who 
have not been able to visit in the last few years, flying in from 
overseas, having meetings in the factory, et cetera. 
 
So I think if you look at that, the quality of the companies or 
the countries we want to focus on, those are now open for 
doing business. And in fact, I mentioned earlier, I think in the 
last or the last, last earnings call saying, all these countries are 
now open to doing business with India, which was not actually 
something that was that easily available. And if you see the 
destinations that our product is going, it's largely going to the 
United States, Europe and Australia, which are fairly advanced 
and sophisticated markets. 
 
We don't have a percentage, but I think we will strike the right 
balance between domestic and export. On power cables, we get 
better realizations from the U.S. market than from the domestic 
market, especially on the light, on the LV cables; light voltage 
cables. So we are really looking at where you get the best 

 
Apar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 38 of 38 
netback, where customers are laying an emphasis on quality. 
And accordingly, we are targeting the different markets. I'll tell 
you one thing that you will see over the next few years, that the 
export percentage of the overall pie will remain strong and it'll 
be in this range or maybe slightly higher.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand it over back to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Thank you very much for taking time out from your busy 
schedules and joining us in the quarterly update call today. We 
wish everyone the very best of health and look forward to 
continued participation and interaction in future quarterly 
update sessions. Thank you very much. 
 
Kushal Desai: 
 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Apar Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
