mallico 
 
d 
Mm » 
Dated: 04.08.2022 
The Manager 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Sth Floor 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Scrip Name: MALLCOM 
/ 
BSE Scrip Code 
: 539400 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
Pursuant: 
to Regulation 46 
of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the audio call recording of the Company's Investor / Analyst 
Call held on 1* August 2022, on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended 30" June 2022 is attached herewith. It is hereby confirmed that 
no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / discussed in the call. 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the attached link: 
https://www.mallcom.in/shareholder-information#Earnings 
Call_2022-2023 
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking you, 
For Mallcom (India) Limited 
  
Chief 
Financial Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Mallcom (India) Ltd. 
EN-12, Sector-V, Salt Lake, Kolkata 700 091, India 
T: +91 33 4016 1000 
| F: +9133 4016 1010 
E: sales@maltcom.in 
| W: www.mallcom.in

 
 
 
 
 
 
MALLCOM (INDIA) LIMITED 
Q1 - FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Monday, August 1st, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT PARTICIPANTS 
 
 
 
Mr. Shyam Sundar Agrawal 
: Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Rohit Mall 
: General Manager 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Mallcom (India) Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “* then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Chaiti Gujarati from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
Ma’am. 
Chaiti Gujarati: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Chaiti Gujarati 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Mallcom (India) Limited. I hope you 
all are doing very well and on behalf of the company, I would like to thank all the participating 
people in the company’s earning conference call for the first quarter of the financial year 
2023.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today’s concall maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking 
statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management belief as well as 
assumptions made by and the information currently available to the management. Audiences 
are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward looking statements in making 
any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earning conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. I now would like to introduce you to the management participating in today’s earning 
conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Rohit 
Mall – General Manager and Mr. Shyam Sundar Agarwal – Chief Financial Officer. Without 
any further delay I would request Mr. Rohit Mall to please give his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Rohit Mall: 
Thank you Chaiti. Good afternoon everybody it is a pleasure to welcome you to our earnings 
conference call for the first quarter of financial year 2023. Firstly, I hope that everyone is 
keeping safe and well. In the interest of some of the people who are new to the company let 
me first start by giving a brief overview of the company. Mallcom (India) Limited is a four 
decade old company and one of the largest manufacturers and distributor of personal 
protective equipment in India. It provides a one stop solution for manufacturing one of the 
widest range of head to toe PPE. The company is also one of the largest exporter of PPE from 
India exporting to 55 different countries across 6 continents. We have an expansive 
manufacturing footprint with 13 production facilities spread across India and over the years 
we have focused on backward integration wherever possible resulting into significant cost 
savings and gradual margin expansion. Our integrated manufacturing facilities are used to 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
module assemble customize and package the different head, hand, body and feet protection. 
Each of our facilities have in house labs that perform product safety testing and ensure 
compliance with international quality standards right through the production cycle. Now I will 
request Mr. Shyam Agarwal our CFO to bring you on the financial performance of the 
company after which I will brief you on the operation highlights.  
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Thank you Rohit and good afternoon everyone. Let me first brief you on the first quarter 
financial performance of financial year 23. On a comparative basis in Quarter 1 FY23 the 
operating income for the quarter was about Rs. 87 crore which was an increase of around 
42% on year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA reported was around Rs. 12 crore which was an 
increase of about 45% on a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA margin stood at 13.62%. 
Net profit after tax reported was about INR 7 crore which was increased by about 30% on 
year-on-year basis while PAT margins were reported at 7.89%. Now I would request Rohit 
Mall to explain the operational highlights. 
Rohit Mall: 
Thank you on the operational front for the quarter under review even though Quarter 1 is 
historically the slowest quarter for the company and the sector the company has posted very 
good growth on year-on-year basis. This was primarily due to the slowdown of the effect of 
COVID-19 pandemic on local and global economic activity. The income growth was on 
account of both price and volume growth its strong domestic growth on account of economy 
revival post pandemic. Our margins have also improved slightly due to better operational 
efficiency and deduction in operation cost which nullified increase cost of raw material. 
Additionally, there was some normalcy in shipping cost which helped importers and exports 
to pass on the cost to the consumers and therefore ease pressure on margins. Lastly the 
company’s credit rating has been upgraded from A minus to A stable as assigned by ICRA 
during this quarter. To conclude, trade deals signed with UAE and Australia are also helping 
get more interest from these markets and upcoming deals with UK should also improve 
revenue potential from such countries. Thank you. With this, we can now open the floor to 
questions and answer sessions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
So couple of questions one Europe being almost about 40%, 45% of our revenues given 
the current situation and typically some of the other companies also talking about 
slowdown on the international markets, so how do we see the demand in the current 
scenario and going ahead are there any kind of hiccups or some kind of delays or some 
kind of rising pressures on the international front more so specifically to Europe. Second 
question sir we have just increased as per the results we are increasing our stake from 
about 50% to around 75% in MSPL, so just to understand the reason behind it, the 
rationale behind it and does this mean there is some increase because you are putting in 
money probably this mean some increase in capacity because of increased business 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
opportunities which are visible to us that is second and the third and the last one with 
regards to CAPEX which has been done in Ahmadabad as per the results we have done 
about 5.8 crore sales from MSPL, so going ahead how is the Ahmadabad capacity ramping 
up in the current quarter what has been the contribution and what contribution do we 
expect in FY23 and FY24 from that? 
Rohit Mall: 
So, with respect to Europe slowdown there are definitely talks about it, but as such there has 
not been any firm ask from the customers that we need to slowdown the productions or 
orders yes some countries are definitely suffering more than the others and there it is kind of 
getting difficult one of the examples is Turkey where the currency has devaluated extremely 
and then high inflation there more than a lot of other countries yes their importers are facing 
issues, but by and large it is not immediate that we are seeing the pressure right now. With 
respect to price pressures definitely there has been some sanity in the business in terms of 
shipping a logistic cost though they are not going back to the previous levels of maybe one or 
two years ago, but at least this is the new normal which people have understood so that is 
definitely there and raw material prices have also started to stabilize a little bit earlier cotton 
prices were going through the roof and there was no stopping it same with a lot of leather 
products, but again there is some sensibility coming to the market again and we are hoping 
for better margins hopefully.  
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Talking of this further (Inaudible) 10:16 plan into MSPL yes because as we already informed 
you all that MSPL production started second half last year and now the things are now getting 
normalize and as we have already mentioned in our this things that this CAPEX we need 
further investment we need where the equity was strong 50%, 75% will be used for further 
investment into machinery as well as working capital also, so these things in line with the 
projects with which we could do into MSPL where now the volumes are picking up and yes 
we need to do some CAPEX also. So, additional machineries would be installed and we are 
not going to borrow anything there so it would be for internal investment and accruals also 
and talking of projected turnover yes it would be for this year we are targeting minimum 24 
to 30 crore turnover from this unit and EBITDA margin remains around 15% and for next year 
it can be in the range of 30 to 40 this year FY24 so this is what we are targeting.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sir this is over and above the 25 crores which we had planned for Ahmadabad capacity so 
additional what kind of investments do we plan in this facility? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
So, basically what is happening the total investments which we have done in Ahmadabad for 
capacities around 18 CR only and the project cost was 25 CR. So, yes we need to put invest 
further for machinery so it would be part of the investment goals into setting up of additional 
lines machinery there would be some new machinery being installed there and also for 
working capital requirement also we need to make.  

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
My first question is if you can give update on the Ghatakpukur relocation and expansion I 
think it was to kind of commenting in the first week of July, so has it been completed and if 
not what is the status. Secondly if you can give capacity utilization number that we are 
planning for Ahmadabad facility this year you already gave the revenue numbers, but does it 
mean that we will operating at 45%, 50% capacity utilization if you give some sense into that 
and thirdly the question is slightly broader one to Rohit that we have all the entire product 
basket we have a very large set of customers with years of relationship, we are well 
entrenched in domestic market, so what does it take or what will it take for us to move from 
14%, 15% growth trajectory to let us say more than 20% growth trajectory, is it the capacity, 
is it demand, what are the factors that is putting a constraint on us where we are targeting to 
grow at 15% and 20% plus these are the three questions? 
Rohit Mall: 
I can briefly answer all three and if I have miss something Agarwal ji can cover up. So, for 
Ahmadabad yes by hopefully the end of the year is when we are targeting to have achieved 
40%, 50% efficiency hopefully we are on track, we are making changes every month we are 
hoping to grow there. For Ghatakpukur yes we have started couple of lines right now. So 
Phase 1 is already in progress hopefully by the end of the calendar year we will have one the 
entire Phase 1 ready, but we have started so this plant is under construction and also we 
have started some manufacturing from there already. So, this is going as per plan and for the 
broader question the growth constraints that you are asking for so lot of things. I believe we 
have earlier also mentioned that especially if you are talking about the European economy a 
lot of these smaller countries which come under the category of under developed or semi 
developed, they have the privilege of 0% duty with them. So, for example, classical race is 
Bangladesh a lot of the business goes through Bangladesh because they have duty free 
exports to Europe. So, one macro level we are expecting some policy decisions from 
government of both countries. So, there are talks of lieu in their trade deal. So, hopefully that 
should be a big boost for all the Indian manufacturers. We have seen the starting effects of 
the trade deals with UAE and Australia that the interest is rising and we are also hoping that 
UK trade deal will finish by Diwali this year as mentioned. So, macro level this is something 
which is happening. Second is the raw material lot of products high end a raw material has to 
be imported to India again there is a push to build technical textile to build a lot of chemicals 
here so that we can be self reliant. So, these are some macro issues which are happening. 
What issues we can control we are trying to do it let us say the labor cost, let us say the 
efficiencies and all these items adding to the product basket. So, this from our end we are 
doing and hopefully in the coming time from 14%, 15% in the short term we can also see the 
20% revenue growth that you are looking at.  

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Rohit to summarize what essentially you are saying that we are positioning ourselves for a 
higher growth if macro thing fall in time and now there should not be any internal constraints 
that is the right way to look at it? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yeah that is what we are aiming at.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
And a small follow up on Ghatakpukur you said already we have started manufacturing 
product from the new Phae-1 is that understanding correct? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes so we started couple of lines only. So, it would not be a big output as compared to total 
capacity, but yes we have started manufacturing products.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, significant contribution from this will come from Q4 of this year or maybe next financial 
year? 
Rohit Mall: 
In next financial year yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Just wanted to dwell upon a point that you have mentioned in your presentation about 
maybe in countries like Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh facing economic and political 
problems, we know that Bangladesh in textile is a big player and Sri Lanka also is a big player, 
so on the technical textile side if you can elaborate how this shift is happing and are there 
some signs that you are looking some of your existing customers are increasing the wallet 
share of India compared to this country if you can elaborate on that? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes definitely there is country risk with our neighbor we all know how Sri Lanka is placed right 
now, Bangladesh also having some economic trouble and same thing with Pakistan. So, 
companies which want to mitigate their country risk are definitely looking at India, Indonesia, 
Vietnam as an option, but definitely India is a very resource pool. So, if you want to move big 
supply chain then India is a good choice. However, some companies and brands have 
investments in these countries where it is more than a customer supplier relationship. So, for 
them to have additional or move their entire supply is little difficult even if they have to start 
they will start replicating the supply chain with another country and then move out of the 
other countries completely, but yes we are definitely feeling the sense that people are 
looking at India as an option and there is increasing interest for these kind of products, but 
definitely like I also mentioned earlier this has to go hand-in-hand with availability of raw 
material which India traditional was not there technical textile we are seeing a push from the 
Government from the Textile Ministry as well for different kind of product which does not 
even mean for safety even for Agritech, Sportstech, Healthtech a lot of these items. So, that is 
what we are hoping at definitely country risk which people can eliminate from India.  

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Ankit Gupta: 
And one more point in our earlier calls you guys have elaborated that domestic there is lot of 
under penetration of safety products, so domestic proportion will increase is what you are 
expecting over the next two, three years, but given how things are shaping up on the macro 
side with the China plus one team as well as shift from countries like Bangladesh, Sri Lanka 
and Pakistan to India, do you think now export can also grow at higher pace than you are 
earlier anticipating? 
Rohit Mall: 
Higher pace than domestic I still do not think so that is going to happen that export is going to 
grow at higher pace than domestic. Domestic will grow bigger because even if you combine 
some big importing countries the population itself is not so big as India. So, by just sheer 
number in India and the domestic and the neighboring countries we have a lot of population 
to cater and because it is under penetrated so it will be this growth will come faster than the 
domestic market and this is more of stock and sell. So, it is relatively easier to have growth 
here than in the international market where it is more of a gestation period for a long term 
partnership and not easy to change the supply chain. So, I do not expect the same growth to 
happen from domestic as well as export, but definitely the export market is getting more 
open and more interesting for us.  
Ankit Gupta: 
One thing on the accounting side I wanted to understand was how the accounting for MSPL is 
done in the consolidated entity, so you know we see that the revenue for standalone and 
consolidated entity is almost the same, however the expenses on employee side and 
manufacturing and other operational expenses are higher in the consolidated side, so if you 
can elaborate how the accounting is done for MSPL and another subsidiary and where was 
the revenue for MSPL deal is shifted, is it MSPL supplies to the Mallcom standalone and then 
itself, how does the government work if you can elaborate in that? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
What we are doing is whatever this subsidy company turnover would not be there it is not 
there and basically I mean what is happening you see the similar turnover because Mallcom is 
also selling to subsidiary it will be some turnover is there and this is nullifying the turnover of 
the subsidiary company so that is why the turnover remains same.  
Ankit Gupta: 
And the cost like employee cost that are getting…. 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
The turnover and everything included only because of when you see the similar turnover 
because the Mallcom is also selling to subsidy company a little bit of raw material. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Also one thing I wanted to understand was earlier we have almost 51-49 kind of partnership 
in MSPL, but now with this fund inclusion of 58 crore in the subsidiary are holding in the 
MSPL is going to 75%, so is that our holding will now remain around 75% and our partners will 
be around 25% or they will also infuse some more funds in the MSPL to increase the 
shareholder? 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
No, it remains at 75-25 as of now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumesh from Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Sumesh: 
My first question is on the China plus one so in the investor presentation you have stated that 
we are seeing early effect of China plus one, so does it mean there is any change in our yearly 
guidance for financial year 23 and since 4 months, 5 months has already passed and what is 
your outlook for financial year 23 as on date? 
Rohit Mall: 
I do not think the projections are changing for this current financial year. I think a little bit of 
even if you saw a previous calls a little bit of that was accounted to China plus one policy 
coming into place, so whatever the projections were given were taken into account all of 
these things, so I do not particularly see any change in the revenue guidance. 
Sumesh: 
And sir I mean continuing the question of previous gentlemen so who was this balance 25% in 
MSPL and why are not we including the money I mean why Mallcom is not splitting around? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
See basically in the past also we have explained that we have MoU with one of our this 
before basically in the migrating and energy customers that is why and in the past we are 
many times we have already explained this.  
Sumesh: 
Can we know the name of the partner? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
It is AB Holdings PLC. 
Sumesh: 
My last question is on the Ghatakpukur plant so last time I think in your investor presentation 
it was stated like it was supposed to start from July first week, but while replying to common 
questions a few minutes ago you stated that the completion will be around by end of the 
calendar year, so what was the reason of this delay? 
Rohit Mall: 
No, there was no delay the plan was always that the first Phase will start from July first week 
and then we will go phase by phase. So, we have also mentioned in the past that overall the 
project will take two to three years for a complete because it is a big land and we are going 
phase by phase because we are planning to migrate a lot of manufacturing and also build 
capacity and it will not be just one product line, there will be different product categories. So, 
this is only Phase 1 which we are saying that we have started and hopefully we will be 
completing by end of calendar year and then we move on to Phase 2. So, this was the plan 
always. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir just wanted to know couple of things who would be our customers EPC players or who 
would be our customers in general? 
Rohit Mall: 
So, if you know we do business in two main formats one is in our own brand name which is 
mostly concentrated in the Indian subcontinent Middle East Africa let us say these areas and 
rest of the world we are white label manufactures and in these the second category is the 
imports or distributors of brand owners who are our customers and for our branded sales we 
sell through a network of dealer and distributor and the end user are any of the factories and 
SMEs who have people who require any kind of protection in the work floor.  
Akshay Kothari: 
So considering that India has a lot of wallet share in the EPC segment like NLP, power mix 
there are various other companies who are doing world bank funded or ADB funded projects, 
so they would also be requiring all these safety care equipments, so do we have any direct 
supply arrangement with them or how does it go that way? 
Rohit Mall: 
We always sell through our dealer distributor network and we are not selling to any client 
directly. So, there may be a lot of funding in these projects, but if you look at their P&L 
statement PPE is not a big part of their cost this comes under probably the MRO line item in 
PL and it has got very if you see the overall project cost this cost is insignificant. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Yeah but this EPC players must be also procuring it from somewhere or it is not that they are 
part of their requisition list all these EPC players? 
Rohit Mall: 
I am not sure if they are directly procuring it, but to deal with us we have close to in India we 
are close to 70 dealers, 75 dealers. So, if we get a lead or our dealers get a lead the item is 
sold through the dealer only.  
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir what would be our domestic revenue you have given the Asian sub continent, but 
from the domestic front? 
Rohit Mall: 
Most of the Asian sub-continent would be India. So, almost till last year I think it was one-
third coming out of domestic.  
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir do we have any threat from the Chinese competitor in this field? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes we do a lot of people import directly from China and some items were completely 
uncompetitive from China till now because of cost and those are still being imported in the 
country.  
Akshay Kothari: 
And lastly I think you have some new products rain wear and sport safety equipment, so 
could you elaborate on that what is your strategy going forward in these? 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Rohit Mall: 
It is the same let us say every season every year we are coming out with something new it is 
either an announcement of an already launched product or it is a completely new product 
category altogether that we are thinking of. So, different product categories and in fact 
different items in those categories have different ways of how we are trying to market it, for 
example, you mentioned sport safety so that is more of a strategic selling rather than just 
getting the cheapest product and giving it to the worker. So, those kind of products are not 
met for somebody working in iron and steel or even any cement industry or these kind of 
industries they are meant for more in the HoReCa segment or some places in the automobile 
industry. So, that is a completely different marketing call as respect to normal leather safety 
shoe. So, each has its own way of own channel and own way of marketing that is how we are 
looking at it? 
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir can you give I think I missed it can you give the FY23 guidance again? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
For the total or you are talking of product wise. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Financial year. 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
FY23 the project we should have a top line growth of around 10% to 12% minimum and the 
EBITDA margin should be maintained. So, last year we had around 360 so next year we are 
targeting around 410 crores.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parth an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Parth: 
Can you talk about what is the current utilization average across all plant? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Yeah so basically see I am talking of Mallcom, yes, we are mostly like in case of hand gloves 
and safety shoes it is all must in the range of 90%, but definitely we have some scope of 
improvement on garments. So, this quarter we had little bit on the lower side turnover 
because of festive season, but yes it is around I would say with first quarter it was around 
70% in garments. So, there we can improve and then and nitrile gloves also we had around 
80% operational efficiency so there also we can improve. So, these are the four products. 
Parth: 
And the year-on-year growth momentum continuing coming quarter for just particular 
financial year? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Yes definitely we should expand our projections.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumesh from Green Portfolio. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumesh: 
So, sir Ahmadabad location which was started last year I guess Q4, so what was the revenue 
contribution from that location and what kind of margins are we growing? 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
See basically as we have the projection of around minimum 25 crore to 30 crore turnover we 
can do, but the margins are also more or less EBITDA margins could be in the range of 15% to 
20%, but definitely we need to increase efficiency so that project has just started and what 
we see that in our type of product we are not normal garmenting, it is industrial garment. So, 
there we see that people are being (Inaudible) 38:38 slowly, but definitely the operational 
efficiency is improving. So, yes we had some losses because of depreciation loss and some 
operating loss also in the first quarter, but the margins are same. So, we need to increase the 
efficiency and we see that the profits will be coming from there very soon.  
Sumesh: 
Sir I am not asking about your profit I was asking about actually revenue part so 25 crore 
means quarterly 6 crore run rate, so right now how much did we clock in Q1? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Yes Q1 in Q1 it was around I think 1.5 CR.  
Sumesh: 
And sir I was going through the investor presentation and you know there was mentioned 
about Australia and UAE deals, but you said that our guidance still remain intact similar to the 
last call, so are not we seeing any inquiries from UAE or Australia location, but if yes then 
what is the quantum of the orders that we receive from those locations? 
Rohit Mall: 
So, like I mentioned so when we are giving our projections also we have taken into account 
that these FTAs will be signed. Now a thing with two countries agreeing on a policy it is not 
like things start shaping immediately. So, even though after the announcement it takes about 
three, four months for it to be gazette and actually come on the platform which is 
executionable. So, that delay is happening and also like I mentioned Australia especially is a 
market which falls under our white labeling. So, white labeling is something that as 
mentioned earlier has a longer gestation period to start a new relation as compared to stock 
and sell. UAE definite we are seeing better growth there as compared to last year.  
Sumesh: 
So, UAE we already started exporting you are saying? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes we were exporting earlier also, but because there we are doing under our brand name so 
it is faster to increase growth there than to our private label markets.  
Sumesh: 
So, what was quantum if I ask like what was the earlier contribution and after the trade deal 
what is the current contribution from UAE in number terms it can be round figure also? 
Rohit Mall: 
The trade deal has just been signed and only I think a month or not even month ago it was 
budgeted and put in the platform. So, there is rarely anything that we are seeing right now, 
but we are expecting to have a lot more growth from UAE as compared to last year. 
Sumesh: 
So can we expect like financial year 24 might have a higher growth rate because of these 
deals because 10%, 12% not that high also the guidance that you have given? 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Rohit Mall: 
See it depends on the industry some industry 10%, 12% is very high growth rate some 
industry 10%, 12% is it high, but we will definitely be cautious of quoting more we only want 
to see first year because this is only the first year that the FTAs are being signed. So, we do 
not want to overshoot our expectations and if we see that yes a lot of that has resulted into 
revenue then definitely 24 we can expect that to continue. Similar example is China plus one 
we have been talking about everybody has been talking about it for last two years so now 
that we see some movement happening.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Manager. 
Please go ahead.  
Anurag Patil: 
Sir how much is the total CAPEX plan at Ghatakpur? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
In first phase it is 25 years so what we have done till now as Rohit answered earlier that the 
first phase of building is ready and we have started putting up lines there. So, 5 CR 
additionally 20 shares we have invested in building and land development and building and 5 
CR we plan to invest into machineries also, new machineries which is in process. So, some of 
the machineries are already installed lines are there. So, we have started production also 
there, but only a very small volume. So, over the period by end of the calendar this lender 
here this most of the machinery should be installed and normal production should be there.  
Anurag Patil: 
Sir what would be the revenue potential from this CAPEX for full utilization? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Yes basically our target would be almost 100 crore we are doing in garmenting. So, additional 
CR should be coming from this unit. So, 150 crore is for garments we target from our Kolkata 
operations here from this unit only.  
Anurag Patil: 
And sir for FY22 can you provide industry wise contribution of revenue which are the top 
contributors? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
Industry wise. 
Anurag Patil: 
Yes industry wise like construction industrial for oil and gas like which will be the top revenue 
contributing industry? 
Shyam Sundar Agarwal: 
What we can say that the entire manufacturing industry everybody is using PPE and it goes 
through dealer. So the market is like for everybody So, maybe oil and gas is something where 
it is maybe the demand is more at it would be difficult I can give you whatever turnover we 
are having.  
Rohit Mall: 
So very layman kind of a thing what you can assume is usually the top 10, 12 industries which 
contribute to the economy except the services part where the more contribution is coming 
from those are the big industries that we also get the revenue from.  

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
This 10%, 12% growth that you are talking about is that including the MSPL end of the unit 
growth as well or it will be in addition to 25% growth that you are targeting on standalone 
basis? 
Rohit Mall: 
As of right now what we are seeing the market that is how we are seeing it because there is 
definitely addition of things, but there is also the talks about the recession happening which 
is earlier also pointed out and lot of markets like I said Turkey and some markets which are 
completely evaporating from any sort of importing. So, we are taking that also into account 
so it is a kind of a push and pull which is happening. So, 10%, 12% is keeping in mind as we 
think.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir just wanted to understand what would be useful life of previous equipment gloves, shoes 
on an average I know it must be difficult, but just on an average? 
Rohit Mall: 
Actually it will be difficult to give an average because see shoe is 12 months, a gloves can be 
one day, a glove also can be one to three months, helmet is 5 years or the first time it 
develops a crack, mask are usually supposed to be worn for our duration and then change, 
but yeah even people wear it for longer one day work wear yes can go on for longer period 
usually number of wash cycles. It is actually it will be very wrong to do an average.  
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir you have mentioned that 90% of the customers are repeat customers, so is it very 
much likely that over the year around 90% of our revenues would be from the same 
customers only and 10% what would be the incremental customers addition if you can give a 
sense of that? 
Rohit Mall: 
I would not say 90% are repeat a lot of them yes again it depends on which kind of business 
you are talking about definitely for the white label clients I would not say 90% yes, but 
something like 75%, 80% should be repeat and the rest would be incremental. 
Akshay Kothari: 
And just a generic question how different would be our shoes from the once which are used 
in the defense procurement in the defense army, navy and all those things, how different 
would be our shoes? 
Rohit Mall: 
So, even for the defense there were different kind of shoes, for example, somebody at 
Siachen wearing completely different shoe then somebody who is in a normal terrain like 

                                                                                                                                     
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
your CRPF or something like that. So, it depends on the terrain with respect to army also it 
depends whether it is in defense is the army or the air force or the naval. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Just trying to explore whether we have an opportunity over there or we are not eying that 
area? 
Rohit Mall: 
We still now do not have the let us say the right kind of product for army, but that is 
definitely an area we are exploring and we are regularly participating in tenders and talking to 
ordinance offices to see what can be done, but right now if you say are we a big player there, 
no we are not.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Two questions one is I think you just heated that the raw material prices have come down off 
lately and I think we saw very decent margins despite RM cost being high, so do we see some 
room for margin improvement if the RM prices remain soft that is one and with all the CAPEX 
in place of considering Ghatakpur one and the Ahmadabad phase 1, can we do 500 crore 
revenue from the available facility? 
Rohit Mall: 
So two questions first your questions were little correction I did not say the RM prices were 
coming down it is definitely stabilizing. So, market is getting okay with the new RM prices. We 
do not see it to be going down as of right now, it might in the future, but not right now. But 
definitely if the RM prices goes down and we should see some margin improvement because 
even the logistic prices like I was mentioning earlier they have stabilized and were able to 
pass it on which was kind of a pressure earlier. So, that is the answer and with whatever work 
in progress units we have there is possibility of seeing including those there is possibility of 
seeing 500 crores revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments.  
Rohit Mall: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope you are able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company please reach out to our 
investor relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and stay healthy.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Mallcom (India) Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
