V 
ClubMahindra 
August 4, 2022 
MHRIL/SE/22-23/51 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. Cu1, G Block 
Bandra-Kuria Complex 
Bandra E, Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: MHRIL 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, PJ Towers, 
Dalai Street 
Mumbar— 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533088 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
- Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing ❑bligations 
and ❑isclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
Ref: Our letter no. MHRIL/SE/22-23/39 dated July 15, 2022 
❑ear Sir/ Madam, 
This is furtherance to our letter no. MHRIL/SE/22-23/39 dated July 15, 2022, wherein the advance 
intimation of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Monday, August 1, 2022 with 
Several Funds/ Investors/ Analysts on the financial and operational performance of the Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 was submitted to the Stock Exchanges. 
In compliance with SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call which is also hosted on the website of the Company www.clubmahindra.com.
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Dhanraj Mulki 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
End: As above 
Mahindra Holidays Er Resorts India Limited 
Corporate Office: Mahindra Tower, 1st Floor, "A' Wing, Dr. G.M. Bhosle Marg, P.H. Hume Chowk, Work Mumbai - 400 018. 
t: +91 2.2 6918 4722 
Registered Office : Mahindra Tower, 2nd Floor, 17/18 Patullos Road, Chennai 600 002 t +91 44 3504 1000 f +91 44 3504 7778 
e: memberrelations@clubmahindra.com / www.clubmahindra.corn / CIN: L55101TN1996PLC036595 

V ClubMahindra 
C 
H 
a 
n 
U 
S.0 
A 
L 
t
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAVINDER SINGH – MD & CEO 
 
MR. SUJIT VAIDYA – CFO 
 
MR. DHANRAJ MULKI – GENERAL COUNSEL & 
COMPANY SECRETARY 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Kavinder Singh – MD and CEO, Mahindra Holidays & Resorts 
India Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Kavinder Singh: 
Good evening, everyone and a very warm welcome to our Quarter 1 FY23 earnings call. On the 
call with me today. We have Mr. Sujit Vaidya; our CFO, Mr. Dhanraj Mulki; our General 
Counsel and Company Secretary. I am sure you've had a chance to look at our results and 
investor presentation that was uploaded after our board meeting on Saturday.  
Let me begin by just starting by saying who we are and how do we see things ahead. As you 
know we are a leisure focused business. We are focused on family vacations and we have been 
around for 25 years. As the largest leisure hospitality player in the country, we are noticing few 
trends. Let me just highlight a few of them. We have seen the hospitality industry is coming out 
of the difficult times caused by the pandemic. As you can see on the investor presentation, we 
have shown that the occupancies of the hospitality industry touched 65% in the month of May. 
The domestic air travel reached a robust 22.7 million passengers in the month of May. There has 
been a very heavy demand for leisure holiday destinations. Some of you who may have tried to 
holiday at a short notice, you would have noticed that the average room rates are very high. 
People are choosing to still go on shorter getaways, if possible, by car otherwise by a quick 
flight. We have noticed workcations as a pattern and I will little bit build on this later where 
people are vacationing as well as working because of the work from home, work from anywhere 
culture that has come in some sectors of the industry. We have also noticed that people like to 
be outdoors. They want to engage in treks, trails and various activities where they can be out 
together. I want to mention before I go into even the quarter; another interesting pattern we 
noticed in July; we have hit an occupancy of 82%. August and September are also looking good. 
The occupancies are above 80% in both these months. We expect this quarter also to be good in 
terms of occupancies. I must say, we are in a sweet spot. We are a leisure focused business, 
focused on family vacations and we are seeing extremely high demand for leisure holiday 
destinations. That is where we are present in 84 destinations, 4,600 rooms.  
Before I even go into the quarter. I just want to share a framework that I have in my mind put 
through because we are doing well in all the three elements of the framework. If you were to 
look at PPP framework 3Ps - People, Planet, Profit. As far as the ‘People’ achievements go, this 
quarter was a very happy quarter for us. We were rated as 20th ranked, we came at 20th rank in 
the Great Place to Work rankings. We have been applying for Great Place to Work rankings and 
we have been certified every year in the last 6 years. This year we achieved our highest rank at 
20th rank. Most importantly we have been rated as the best workplace in hotels and resorts for 
two years in a row. If I were to look at the other P, which is ‘Planet’. Happy to share a very good 
news apart from the fact that we have signed various declarations on EP-100 (energy 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
productivity), Renewable-100 as well as carbon neutrality by various timelines. We have got 
seven of our resorts as platinum green certified. We are green resorts. Seven resorts are green 
resorts. They have platinum certified which means they are of global standard. Really speaking 
in terms of planet, there are a lot of other achievements like zero waste to landfill, net zero 
energy, net zero water in many resorts. But I thought I would highlight to you that seven of our 
resorts being certified as platinum green rated by IGBC.  
If I were to talk about ‘Profits’ I want to say before I even get into profits, we actually took a bet 
about 2.5 years ago where despite the pandemic we decided to continue accelerating our room 
additions. If you look at Q1 FY20, we had approximately 3,600 rooms. If you look at Q1 FY23, 
we have 4,600 odd rooms. So, about 1,000 rooms added in less than 3 years and coupled with 
high occupancies which means 89%, very similar to pre-pandemic levels even though the rooms 
had expanded by 1,000. Coupled by the fact that we had very good spends on F&B, holiday 
activities and experiences by our members, we have generated the highest ever resort revenue 
of Rs. 84 crores which is a credible achievement, considering that just few months ago we had 
Omicron and we were just coming out of the pandemic sometime in March. We have also 
achieved the distinction of crossing 100,000 room nights in each month of the quarter. The total 
number of room nights that were occupied during the quarter was 316,000 room nights. I would 
also hasten to add that we are no longer in Mahindra Holidays a cyclical business. We are seeing 
all around demand and we expect the demand to remain fairly robust even going forward.  
Before I even get into further description of how our profits were achieved. I want to share what 
we are doing on the digital front; our digitalization journey which had started a few years ago 
with the launch of an app. Our focus on digitization in the customer journey has seen a 100% 
jump in the payments through the digital route. Our member acquisition is also got a fillip 
through the digital route. As our website and app have been refreshed we are seeing new member 
acquisitions growing through the visitors on the website and app and people are leaving leads 
that they would like to be contacted for membership. There is a pool that has been created as far 
as the brand is concerned and digital assets like website and app and various content that we 
keep putting in, there is a huge focus on content on creating meaningful content. In fact, we ran 
a very-very successful campaign ‘We Cover India, You Discover India’. Along with that we had 
a promotion with the one of the movies in Amazon prime video and we noticed that led to a 
significant growth in the digital sales. We have a Horizon’s program which also saw huge 
momentum where our members can exchange their room nights and go to 360+ hotels and resorts 
in India and abroad. Our Club M Select offering continues to grow. We have many of our 
members who have signed up for Club M Select. This is a program where they get excellent 
deals on hotels, cruises and dining as well as lifestyle options in India and worldwide. Happy to 
state that this is helping us build our club proposition which is the core value proposition. The 
fact that we are focusing on data science to understand propensity to buy, our membership 
propensity to refer and propensity to—in some times when our members take the membership 
on EMI then we also have an ability to predict the propensity to pay on time and propensity to 
also spend at our resorts. In fact, these data science related inputs have been quite hugely 
successful in driving e-commerce or prepayment for the resort spends that member plan well in 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
advance. So, a very big story building up on the digitization and the data science side which is 
helping us deliver this kind of performance that you have seen.  
If I were to again come back to the performance for the quarter; I must say that the focus 
automatically goes to how much is the inventory that we added in this quarter. We added 107 
rooms. We opened a new resort in Gangtok and we extended our resort at Udaipur. You know 
that we accelerated our inventory and we added 800+ rooms in the two years of pandemic which 
is a creditable achievement which helped us to grow our business in this quarter. Our target is to 
achieve another 1,000 to 1,200 room addition in the next 24 to 30 months through acquisition, 
greenfield and expansion of our existing resorts. I would like to add that we have our Kandaghat 
resort where the construction is going on to expand it by 185 keys. It's a Rs. 200 Crores project. 
We have a 236 key greenfield resort at Ganapatipule that we will break ground sometime in 
September subject to one odd approval that is pending. We are also expanding our Puducherry 
resort. We will start the work in the next quarter. We are also planning to expand our Goa, 
Assonora resort which we launched last year. We have a huge pipeline of resorts that are coming 
in. We have acquisition pipeline as well and we have a very good pipeline to lease fresh resorts 
with which we will refurbish and renovate to bring it to our standards and also manage them as 
we do. 
In terms of our PPP projects, we have done a soft launch at Janjehli, Himachal Pradesh, the Chief 
Minister of Himachal Pradesh actually inaugurated that resort. This resort was won in a bid by 
us just about 6 months ago. We have turned it around fairly quickly. Of course, some work is 
still pending because of heavy rains and we should have this resort open soon. As far as 
Harihareshwar is concerned, we had mentioned that we have won the bid with MDTC under the 
PPP idea. We are in the process of completing all the compliances. Once all the processes are 
over, we will begin to break the ground there as well.  
I must mention that in terms of inventory we are on a very good footing which means in some 
manner we are also reflecting our confidence that even if we were to add 1,000-1,200-1,500 
rooms in the next 2 to 3 years, we will not only be sufficient in terms of our capital because we 
have enough cash flows, we do not need to borrow. But we are very confident of filling them up 
which is an important consideration in our business. Once people come there, we are very 
confident of engaging with them in immersive experiences and ensuring that our resort revenues 
keep growing from strength to strength.  
If I were to look at our member additions; our member additions have been very robust in this 
quarter. We added about 3,807 members and this is almost reaching the pre-pandemic levels. 
Our cumulative member base now stands at 2.7 lakhs. The best part is that these memberships 
came at a higher average unit realization. It was at about Rs. 3.8 lakhs compared to Rs. 1.9 lakhs 
during the same period last year. Of course, last year there was an effect of Delta wave as well. 
If I were to look at our contribution, referral and digital contributed to about 58% of the sales. I 
have already mentioned to you that we are experiencing very high website traffic of almost 2 to 
3 million each month. This is also helping us grow our digital sales which I spent some time 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
earlier. Our upgrades are also showing huge momentum. Our sales value including upgrades 
were at about Rs. 146 crores in Q1 FY23 versus Rs. 20 crores in Q1 FY22, of course impacted 
by the Delta wave.  
Must say that upgrade show the confidence that members have on our product and gives us lot 
of confidence that we are on the right track in terms of providing value to our esteemed members. 
Our product mix has been better as seen by the higher average unit realizations. I must say that 
we believe that our portfolio strategy of a long tenure product, medium tenure product and a 
short tenure product is yielding results. As you know that prior to pandemic, we had only long 
tenure products, we introduced medium and short tenure products during the pandemic. We have 
seen a very good momentum. We added about 800 to 1,000 rooms. All the decisions that we 
took in the pandemic, during the pandemic, have actually helped us to deliver this record-
breaking quarter results that were uploaded on Saturday.  
I have already talked about the fact that our occupancies have been robust. We see July-August-
September also doing extremely well. We have also taken some actions in terms of enhancing 
our outdoor experiences by further investing in Great Rocksport. Now our stake stands at about 
13%. Of course, we have planned to take it up to about 23.4%. This is something that we had 
talked earlier.  
Let me talk a little bit about inflation. We were able to see the inflationary trends early on. We 
took price increases in the month of November’21 and April’22 in our membership fee as well 
as on our F&B services. We've focused on saving costs through the alternative energy sources. 
We have 16 resorts which are solar powered with a total capacity of 3,500+ kilowatt power. We 
also due to the sudden increase in inflation procured fuel in bulk at pan-India level and we have 
been managing the operating costs extremely well.  
I just want to spend maybe one odd minute just to highlight that our business model is extremely 
strong and resilient. Even prior to pandemic we were doing well. During the pandemic we 
continued to do well despite the restrictions and post pandemic we have actually come out even 
stronger. If you look at the fact that in our business model, the very large member base provides 
the predictability and provides annuity revenue streams. Focus on leisure travel and family 
experiences is something that is helping us obviously. Consistently high occupancies we deliver 
across seasons and we have a strong balance sheet with robust operating cash flows which 
supports growth in addition of room inventory without any recourse to debt.  
I would avoid to talk about how much revenue growth we did, how much profits we did. But I 
just want to spend a few seconds or minutes on the fact that our PBT margin at 14.9% is higher 
than what we had prior to pandemic which was 10.7% which to me gives us lot of satisfaction 
that during the pandemic we grew our margins and there was lot of questions that were asked 
will we be able to sustain margin, please note that this is a full scale of operations. Despite that 
not only we grew the margin to about 14.9% from 10.7% but our PBT also grew by 24% YOY, 
if you were to exclude the one-offs. Our expenses, there has been an increase in sales and 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
marketing expenses as I mentioned due to the brand building. I did talk about what we did in 
terms of building the brand which is so critical in our business. Of course, higher member 
additions lead to some higher variable costs. The other expenses and rents have increased in line 
with the resort income and scale of operations. I would like you to not be concerned about the 
finance and depreciation costs because they are directly and due to the increase in room 
inventory. I would hasten to add that some of you have asked what is this finance cost of Rs. 6.8 
or Rs. 6.9 crores. I would like to mention that this finance cost is under Ind-AS 116 only reflects 
the rentals that we pay for our lease resorts. This is not a financing cost. We have not taken a 
debt at the standalone level. Our cost saving initiatives, we have optimized our manpower in 
terms of multi-skilling our manpower in our resorts. This is something that we did during the 
pandemic. We trained our people to do multiple jobs within the resort. We did solar 
implementation at a breakneck pace, 16 resorts, and we have also converted lot of our fixed costs 
into variable costs and that has also helped us in managing this transition from a pandemic era 
to a non-pandemic era. Structurally we have tried to look at costs and improve our operational 
efficiencies while enhancing experiences. Therefore, as I always say that it is not about the price, 
it is about the value that we provide. We seem to be on the track in terms of providing huge 
customer value at a very-very competitive price and also managing our operating costs extremely 
well.  
I want to spend some time on balance sheet and liquidity. We have strengthened our balance 
sheet. We actually added to our deferred revenue Rs. 52 crores. Now the deferred revenue stands 
at Rs. 5,135 crores. We continue to be zero debt at a standalone level. We have repaid the loan 
of about Rs. 30 crores in our Thailand subsidiary. Our cash position is at a healthy Rs. 1,172 
crores. Our cash grew on the back of high resorts revenue, member additions and better upgrade 
revenue. We have been also driving and this is one of the most happy part I want to share - we 
have been driving higher down payments, lower EMI tenure from member additions which has 
also aided in our cash collections. We have in July 2022 provided a loan of €25 million to one 
of our subsidiaries in Mauritius. This is an investment SPV to take advantage of the weakening 
euro and this loan that has been used by the Mauritius company to pay the debt that is there at 
the Euro level in Mauritius. This has also taken a huge advantage of the fact that euro to rupee 
equation was extremely favorable in favor of rupee. That is something that has helped us to 
reduce our net debt at the consolidated level also or rather the debt at consolidated level.  
If I were to talk about the Holiday Club Resort moving on. The good news is that the timeshare 
sales have grown by 64% year-on-year with the higher sales of timeshare weeks and better sales 
realization. In Finland and Sweden, the spa hotel’s performance significantly improved with 
123% year-on-year growth due to higher occupancies, better ARRs and of course our Vierumäki 
Resort which are opened in July ‘21, the full results of that have also come in and that has also 
aided our top line growth. Renting income has grown by 32% YOY due to better ARRs. Of 
course, the expenses have also been extremely well-controlled thereby reducing their operational 
losses to €1.5 million as compared to €3.5 million euros in the same quarter last year. I must say 
that the domestic travel is quite robust. Summer season has started very well from mid-June 
onwards until mid-August. Q2 is traditionally a very strong quarter for HCR. Yes, there is 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
elevated inflation in food, electricity and fuel prices. There is a drop in the consumer sentiment 
also which could affect the consumer discretionary spends, but we are confident of weathering 
this situation well because as I mentioned earlier the leisure businesses have an advantage even 
in these times as long as the value proposition is sharp people continue to holiday and thereby, 
we will be in a position to possibly script a turnaround story for Holiday Club this year despite 
the challenges that you see  here and in Europe. 
If I were to look at consolidated performance; total income was the highest ever at Rs. 637 crores, 
up to 52%. Of course, the operating income went up by 63% and of course the EBITDA has 
grown by 75.3% and the margin has also grown from 18% to 20.7%. As a result of which we 
turned in a profit after tax of Rs. 30 crores which is an improvement of Rs.51 crores over Q1 
FY22. 
I would want to conclude now by seeing that apart from getting the recognition as far as the 
high-trust high-performance work cultures which Great Place to Work measures, apart from the 
fact that we got our seven of our resorts platinum certified by IGBC which is a global standard 
in terms of net-net zero energy and net zero water. The summary as far as the business goes or 
the profit aspect goes or the customer experience goes is following; the leisure demand is 
expected to remain strong and it'll benefit us immensely because we have an expanded resort 
portfolio of 84 resorts and 4,600+ keys. As far as our business model is concerned, occupancies 
are expected to remain consistently high and most important this will drive revenue growth in 
coming quarters. Please do watch out for the revenue growth in the resorts. That is something 
that we are very excited about. The member spends are healthy and we are constantly providing 
differentiated offerings including new restaurant offerings, new branded cuisine offerings and 
also the experiences that we are creating, immersive experiences which are not found anywhere. 
We are very confident of maintaining higher spends from members.  
Another point which I never mentioned is that even in these times of inflation and rising travel 
costs the attractiveness of Club Mahindra membership is actually high because families can 
choose to buy membership at a price which actually helps them to not pay for the room rentals 
for the next 25 years. This is a value proposition which is even more relevant today in these 
times of inflation. However, we have to keep in mind that the inflation does affect consumer 
sentiment, people do sometimes postpone meetings. But as far as we are concerned, we are 
extremely confident of our value proposition and the upgrades at the resorts from lower season 
to higher season, from studio to one bedroom to two-bedroom apartments, product upgrades, 
they remain very robust and they have they have done extremely well for in April-May-June. 
This shows the endorsement of our members towards the experience that we provide.  
Holiday Club Resorts business model and strategy is extremely robust. We have seen the onset 
of the summer holiday season leading us to some good times in the July-August-September. We 
will continue to monitor the situation on the warfront.  

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Obviously, the focus on cost savings will continue. We are transforming this business by 
integrating our powerful brand, using the power of digital and data sciences, creating a great 
service excellence culture which will help us to constantly generate significant amount of cash 
and of course we will use lots of green initiatives including solarization and overall control on 
costs which will help us to protect margins and grow both the turnover as well as the bottom line 
and improve the margins despite this challenging environment. 
Thank you for your time this evening. I now open the floor for questions and answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
I'm sorry if I missed this in your opening remarks but what's the occupancy numbers in Europe 
this quarter and if you could help us rehash adoptive difference specifically across Q1-Q3 and 
Q4 in HCR in Europe.  
Kavinder Singh: 
Our occupancies in Europe are about 60% odd in the quarter of April-May-June. Please 
remember this is that their business is cyclical, July-August-September will show much higher 
occupancies because the holiday season actually kicks in from mid-June onwards. I must also 
hasten to add that these occupancies are extremely high considering the fact that the city hotels 
have been reeling with about 40%-45% kind of occupancies. Same advantage that we enjoy in 
leisure business in India, the Holiday Club Resorts enjoys in Finland, Finnish are and even 
Swedes are avid travelers and the domestic travel in fact have kicked off in big way during July 
and will continue until mid-August.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
Our domestic customer addition numbers are good in this situation. But these significant 
accelerations happening at these levels so far with the SG&A or do you have levers to kind of 
break out of this range or would you actually hold back to lessen the SG&A number between 
(Inaudible) are actually numbers that are sustainable and one should continue to expect numbers 
in this range. What are your aspirations? 
Kavinder Singh: 
I couldn't hear you partly, I don't know there's some problem at your end on the speaker side but 
what I am able to hear you say, is that the numbers of the member additions are robust. Is there 
something that may lead to a breakout? 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Do we have any levers within our SG&A spends to kind of break out of these numbers or would 
you reckon that these numbers are sustainable and going forward what one should expect? I'm 
just trying to understand your aspiration on this bucket.  
Kavinder Singh: 
Our aspiration is to obviously grow much faster. Let's be very-very clear about it because 
internally we are obviously aiming to do higher than what we are doing today. I would say watch 
out because we are constantly looking at various routes to grow. This is what I think we should 
focus on in our discussion as to what is it that we will do. So let me just enumerate 2-3 points. 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Number one, our focus on digital and referrals is going to grow even more. We have internally 
launched a loyalty program which will encourage our members to refer more. As we speak the 
program is getting rolled out and we believe that will lead to higher number of referrals. I must 
tell you the most effective form of customer acquisition is referrals because the cost of 
acquisition is low, the customer is already heard about you and it’s a great way to and this also 
doesn't put pressure on the sales and advertising kind of spends. That is one thing that I wanted 
to mention. Digital definitely requires inputting into the digital space creating new content. I 
think we have sufficient headway there also to invest and continue to grow the digital side of the 
business in terms of driving leads and converting them better than what we probably convert 
today. Data science as a tool to look at propensity to buy is something that is being looked at. 
There are some lots of action happening there. Watch out there also because we will begin to 
improve our conversions as we move forward. The other thing that we are doing is that we are 
quite focused on driving prospects to come to our resorts, either as members, friends, guests or 
relatives because they tend to buy at the resort. Our onsite sales team is being strengthened big 
time as we speak. We are also focusing on appointing new DSAs, the distribution agents, 
because that's another area which will improve our points of sale because the truth is that our 
presence in Tier 2 towns could improve. That is something that we are focused on. So there is a 
huge opportunity in a business like ours, reason I'm not even going into the levels of penetration 
which in India for most of the categories remain low. But for us as the habit of holidaying sets 
in and I must say COVID has possibly accelerated at least by a decade the behaviors of customer 
to get out of homes to sort of look outdoors, to enjoy mother nature and do some activities 
together. That culture is spreading quite fast. I believe that that will also help us to acquire 
customers far more easier than what we were acquiring in the past. However, it's a journey. It 
won't happen every month or like in the next quarter, there will be always a capability building 
exercise which is going-on on each of these areas. Therefore, we should see the step up and it 
should be evident as we move ahead.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
Can I squeeze in one last question on debt level. Could you just recoup what your net debt levels 
are? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
The net debt levels after we made the partial loan repayment is around Rs.700 crores now at the 
total Group level. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
And all of this is Euro denominated? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
Yes, most of it is Euro denominated.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sahraj Singh from Laburnum Capital.  
Sharaj Singh: 
My question is how long do you expect this holiday momentum to continue for now, the first 
quarter was exceptionally strong holiday season momentum? How do you look at this 
continuing?  

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Kavinder Singh: 
If you look at our bookings in August and September, we are looking at occupancies upwards 
of 82% in August and September. They would only rise. We anyway have finished July at 82% 
and October-November-December is always a very-very big season for travel. We now believe 
that we might be in a situation where almost every month we will see occupancies upwards of 
80% which is not something that we used to see in this quarter, particularly July-August-
September. We have hard data to say that the travel momentum continues. Despite the fact that 
we keep adding rooms we still do not see any dip in occupancies which is great which is what 
shows that over a period of time the connectivity has improved, the need to travel has increased 
as I mentioned with respect to the COVID and all and people can work from anywhere actually 
without getting disconnected. So, telecom infrastructure, otherwise road infrastructure, airlines 
infrastructure, all of these are actually feeding into this travel boom that we are beginning to see. 
I think whatever be the situation at the macroeconomic level unless of course something very-
very crazy happens, we do see that people would want to get out. They would want a shorter 
holiday but they would definitely want a holiday. Therefore, there is this desire that is fueling 
the boom in leisure destination. And you know it yourself probably from your personal 
experience also, the ARRs in the leisure destinations are probably at an all-time high that we 
have seen in the recent past. 
Sharaj Singh: 
The second question was on the member additions, although they’ve picked up a lot but given 
the strong season, we're seeing why have they not been able to breach pre-COVID levels? I mean 
we'd expect that to happen given the strong holiday season that is there, so what are your 
thoughts on that?  
Kavinder Singh: 
You are talking about the member additions.  
Sharaj Singh: 
Yes.  
Kavinder Singh: 
Let me just bring a perspective to you. As I mentioned that Jan-Feb-March was impacted by any 
way Omicron and that is normally a big quarter for us. And if you compare that and if I were to 
do on a YOY basis, of course it doesn't make any sense which is about 1,000 odd members in 
April-May-June because that was Delta impacted quarter. If I go back to the pre- pandemic 
levels, we did about 4,300 odd members. This time we did about 3,800. Remember one thing 
that there is a huge focus that we are now having on value because we are now constantly driving 
two things that people who become our members, they give higher down payment because we 
have noticed that the higher down paying members which is the strategy that we have followed 
for the last few years, are also spending money at the resorts at a level higher than someone who 
is coming with great difficulty or not being able to afford. So focusing on the right quality of 
members is something that we have been continuing through the pandemic and beyond, creating 
a portfolio of products like we have done, long-medium-short tenure products. So what we are 
noticing is that whether you look at 4,300, 3,800, they are not materially different. They are 
roughly at the similar levels but you start looking at the value as well as the upgrades that we 
are doing because there is a monetization. In this business it's all about adding new members 
and of course monetizing existing members whether through upgrades or whether through resort 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
revenues, of course annual fee also when people holiday, they do pay annual fee. Without annual 
fee payment they cannot holiday. The way to look at is that are we able to monetize better? Are 
we able to get right quality of members who will spend money at the resorts? And the fact that 
we added Rs. 52 crores to the deferred revenue shows that our revenue of about Rs. 52 crores is 
higher. We added more into the deferred revenue than we pulled out. That is important to know 
because we are actually putting it in some manner the money into an un-booked profit which is 
deferred revenue. So, the focus is on value, the focus is on higher down payments, and the focus 
is on higher spends by the members. It's a monetization game which is something that we have 
played extremely well. That is why you are seeing the improvement in margins, not to say that 
the member additions of 3,800 will remain at 3,800. We are continuously as I mentioned in the 
previous answer that we will continue to drive higher member additions along with of course 
inventory additions which are now at a fairly brisk pace.  
Sharaj Singh: 
Are you saying you have been selective in onboarding members to a certain extent now 
compared to earlier? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Definitely, when you ask for higher down payment to become a member, it is definitely you are 
in some manner excluding a set of customers who could become your members by giving you a 
very low down payment. But what we have seen in the past when people come with lower down 
payment, they tend to churn. 
Sharaj Singh: 
What kind of a difference is being there in this threshold from earlier, the down payment 
amount?  
Kavinder Singh: 
That's something that we have not yet put out in the public domain. We have some threshold 
criterions for higher down payment and they are significantly higher than the past.  
Sharaj Singh: 
The difference, the delta not the amount specific percent of the delta if you could give that?  
Kavinder Singh: 
Again difficult. Main thing is that if you were to look at any consumer durable today, if you look 
at any other category today, I mean people are selling things at 5%-10% down payment, equal 
EMIs all that stuff. We don't do any of that. We are expecting a reasonably high down payment 
and then we expect the person to pay on time and holiday and obviously spend money at the 
resorts. There is definitely some level of let's say we do a bit of a lead scoring to identify who is 
likely to not only become a member but also spend money at the resort. You would appreciate 
that you can easily add members but if the members come and they go or they don't spend at the 
resorts, the business does not see the benefit. And the reason you are seeing such excellent set 
of numbers is because every part of the, every moving part is actually now synchronized whether 
it is inventory addition, whether it is the quality of member additions, whether it is the down 
payments and whether it is the cash management, whether it is the margin management; 
everywhere you look at it, we have tried to see that there is no slippage anywhere. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment Managers Limited.  

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Nemish Shah: 
I just wanted some clarification on the cash balance that we had. This Rs. 1,172 crores cash 
position as on date is after the subsidiary loan repayment of Rs. 30 crores. Is that correct? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
That is correct. 
Nemish Shah: 
And given that it was, we had a similar number last quarter so we would have generated about 
Rs. 30 crores cash this quarter? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
A bit more than that because we do have the normal CAPEX which on the….  
Nemish Shah: 
Free cash flow, I am talking about free cash flow? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
Yes, so that would be in the range of around Rs. 45 crores.  
Nemish Shah: 
Just understanding a bit on this loan that we have given to MHR Holdings. Just wanted to 
understand in the rising interest rate scenario, will our interest expense on our Euro borrowings 
or do we anticipate that to go up in the coming few quarters?  
Sujit Vaidya: 
Of course, our interest on the Euro loan was Euribor Plus. Now because the Euribor now has 
gone into a positive territory, it was negative all along. Yes, there would be an increase to that 
effect. You would have heard that ECB increased by almost 50 basis points. That is the increase 
which is what you can see. 
Nemish Shah: 
Do we anticipate any increase in the spread as well on the Euribor or the spread will largely 
remain the same? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
No, the spread will remain the same. That is already contracted.  
Nemish Shah: 
And do we plan to give any further loan over and above €25 million? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
There is no existing plan as such but definitely we are watching the situation in terms of how the 
exchange rate movement and the interest rate movement happens and depending upon whether 
it is beneficial, overall financially there is always a possibility that we may do that but nothing 
on the cards just now.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Services.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
We had a chance to speak to one of an old customer of, a member of Club Mahindra and he was 
very-very happy with something new which has happened in the last 1-1.5 years. And it was 
related to Club M Select and also the travel services and Curated Holidays experiences. Where 
he particularly mentioned about whenever he has to go to a say make a travel plan may be even 
if it not a leisure travel but say something like a business trip and he wants to go to Delhi 
suddenly so through Club Mahindra membership see it’s a lot of attractive offers. So, I couldn't 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
find much on that in the annual report. There is only one short paragraph and even on the 
presentation. It would be great to hear from you how we are going ahead with both these plans? 
Kavinder Singh: 
I think as I mentioned also in my opening remarks, Club M Select is something that we are, it's 
more let's say being tested out and yes, it has happened in the last during the pandemic time but 
the usage was little low because people were not traveling. We are noticing that people are doing 
lot of transactions now. It's actually something that is not available in the market where people 
can use Club M Select to get very huge discounts at the hotels which are better than what you 
can get on any of these online travel aggregators. And more importantly you can also book 
cruises or any lifestyle activities including dining options and golfing etc. So, it is a lifestyle 
product. We are slowly promoting it amongst our members. We need to get little more aggressive 
now that the pandemic is over and this is clearly a very high priority item for us. We do see this 
will lead to higher member engagement, some amount of growth in income for us though it will 
not be very-very major unless we take it out to non-members as well and that is something that 
we have not yet planned out fully. So, yes, this is a big area of opportunity to engage with 
members and monetize members and also give them benefits that they would be truly proud of 
being a Club Mahindra member. Did I answer your question to the level that you wanted to? 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Yes. Just an add-on to that. If you can just spend more time on your offering related to say tickets 
or maybe availability of rooms in other five-star resorts because of being a Club M? 
Kavinder Singh: 
We have another program which is different from the Club M Select which we call as a Horizons 
program. Maybe your friend is referring to that as well. What happens is we have a tie up with 
about 360 hotels and resorts both in India and abroad. If you are traveling to as you rightly said 
Delhi-Bombay or some of the others locations Chennai etc, you could actually bank your room 
nights. There is a small access fee to us and check in into that hotel and actually do your work 
or do your vacation and come back. So, this gives an opportunity not only to Holiday at our 
resorts but actually go to some other branded options. The good part of this is that we have seen 
a very huge momentum in this where people are sometimes using this Horizon program to 
exchange their room night with a property which could be in a city or a location where we are 
not present. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Exactly so that is why I was surprised that not much is mentioned about it on the annual report 
or the presentation? 
Kavinder Singh: 
It’s an area of improvement for us. We haven't talked much about it. As you know, we normally 
talk about the things that we do once it achieves a certain level of scale.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
My second question would be related to our association with Rocksport. The Rocksport thing so 
you have several other adventure related parks all around the country, different cities. So, do we 
only want to restrict ourselves to a company like Rocksport or we would like to expand our may 
be in the future years to other companies also because there is the regional specific theme-based 
activities going on in several cities or even smaller Tier II cities where we may get a chance to 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
further just like Club M Select, we can further engage with our customers and provide them 
better value offering, any plans on things like this? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So, one thing we are very clear that we are a resort company which provides great immersive 
experiences which includes adventure-based experiences for the family. We are not about 
adrenaline junkies or providing some extreme adventure sports. That's not our business. The 
reason we are working with Rocksport is because they are a profitable startup. They needed 
growth funding. We gave them the growth funding and we realized that they have huge strength 
in terms of being able to create soft adventure for the families when they are holidaying at our 
resorts, critical point is when they are holidaying at our resorts. Equally Rocksport on its own 
creates lot of soft adventure theme-based activities which they do nearer the big cities. We do 
encourage as you mentioned about your friend talking about Curated getaways, vacation etc. 
Same way we offer our members an opportunity to go to these adventure theme-based events, if 
I may use the word, and then people can go at a certain discount, they can engage with the 
Rocksport activities and be spend a day there and have a good time with the family and come 
back. Now the reason we don't want to engage with too many people and spread ourselves thin 
is because we are never sure about the quality, we are never sure about the safety, even though 
the responsibilities of the Rocksport, but we don't want to be associated with someone who is 
not particular about these things. And also, we are also very clear that the Rocksports’ target 
group which is students and children and families who are living in the metro towns is actually 
our target group also. That is where the synergy actually happens for us. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Are we seeing any conversion from that say if anyone is customer of Rocksport? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Of course. I mean so Rocksport has done some work in some of our resorts and that is leading 
to our members enjoying those experiences. Equally our prospects as well as members go into 
the Rocksport events in the cities. There is again a very good satisfaction scores we are tracking 
and obviously we can target Rocksports’ customers as well to become our members. This is 
something that we started about a year ago. Pandemic was on and off, the pandemic created a 
bit of an issue but now we are accelerating our involvement with them so that we are able to take 
advantage of creating great experiences for our members in our resorts which will add to our 
revenues as well apart from ofcourse targeting their customers and also creating a year-round 
engagement with the members in their cities where they reside. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhishree Bang from JHP Securities. 
Abhishree Bang: 
My first question, what is the receivables figure for Quarter 1 FY23? 
Sujit Vaidya: 
That is Rs. 1,137 crores. 
Abhishree Bang: 
My second question goes like our cash position of Rs. 1,172 crores so can you just provide me 
with breakup of the same?  

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Sujit Vaidya: 
These are largely into mutual funds and fixed deposits with the bank. 80% would be into these 
and rest is into liquid funds for the requirements of the business.  
Abhishree Bang: 
Is it possible to give the figures elaboration?  
Sujit Vaidya: 
We don't put that full information on, we do that once in 6 months when the September results 
come out.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises.  
Pranav Tendulkar: 
I have just two questions. First of all, the other expenses that is Rs. 156 crores I think this quarter, 
what does this consist majorly of? And is there any free guidance or any methodology that you 
can give for us to project this, it is related to resort rooms addition or it is related to member 
addition. That is one. Second is when are we going to have a pull factor in our member addition? 
So, can you give some color of the total member addition, how much is pull and how is push 
and what is the pathway because we are now except the room addition, what is the pathway for 
per quarter 5,000+ member additions, when that can happen? And just last question, out of the 
total VO income as a deferred revenue, deferred VO, how much percent of that is on EMI and 
how much percent of that is completely paid? 
Kavinder Singh: 
You have actually two types of questions. One is on the business and the marketing side of it. 
Another set of questions are more finance related questions basically cost related questions. So, 
I will request Sujit to answer the finance or the cost related questions. Let me quickly answer 
the question that you asked, when will the pull really come and how do we get to a higher 
member addition trajectory. By the way I answered this question already in detail in the 
beginning of the call when a question was asked what levers will we press for growing our 
members so I wouldn't repeat that, it will be there in the audio recording, in case you were not 
there in the first part of the call. As far as the brand pull is concerned, please remember that in a 
business like ours we are vacation ownership business where we are asking people to pay upfront 
so that they can in some manner become a part of the member, become a part of the Club and 
they don't have to spend money on the rooms when they come to the Club and of course they 
get discount as a member and special treatment also in the resort. So, it's a model where we sell 
Club memberships and Club memberships have lots of benefits and privileges and sometimes, 
they require lot of explanation and that can happen only face to face. There are times when 
people do not take decision and that is where you may have heard of this terminology called 
push sale where people are pushing the person to buy and the person is not taking a decision. 
That is all there is push in our business because we today do not have difficulty in getting people 
to sit and understand what we are but then when it comes to decision-making the criterions are 
different for different people and some people do not prefer to take a decision and some people 
do take a decision. That's as far as the explanation of what is meant by push. When it comes to 
the pull, the fact that we have 58% of our sales coming through the digital and the referral route 
shows that there is sufficient pull that has already been created for the brand. However, you must 
know that even in the balance 42% of the sales there are lot of alliances that we do, cross 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
promotions that we do with the other brands and these brands then are very happy to associate 
with us because we are an aspirational brand. That is where for example a brand that we have 
done a very successful promotion is a brand called Hamleys. Now Hamleys is a brand which is 
the target group of that product buyer is the parents of a child are clearly our customers. We did 
a very successful alliance with them. So that is not push, in fact that is creating a different kind 
of pull. Difficult to say how much pull, how much push but largely speaking majority of our 
sales is now coming through the brand pull. Yes, there is sometimes at the table the person 
doesn't take the decision and there could be some level of push happening but we are on the right 
track in terms of creating very engaging digital content, generating sales through the referral and 
digital route and through the brand alliances. We have reached a status today where we really 
don't have to run after people to buy our memberships. We definitely have to target correctly. 
As I mentioned one of the other ways to think about the pull is that even upgrades are strong, 
referrals are strong and the higher down payments, people are willing to pay higher down 
payment to become our members rather than a 5% or a token down payment. That's another 
number which has moved very-very smartly up. So, significant amount of pull we are 
experiencing but having said that the growth will come through the various levers that I talked 
about it in my earlier part of the presentation.  
Over to Sujit on the question on other expenses. Let me finish please. Let first Sujit answer your 
question on other expenses before you ask another question. Kindly let him answer your other 
questions otherwise we'll forget the questions. One is the question on other expenses and there's 
another question that was asked if you remember which is related to the deferred revenue part 
of the question. So, go ahead Sujit.  
Sujit Vaidya: 
As far as the other expenses are concerned around Rs.146 crores, we do have a detailed slide on 
that in terms of the P&L and as you would notice from there, out of that Rs. 46 crores or Rs. 47 
crores is relating to sales marketing and largely that is, the substantial part of that is, the cost of 
acquisition of our members and it keeps moving in line with that. The balance around Rs. 100 
crores again, say 40% of that relates to the resort expenses and the food and beverage cost, so 
that is what would move in line with our resort revenue and that's the relationship because I think 
the question was how do, what is the guidance around, how do you forecast that? So, these are 
the two separate elements and we have given the split of that. The balance amount would be all 
relating to the corporate overheads which remains flat or grows in line with the inflation in 
general. Can you just repeat your question about the deferred revenue please?  
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Yes. So deferred revenue part of the that sits on the balance sheet how much I'm sure that there 
will be some portion of that maybe on EMI, there is some portion will be fully paid but still not 
accounted in the revenue? So, what proportion of that total deferred revenue sitting on the 
balance sheet constitutes of EMI and what is fully paid till now?  
Sujit Vaidya: 
In terms of, what happens is that whenever we onboard the member, the entire sum of the 
whether it is a paid or not is accounted as a deferred revenue. The entire Rs. 5,100 crores in fact, 
to be precise Rs. 4,951 crores of VO deferred revenue. Again, this information is there in our 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Investor deck is relating to the entire membership fee, which is contracted, that's it. Now 
obviously out of that, every year if it is a 25-year-long membership, 4% of that is accounted as 
revenue. So that keeps happening. Separately you book depending upon the person has taken an 
EMI plan is booked as a receivable. Some part of that comes as a down payment and the balance 
remain as receivables. You would see that though we have around Rs. 4,950 crores of deferred 
revenue, our receivable is only around Rs. 1,100 crores, because many of the members, in fact 
85% of our total member base is already fully paid up, and again that information is available in 
our Investor deck. That's the way these two separately they move because the payment comes at 
much faster pace leading to as you can appreciate a cash accumulation which you see because 
we continue to kind of build the rooms for the members either through our own CAPEX or 
sometimes or in fact more than 50% are leased where your cash outflows are not upfront. Does 
that answer your question? 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Yes.  
Sujit Vaidya: 
I think you had some other questions? 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Regarding the first question. The whole purpose behind asking the first question was that as a 
company, sales and marketing expense as a total percent of gross sales, how we see that anyhow, 
so that will be a good indicator of pull and push. I understand that it's a more complex than just 
white washing pull or push, but sales and marketing expense as a percent of direct sales would 
be a very good parameter to judge that?  
Sujit Vaidya: 
There are two components of that and I will give a financial answer and the maybe Mr. Singh 
can provide some more business color to it. There are two components of that. One is the brand 
spends in terms of overall improving the brand salience in the minds of consumers and 
awareness. The second part, the bigger part which we spend usually is on customer acquisition. 
The customer acquisition as we have said in the past as well, is a combination of different sources 
of lead generation and the acquisition routes we have. But overall, on an average we are having 
around 24% as a cost of acquisition on the basis of the membership fee. If you take a lifetime 
value of the customer then that falls way lower than that, but that's the one number to keep in 
mind which is a variable cost for us and again to just reiterate as we defer the revenues this cost 
also is largely deferred over the period of the life cycle of the member. Mr. Singh you want to 
add something more to that? 
Kavinder Singh: 
I think largely you have covered very well. So, see what happens in a business like ours, there 
is a variable expenditure on sales and marketing that is incurred when we are trying to acquire a 
customer which is, could be in the natures of offers, discounts etc. If you were to compare it to 
a traditional business it could be the dealer discounts. We don't have dealer discounts in our 
business so it’s a direct B2C business and that is what is shown as cost of acquisition which 
includes offer discounts as well as the sales commissions that we give, which in a typical 
product-based business would be the discounts and offers that are given to the dealers or the 
partners. So there is a variability there and which is fine because there is a certain level of cost 

ClubMahindra 
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
that you would incur. The good news for us is that if you were to look at our cost of acquisition 
which is where most of the sales and marketing spends are largely, is seen today as  a period 
cost because we think that our cost of acquisition is at approximately 24%-25%. But the good 
news is that if you were to look at that cost over the lifetime value of the member, it actually 
translates to a very low single digit cost. The good part of our subscriber business is ours is a 
very-very sticky subscriber base and it's not that it is churning every day and therefore, if you 
were to amortize this cost of acquisition, which you call sales and marketing cost, actually can 
be amortized over the lifetime value of the member and comes to a very-very reasonable level. 
That is why you are able to see continuously growing profit growth as well as margins because 
the cost in some manner do get amortized because anyway there's a deferral happening on the 
variable cost in this accounting standard while the income is also getting deferred. So that 
probably is, to give you a comfort that, and I think it is in some way connected with the earlier 
question that how much levy we have in terms of spending money to grow the customer base. 
For us what is important is to get the right kind of customer. I don't think we face much 
constraints in terms of spending money but I think it is very-very important that we remain quite 
focused on whether we are getting bang for the buck or not. There are multiple aspects of 
building the brand, customer acquisition whether it is digital, whether it is a physical event or 
whether it is a sales and marketing action which is just to drive the top-of-mind awareness. We 
are quite conservative in my view and our sales and marketing expenses particularly with respect 
to brand building, we do lot of work on digital. Therefore, you don't see us much on the TV etc. 
which is fine because most of the hospitality or the vacation ownership companies are not seen 
on TV. They are seen more in the digital side because the customers are hunting for us there. 
Therefore, our spends are significantly higher in the digital area as well as in the cost of 
acquisition area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Kavinder Singh for closing comments. Please go-ahead sir.  
Kavinder Singh: 
Thank you very much for patiently listening to our answers to your questions. As usual your 
questions have been very insightful. I have always maintained that if we are where we are today 
a lot of that is due to the persistent and insightful questioning that you do of us. We feel extremely 
accountable and we really feel that your questions make us think harder and it is good that we 
are put into some kind of a lens during this period. We sharpen our responses. We become better 
at running the business, keep an eye on what are the shifting trends and to the best of our ability 
we try to share with you what we have, what we are doing. On that note thank you so much for 
being a part of this concall today. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Singh. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
