 
August 04, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on July 
28, 2022, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-
for-Q1-FY-2023.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Nilufer Shekhawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
NILUFER GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT
Digitally signed by NILUFER GAURAV SHEKHAWAT 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400093, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=MUMBAI, l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7c17697263e997f44e2102c196063c44f0ba011d0fd4a08a289b57c91d8c4950, 
pseudonym=f3ed98b0318c41efaa4452c776849bca, 
2.5.4.20=9b0fa4a072018735af050f8b71163837eb845764eab67409c9a594adc5f56cd1, 
email=NILUFER1234@GMAIL.COM, cn=NILUFER GAURAV SHEKHAWAT 
Date: 2022.08.04 18:15:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
  
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jignesh Shial - InCred Equities 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sundeep Sikka - ED & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Prateek Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Saugata Chatterjee - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Aashwin Dugal - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Arpanarghya Saha - Chief Digital Officer 
Mr. Hiroshi Fujikake - Chief Planning & Business 
Excellence Officer 
 
 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset Management 
Limited Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thank you Michelle. Good evening everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I welcome you 
all for this earnings call of Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited. On behalf of the 
management, we have Mr. Sundeep Sikka and the entire management team of Nippon Life 
Asset Management. I will now hand it over to Mr. Sundeep Sikka, CEO of Nippon Life 
Asset Management. Over to you Sir! 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks. Good evening and welcome to our Q1 FY2023 earnings call. We have with us our 
Chief Financial Officer Prateek Jain, Co-Business Heads Mr. Saugata Chatterjee and Mr. 
Aashwin Dugal, Chief Digital Officer Arpanarghya Saha and Fujikake-san - Nominee of 
Nippon Life Insurance. 
 
Our detailed investor presentation and press release have been uploaded on the exchanges 
as well as on our websites. Before we take your questions, let me share with you some 
comments on the recent industry trends and our Q1 performance. This quarter has seen 
significant market volatility owing to the continued geopolitical uncertainty, high crude oil 
prices, increasing inflation and weakness in currency coupled with FII outflows. In the past 
too, we have witnessed that global sentiment and local economic indicators had an impact 
on the Indian asset management industry. The industry assets declined marginally by 2% in 
this quarter after witnessing a positive momentum for seven quarters. The decrease was 
mainly due to the fall in equity as well as fixed income assets, while ETFs rose. However, 
the secular trends, in terms of investor additions, continue to remain steady. The industry 
further expanded its base of unique investors, which grew by 1.6 million in this quarter, 
representing a 5% increase over March 2022. The growth in the investor base and 
consistently higher quarterly SIP flows indicate investors’ preference for mutual funds as an 
avenue for long-term wealth creation. At Nippon India Mutual Fund, our priority is to be 
future ready and capture the long-term opportunity. Our overall market share rose by 16 
basis points to 7.40%. AUM increased by 16% to Rs. 2,794 billion. At Nippon India Mutual 
Fund, “investor interest” remains our only constant. We added 1.3 million investors in Q1 
and continue to have largest investor base in the mutual fund industry. We increased our 
share of industry’s unique investors to 37%, with a base of over 13 million investors. In line 
with the “Investor First” motto and prudent governance philosophy, Nippon India Mutual 
Fund is committed towards an institutionalized approach towards fund management. As on 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
June 2022, no category of equity has more than 16% of the total assets. Majority of the 
funds are jointly-managed, and no individual fund manager manages more than 23% of 
equity assets and, that too is spread across funds which have other co-fund managers. 
Systematic flows are a stable and a key driver for industry’s long term equity flows. Nippon 
India Mutual Fund’s annualised systematic transaction book is at Rs. 97 billion. Quarterly 
flows increased by 30% to Rs. 23 billion. On a gross basis, over 383,000 systematic folios 
were added in Q1. Our systematic AUM Rose by 7% to Rs. 482 billion. 51% of SIP AUM 
has continued for over 5 years vis-à-vis 22% for the industry. Also, in volatile markets, 
folios with lower ticket size have demonstrated longer vintage and better stickiness. 13% of 
SIP folios have continued for more than five years as against the industry number of 9%. 
Today, Nippon India Mutual Fund offers industry’s best suite of products in passive 
category. With strong growth in industry’s passive assets, our ETF ecosystem is already in 
place and far ahead of its peers in terms of investor base and mind share. In this segment, 
we manage an AUM of Rs. 601 billion and have a market share of 14.1%. Excluding the 
EPFO allocation, which rose to two specific mutual funds, we would be the largest ETF 
player in the country. Our gold ETF is the biggest fund in the category with assets of Rs. 68 
billion. Nippon India Mutual Fund’s share in industry’s ETF folios rose to 60%. In Q1, we 
added over 1 million investors and accounted for 83% of the total folio additions in the 
mutual fund industry. Nippon India Mutual Fund has 74% share of ETF volumes on NSE 
and BSE. Our ETF average daily volumes across funds remain far higher than the rest of 
the industry. Nippon India Mutual Fund always had an unwavering focus towards building 
a digital centric business. With a futuristic vision and a clearly articulated strategy in place, 
digital has become one of the key stones of a long-term growth and sustainability. In Q1, 
digital platforms contributed 55% of our total new purchase transactions. Over 750,000 
purchases were executed through digital assets - an increase of 25%. Nippon India Mutual 
Fund has a well-diversified and enabled distribution base and a wide presence to 275 
locations across the country. As on June 2022, we have over 85,500 distributors empanelled 
with us. The MFD base rose to 85,300, with an addition of 1,200 distributors during this 
quarter. Now on our financial performance. For the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the profit 
after tax was Rs. 1.1 billion - a decrease of 37%. Operating income rose by 1% to Rs. 1.7 
billion. Operating profit, as a ratio of average assets in the management, was 25 basis points 
in Q1 FY23 as compared to 28 basis points in Q1 FY22. In the past, the Company has 
followed a consistent dividend policy. In FY22, NAM India distributed the highest ever 
dividend, with a payout ratio of 96%. Over the last eight financial years, NAM India has 
distributed a cumulative dividend of Rs. 34 billion. As we grow organically through a 
physical and online channels, we remain open to evaluate investments and strategic 
opportunities that add to profitability or complement our existing businesses and, ultimately 
are in the interest of minority shareholders. As a signatory to UN-PRI, we have already 
begun to integrate ESG aspects into areas of strategy, business operation, investment 
management and governance. We have introduced a formal ESG framework in FY22 and, 
have disclosed our vision, objectives and progress in the annual update. Through a 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
combination of responsible investing approaches of screening, ESG integration and active 
ownership, we remain committed to build a resilient portfolio that will not only provide 
sustainable returns for investors but also have a positive environmental impact on social 
impact. To sum it up, I would like to reiterate that, at NAM India, investor centricity 
remains the key theme. We strive to deliver a superior performance and sustainable returns 
to our investors and, in the process, add value to all stakeholders. We are confident to 
continue our trend of profitable growth in coming quarters. With these comments, we are 
happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Sameer Dalal from Natverlal & Sons Stockbrokers. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Dalal: 
I had a question regarding your other income loss. You have shown a loss this time of about 
Rs. 17 Crores. When I look at your breakup of your investments, only Rs. 250 Crores is in 
equity, about Rs. 2,500 Crores in debt in the mutual fund schemes. So has the debt side also 
underperformed that badly that the overall returns are showing a negative? I just want to 
understand, given most of it is in debt, how we reported a loss for this period in the other 
income? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I will request my colleague Prateek to take this question please. 
Prateek Jain: 
Actually, as you mentioned, there is Rs. 250 Crores of equity exposure and, broadly the 
market has fallen about 12% to 15% and, because of the mark-to-market impact, our 
schemes have declined in the same range of 10% to 12%. So, broadly, the major MTM 
impact is coming from there. Also, the yields in the 10-year G-sec has gone down by about 
50 basis points in this one quarter itself and, that has had an effect on the shorter end of the 
curve as well. So, on an overall basis, there has been some decline on the fixed income side 
also, and you have to understand that because of the skin-in-the-game requirement, we have 
to invest into all our debt schemes across the portfolio. That may have also resulted in 
MTM impact on the fixed income side. Therefore, the overall impact is about Rs. 7 Crores 
on the standalone basis and about Rs. 17 Crores on the consolidated basis. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Will it be possible to share how much of your portfolio is into long-term debt, short-term 
debt and give a breakup of that, because the short term debt really even if the interest rates 
move up, the impact is not much, it is basically the long term that have taken a hit, I am 
guessing? 
Prateek Jain: 
70% of our debt is into the short term category. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Sameer Dalal: 
So given that 70% is in short term, I am just still again trying to extrapolate. It does not 
matter, it is a small amount, but net-net that is affecting your profitability for the quarter, 
right, if you look at it. Second thing is your fee income has also gone down a bit, as a 
percentage of total assets. So has there been any change in certain structures of brokerage 
given out or commissions given out that have affected your earning income? 
Prateek Jain: 
This is the complete accounting impact. If you look, the markets were almost at a peak 
April 4, 2022 or March 31, 2022 was the time where the market was at its peak. Markets 
have recovered significantly now, but on June 30, 2022 when the accounts were drawn, the 
market was dropped. So what happens is this is a balance sheet date. So when we were 
preparing our financials for the quarter of March, the valuation was at the peak and when 
we were making the balance sheet for this quarter, it was the lowest. Therefore, that has to 
be accounted in other income. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Yes but that still affects your yield. So any particular reason why the yield is down? 
Prateek Jain: 
On the yield side again, because of the mark-to-market impact on our equity schemes, the 
realization was comparatively lower. The equity assets have declined to the extent of MTM 
impact and also, the growth into our assets have come into the more low-yielding assets 
which is liquid and ETF. That is the reason of the lower yield. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Okay fine. I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Good evening Sir. If you look at the increase in total folios, majorly, it has been driven by 
the ETF segment. So I just wanted to understand the new folio additions on the equity side 
and how has the trend been over the last 12 months? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
They are very high percentage that have come in ETF. We have also seen over 375,000 new 
SIPs getting added during the quarter. Again, in case of ETF, new investors are coming and, 
in active, it is a mix of both new investors whereas the existing investors are also going for 
top-ups. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure Sir thanks and, with respect to operating expenses, there have been a sharp increase in 
the other operating expenses sequentially. So what are the reasons for the same and with 
respect to operating leverage, so apart from the increase in the AUM, what are the other 
levers for us to have better operating leverage? 
Prateek Jain: 
In Q4 FY2022, we had expenses of Rs. 138 Crores which is now at Rs. 145 Crores, so I 
would not call it as a sharp increase. There is a Rs. 7 Crores increase on overall basis and, 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
predominantly because if you look at the last two years, we have not given much increment 
to our employees. Last year was, from a profit perspective, one of the best years for us and 
therefore, we have given inflation-linked increments to our employees, so that is one 
reason. Secondly, the economy has completely opened up now and business is as usual and 
normal. So, there are certain expenses which are related to that, which have gone up. Also, 
the fact that we carried out certain marketing initiatives, which you would have witnessed 
both in terms of our television campaign as well as the newspaper campaign, and which is 
again a part of our future readiness and investment for the future. So those expenses have 
resulted in this increase. However, we will remain committed to continue to work and 
operate this company with utmost frugality, and that has been our approach for the last three 
to four years and, we will continue to operate in that fashion. Also, as Sundeep mentioned 
in the call, the way we have diversified in terms of our fund management, etc., even if the 
asset has to grow one-and-a-half to two times, no significant investments or expenses would 
be required and, that is where the operating leverage will come into play. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mital from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mital: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Now the first question was around yield. 
There is a sharp drop in equity yields in this quarter, whereas when we look at the equity for 
the other players, we have seen that for them the yields have sort of improved in Q1 after 
the normalization in the environment. But, for us, even in Q1, there has been a very sharp 
drop into the yields. So if you could explain, what has been the reason? 
Prateek Jain: 
There has not been a sharp decline. In terms of our overall yield, some of our fixed income 
or debt assets have seen shrinkage and those money has come in terms of ETF as well as the 
liquid. So our market share as well as our overall composition is skewed. While we have 
maintained our equity composition of 42%, debt has declined and has gone into ETF and 
liquid. Therefore, there has been some change because of the impact of this composition. 
Also, because of the mark-to-market impact, there has been an impact on the overall yield. 
Mital: 
Because of mark-to-market, your assets go down but ideally your yields should not be 
going down, right? Ideally, the yields should improve if the absolute assets go down. My 
question is around yields, actually, because even if I do understand that the share of the debt 
has gone down, but even then, the drop in the yields seems quite high on a sequential basis 
actually? 
Prateek Jain: 
From our perspective, we start the year anticipating what could be the cost likely to come 
in. So we preempt that expense now. What we have done is we have anticipated what is the 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
likely yield, which will be going to be the end of the year and, we start building up on that 
basis. So that is in compliance with the SEBI circular. So what has happened in the last few 
years is that there has been higher intensity of competition and a lot of new money has 
come through, which has been at a significantly higher cost basis. We have pared our 
realization basis the expected new inflows and the expected new cost, and basis that, you 
see some decline in our yields on our equity assets. 
Mital: 
From what I understand is that the yields are charged on a daily basis. So is it something 
that we are charging some estimated yield? 
Prateek Jain: 
Because what we have to do is that, as per the SEBI requirement, you have to charge 
expense on equities, keeping the average expected brokerage. So we always try to estimate 
what would be the yield, what would be the average brokerage cost and what would be the 
average margin, which will be realized, and based on that, we peg our fees. 
Mital: 
Some outlook on the yields front because if yields continue to dip at such a rate then any 
operating leverage play out seems quite unlikely in our business because the yields have 
been falling at such a fast pace. So, if you can give us some color around outlook on the 
equity yields? 
Prateek Jain: 
This downward pressure on yields will continue for some more time because there has been 
a slew of new players who have come in and, also, while in the last two quarters we did not 
see many NFOs, but we have seen NFOs coming in the past. Therefore, there has been a 
tendency from the distribution fraternity about the money they will get or rather these 
pressures would be there on the yield, so that is one reason. Secondly, as you mentioned, 
when the asset grows up from here, obviously there would be a decline in the realization. 
The third bit is that, from the overall yield perspective, the composition has been changing, 
both on the debt and the equity side. A lot of new money has started coming in on the 
passive side, so we have seen a good amount of inflows on the passive side both on the 
equity as well as fixed income side. So, all of these are putting some pressure on the yield 
and which is likely to continue for some more quarters, before it comes down because of the 
base effect. But more importantly, what we also expect that, once the yield curve reaches 
the peak, from thereon when the yield curve changes or when the interest rate cycle 
changes, lot of money will come into the long tenure and the credit side of the fund and, 
that will lead to the change in the asset mix again. So, there is a flight-to-safety at this point 
of time. Then again, we have seen that when the money will flow into those asset categories 
where we have a propensity to a higher yield, you will see that there will be an overall 
increase in the yields. So, I think, this is cyclical in nature. 
Mital: 
I agree that with the changing interest rates, flows into debt will return. But my point is that 
for how long this pressure will continue, because when we look at yields on a quarter-on-

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
quarter basis, it is very difficult to make out until when will this pressure continue to 
remain? For one year or two years or five years? 
Prateek Jain: 
From our perspective, we do not completely participate in the way the competition goes 
about and shares their fee income with the distributors. We have our own benchmark and 
we continue to maintain our profitability, which we will continue to do so. However, what 
we could not control was the outflows and the churn from the old assets to new assets. But 
what we have seen is that the pace has significantly come off. So from December 2018 till 
about December 2021, we have seen significant outflows from our schemes. There was 
gross outflows which was happening. Despite getting lot of AUMs, there was a net outflow 
that has been now arrested and, we are seeing net positive AUM. Also, the overall 
redemptions have gone down, which means the vulnerability to those old assets getting 
churned has now come down significantly. Hence, the impact going forward will not be 
significant unless we also start sharing a significant portion of our fees with the distributor. 
So what we could do is to proactively not share significant amount of all fee and the second 
was the redemption, which was beyond our control. 
Mital: 
Got it and on the passive side, given that most of these new vintage companies are coming 
up with a plan to launch schemes on the passive side and given that these schemes are sort 
of quite easily replicable by the other AMCs, what sort of innovation do you see on the 
passive side going ahead again, like we are seeing in this segment? 
Prateek Jain: 
Clearly, India still remains highly underpenetrated and I think there will be more players 
and more competition. More than innovation, on one side, we continue to launch new 
products especially on the passive side. On the active side, we have already articulated in 
the past that we will not be launching new schemes for the sake of launching, till the time 
we see they can be scaled up. On the passive side, we will launch a few schemes but 
ultimately, like anything else, the key focus is going to be an execution. We believe that on 
the passive and the ETF side, we have the ecosystem in place and, we will continue the 
strategy of execution. New players coming, not coming, what competition is doing, we will 
keep an eye on that. But our core focus remains on what is best suited for the investors’ 
interest and what is best suited for the portfolio. We will continue launching schemes based 
on that. 
Mital: 
Could you help us with the schemes which are already in the pipeline for the next six to 12 
months? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
It is in slide number 11 of our presentation. Entire details are there. 
Mital: 
Got it thanks. That was all from my side. Thank you. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is again on trying to understand where Nippon 
India stands in terms of profitability, market share because if you look at equity and that in 
both the categories, we have been not able to gain back the lost market share. The market 
share is either stable or we continue to lose it, but at the same time, if you look at our yields, 
we are seeing one of the fastest compression in the revenue yields compared to peers both 
listed and unlisted. So what is happening out there. Like as we said, we are not participating 
in giving high commissions. Then also, our realizations are coming down and, at the same 
time, we are not gaining market share as well. Can you help us understand the sharp fall in 
the yields from say 4Q FY2022? Our revenue yield was at 48 bps, it is at 45 bps. The 
change in asset mix do not explain this kind of fall, right? We are seeing this kind of change 
in asset mix in previous cycles as well and, what is happening out there, because at one 
hand, you are losing yields, and at the same time, we are not seeing increase in market 
share. So, if you can explain how one looks at market share versus yield phenomena 
because when you look at other AMCs, there is a clear inverse relationships. You give more 
commission and get higher market share. But, in our case, on both ends, we are seeing 
pressure on the both sides? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Kunal, I will give some initial comments, then hand it over to Prateek. Firstly, you talked 
about market share. We have seen a rise in market share for five quarters. It has been going 
up, which asset class, again, I will stay out of that, right now, because it is already in the 
presentation. We do not want to repeat it. But, for five quarters back-to-back, the market 
share has been increasing. Number two, we clearly believe when you talk about market 
share, one of the most difficult things to execute in this industry has been retail. In the retail 
market share, our retail folio count market share has been increasing. Having said that, I 
will go to the last part of this thing that different AMCs will have different strategies. One 
strategy that we are very clear is that we are not going to be doing any business, which is 
going to get a loss. The change that you are seeing is due to product mix number one. In 
equity, over the last five quarters, we have started seeing better inflows. With the 
improvement in performance, we are seeing the gross flows are getting better, while the 
redemption has stopped. Clearly, we believe there is going to be a lag effect and I think the 
composition of equity assets will increase further in the next few quarters. As far as the 
realization is concerned, Prateek, you want to take that one. 
Prateek Jain: 
I have already spoken about the yield part of it. But you are right that what has happened is 
the recent increase in the market share has come through the low-yielding assets, which is 
passive and liquid. But what you have to see is that the pace of decline of our equity assets 
and the net outflows, which we were witnessing, has been arrested. The kind of depletion in 
our equity market share, which we were witnessing, has been done away with. Obviously 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
since the time we have actually started exiting our past group and from thereon till about 
December 2021, we were seeing continuous outflows coupled with some not-so-great 
performance. But if you now see, the one-year and three-year performance has come up 
and, in the last six-odd months, we have been able to arrest that decline. Also, on the fixed 
income side, large part of the money which has gone out is the FMPs, which we had. 
Obviously, there are time bound and, while we have got them back, that has come into the 
low yielding assets. So those assets have matured, and they have come back to us. I think, at 
the appropriate time, we will be able to migrate them to the higher yielding assets. Again, as 
Sundeep mentioned, the philosophy has always been “investor first” and importantly, 
during these times, the best strategy from the fixed income side is to be on the shorter end 
of the curve. So large part of our assets, even in the fixed income category, has come into 
the shorter end of the curve. Therefore, growth has come in liquid, ETF and shorter end of 
the curve and, that has an impact on the realization. Importantly, we had been witnessing 
decline in the equity assets, which has now got arrested and, in the last six months, we have 
seen decent amount of positive inflows. We will like to build on that momentum and, going 
forward, we are likely to see higher market share in the equity asset as well. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Just a follow up on that one. If I get it right, the large part of the yield fall is because 
we are gaining market share in lower yielding assets. Second part of the question was if you 
can help me with average equity yields that we had in Q4 of FY2022 versus this quarter? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We do not give individual breakup of the yields, but largely, the decline is in line with the 
industry. If you see the various schemes, whatever distribution commission we have been 
paying, it is lower than most of our peers because of the mix. Since large part is coming 
through IFAs, our average brokerage is lower and that is where we will continue to do so. 
But we are admitting that we saw a lot of outflows, so a lot of the old assets which were 
higher yielding or which were at low trail, has been replaced by the new trail. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Okay thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Good evening. Just one question from my side. If you can give some color on your wallet 
share across top distributors in the banking category or MFDs or national distributors, more 
from the equity flows perspective, as we see, in the last one or two quarters? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
I will just share data from the last two quarters. Broadly, the equity market share, from a 
flows perspective, when it comes to MFDs, is roughly around 7% to 8% of the industry. 
From banks and the larger wealth counters, we will be slightly less, maybe around 5% to 
6%. From a blended perspective, it will be around 6% to 6.5%. As a company, that is where 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
we stand today. We have a very high SIP concentration. In the SIP flows, we will be close 
to double digit. That has incrementally gone up over the last eight quarters. Hence our net 
sales has started becoming positive in the last three quarters. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So just to confirm 5% to 6% was on the banking channel, 8% to 10% was on the MFD 
channel, 7% to 8% was on the national distributors or the large distributed channel and on a 
blended basis around 6% to 6.5% is that correct? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes. Our larger share of the wallet comes from the IFAs, even in absolute terms. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So just maybe a follow up on this wallet share that you gave across the IFAs. If you can 
segregate your overall flows through the IFA or the MFD channels, between, let us say, the 
top 500 IFAs versus the rest and, not maybe from last two quarters but maybe whatever 
trends you have seen let us say for the past one, two and three years out there? 
Prateek Jain: 
We do not comment on these granular data in terms of our engagement with the individual 
distributors or group of distributors. But I think whatever disclosures are required and 
which are available on the industry or the peers, is made available through our presentations 
too. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure that helps. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Jain from JM financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay Jain: 
Good evening Sir. So I have two questions. Number one, can you please share some broad 
range of yields across segments. Specifically on the equity side, maybe if you can give 
some color on what you are making on the old stock versus what you are making on new? 
Prateek Jain: 
It is in the same range. We earn 75 to 80 basis points on the equity assets. In terms of the 
old one, again it all depends in which asset class, which category, at what time the investor 
has come in. But the good news is that we have almost 30% of our assets which are more 
than four year old now. All the money which could have churned, would have been churned 
by now because the pace of churn has come down dramatically. So this is the asset which 
has continued to yield a good yield for us. However, as we continue to grow from hereon, 
the share of this asset will keep reducing and, hence, there will be a pressure on the overall 
yield. But from a competition perspective, this will insulate us as our yields are not going to 
drop as much as compared to others, because now that the outflows have been arrested, the 
yield drop will not be as significant compared to some of the players, who will continue to 
see this churn happening. The other good news is that because our fund performance has 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
also come significantly up the curve. That will also arrest the churn and, also, we will see 
some decent amount of inflows back into our equity schemes. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood Sir and, about the range in debt and liquid and others? 
Prateek Jain: 
I can share with you that even in the last two years, when this shift of the debt assets from 
credit to a more safe assets started in 2018 September. From that period, if you look at it, 
the average blended yield on the debt would have come off for the industry as well as for us 
by close to about 10 to 12 basis points. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood Sir and, on the second question is on the tax rate. So your listed peers have 
benefited from two things, one on the deferred tax which have been reversed on say MTM 
losses and, number two, the benefit of indexation on the investments, which they receive. 
But in Nippon’s case, we are not seeing any benefit of the tax side, so any comment on this? 
Prateek Jain: 
What we do, and we have commented in the past as well is that, we have created ETR. So 
what is the effective tax rate which would be there, not considering just this quarter. The 
accounting standard requires us to anticipate that, so we have not taken the impact. We 
assume that market is going to be flat for the year and, basis that, we have accounted for the 
profit and that is how we have calculated the ETR. What we are assuming is that whatever 
income we are earning, we will continue to earn irrespective of this one time mark-to-
market impact on the equity scheme, because we assume the market will become flat. So 
neither the appreciation nor the decline is being considered, while we are calculating the 
ETR for the full year. Based on that, we are calculating and, therefore the effective tax rate 
is 24%. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood and what about the indexation benefit? 
Prateek Jain: 
From our perspective, till the time we do not sell, or we do not trade, we do not offset any 
kind of long-term or short-term capital gain on our equity investments. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krunal Shah from Enam Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Krunal Shah: 
Thank you Sir. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question. What are the 
blended yields in ETF? 
Prateek Jain: 
ETF would be in the range of 11 to 12 basis points. 
Krunal Shah: 
Okay, done. Thank you so much. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
On one of the previous answers that you gave on your share in gross inflows of various 
distribution channels, if you could also, if you have the data handy, you could also tell us 
your share on gross direct inflows which is like non-distributed and also your share on 
redemptions? 
Prateek Jain: 
Mohit apologies but what has been disclosing in our investor presentation is what we can 
comment on, at this point of time. However, as and when we believe that such data needs to 
be disclosed, we will definitely take up the lead and start disclosing it. But, at this point of 
time, we do not disclose the individual shares of gross flows from particular segments in 
terms of distribution. However, total distributed asset as well as our share of assets from 
IFAs, bank distributors and national distributors has already been provided in our 
presentation. 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood Sir, and the second question is with regards to the operating expense. Now you 
have mentioned in one of your previous responses that there are some increases on account 
of higher activity, etc. So do we assume this is a kind of a new normal and a new steady 
state and if there is any outlook that you want to share for the full year growth and operating 
expenses? That is all from me. 
Prateek Jain: 
From an employee expenses perspective, all was supposed to be accounted in Q1 itself 
because the increments and the provisioning, etc. If you have seen, we have been consistent 
and will continue to be consistent, so this will be the steady run rate unless there is a 
significant change in our profitability. Based on that, if it is a good year, we may decide to 
share some more variable or if it is not a good year, which as you have seen in the past, we 
may work on our variable payout. So that is the one case. But that lever has always 
remained with us and that is completely contingent on what kind of profit we make. But at 
this point of time on our anticipated profit basis, we have already provided adequately, and 
we do not see a significant change in the numbers going forward. In terms of the other 
expenses, there has been a marginal increase in terms of two broad regions. One is the 
marketing spend. We will continue to invest into marketing because we are seeing good 
traction and our performance has been good and, these are the right times for an investor to 
invest. So obviously, we will reach out. We have seen good traction of new investors 
coming in and, therefore, we will continue to invest into the marketing spend and barring 
that, for all the other non-discretionary spend, we will continue to keep tighter controls and 
we will try to see that how much we can squeeze out of it or at least not let them grow from 
here on. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   July 28, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Mohit Surana: 
Okay understood, and just a follow up, do you foresee any seasonality in terms of spends 
across the quarter? 
Prateek Jain: 
As I told you, there are only two things, which we have said in the past, that we will 
continue to invest in the future. So, one is marketing, given the traction and given how our 
scheme continues to do and how we want to spend, so that is one area. The second area is 
digital. We have seen significant increase in the activity on digital and, that is one area, we 
believe that we will keep investing. But in case of all these investments, while as a part of 
conservative accounting we have accounted in the same quarter where we spend, the benefit 
is likely to accrue in future as well. So this is how you have to see and, the details of these 
expenses are also available on our annual report. So you can see that how we have been 
spending and, going forward also, these are the two areas where some higher allocation may 
happen. 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Mahindra AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Good evening. I have one question of the new retained ETF customers that you are seeing 
for the last one year. Would you have a sense of how many of these are starting their mutual 
fund investments through the ETF group or these are largely sort of already existing 
investors and sort of now experimenting with an ETF product as well? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
At this point of time, we may not have that kind of a color, but we clearly see an 
opportunity going forward where we can cross sell and upsell various products. But it is 
very difficult, at this point of time, to give this answer. But our strategy will be to cross sell 
various other products. 
Abhijeet: 
Sure got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today on behalf of InCred Equities that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
