    ETHOS LIMITED
 KAMLA CENTRE, SCO 88-89, SECTOR 8-C 
                                                                                               Chandigarh-160 009 INDIA 
                                                                                                                            Phone : +91 172 2548223/24/27, 2544378/79 
                                                                                          Fax : +91 172 2548302 
CIN – U52300HP2007PLC030800 
PAN – AADCK2345N 
 
__________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 
Plot 3, Sector III, Parwanoo-173 220 INDIA 
Ref. no.: Ethos/Secretarial/2022-23/23 
 
Dated: August 4, 2022 
 
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 543532 
 
 
Trading symbol: ETHOSLTD 
  
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated July 25, 2022 intimating the schedule of the conference call for Friday, 
the 29th day of July, 2022 at 3.00 p.m. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call, held inter alia to 
discuss un-audited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company www.ethoswatches.com. 
 
We would request you to please take the same in your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly  
For Ethos Limited  
    
          
Anil Kumar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership no. F8023 
 
Encl.: as above 

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Ethos Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 29, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th July 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                              
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, ETHOS LIMITED 
                                             MR. PRANAV SABOO - CEO, ETHOS LIMITED 
                                             MR. RITESH AGRAWAL - CFO, ETHOS LIMITED 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ethos Limited Q1FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the belief, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements and not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Ethos, for his opening remark. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you very much, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on the 
Ethos quarter one FY ’23 earnings call. 
 
 
I am joined by Mr. Pranav Saboo, the CEO; and Mr. Ritesh Agrawal, the CFO. And 
we also have SGA our investor relations advisors on this call. 
 
 
The presentation has been issued to the stock exchanges and also uploaded on our 
company's website. So I hope everyone has had the opportunity to review it. 
 
 
First and foremost, I am pleased to share that we have reported one of our best quarters 
for the company recording its highest ever quarterly EBITDA and PAT. I am sure you 
will also note that it is the result of Q1, which in our industry is considered one of the 
two leanest quarters without any major festive period and also not the wedding season. 
Q1FY23 results have fared slightly better even than our best ever festive quarter Q3 in 
FY22 on profitability metrics. Therefore I am sure you will share my optimism that the 
remainder of FY23 will be very good too given the very good start that we have had to 
the year. 
 
 
I am glad to share that after more than two years, the company has witnessed a normal 
working quarter, free of lockdowns and COVID wave spikes. If things continue to be 
the way they are, we are testing to touch great heights in the times to come. 
 
 
Let me give you some highlights of the quarter one performance. You may know that 
the base quarter, quarter one of the previous year, that is FY22 was impacted by the 
second wave of Delta lockdowns. Hence, Q1FY23 growth rates may look amplified. 
Nevertheless, Q1FY23 results by themselves are an outstanding performance. 
 
 
As Ind AS 116 has a significant impact on our EBITDA and PBT, I am sharing the 
highlights of the financials without Ind AS 116 impact to give a simpler view of the 
accounts. I am giving the figures of, Q1FY23 over Q1FY22. 
 
 
Billings increased by 94% year-on-year to INR 201 crore. 26% of the billings in this 
quarter were contributed from exclusive brand watches. Consolidated revenue from 
operations increased by 95% y-o-y to INR 174 crore. Consolidated gross profit, more 
than doubled to INR 54.7 crore and the gross profit margin extended by 300 basis 
points to 31.5%. 
 
 
Consolidated EBITDA increased by more than 7 times to INR 21.5 crore and 
consolidated EBITDA margins expanded by 890 basis points to 12.2%. Consolidated 
PBT increased multifold to INR 19.5 crore. Stock carrying months on sales stood at 
5.2 months in Q1FY23, similar levels of quarter Q4FY22. 
 
 
Consolidated debt has been reduced from INR 60 crore in March 22 to INR 29 crore 
in June 22. Cash and cash equivalence, including fixed deposits stood at INR 307 crore 
as of June ’22. And these will be utilized for the growth of the company as envisaged 
in the IPO in these stages. 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Pleasing as these record numbers are, we are even more excited about the core aspects 
for the current year and the years ahead. As is known, quarter 2 and quarter 4 are 
generally stronger than quarter one and quarter 3 is significantly the strongest of all 
quarters. Therefore, we continue to maintain our view and estimate given earlier in the 
year that the revenue growth in FY23, over FY22 will be as much as 30% to 35%. 
 
 
Our company's longstanding relationships with leading luxury watch brands will 
continue to underline and assist our company's ambitious growth plans and presence 
in India. We also believe these longstanding relationships with the luxury watch brands 
enhance our competitive positions. In addition, we will also leverage our in-depth 
knowledge of luxury watches to expand the market for watches and establish a leading 
presence even in the segment of Certified Pre-owned Watches. 
 
 
Before concluding my part of the speech, I would like to say that our focus going ahead 
will continue to be building our business based on the omnichannel strategy, exclusive 
brand tie-up, a pan India network, watch servicing and after sales service an extremely 
high standard of service to customers, and above all the relationship of trust with our 
customers and with our brands. 
 
 
Now, let me hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Pranav Saboo to share his thoughts. 
Over to your, Pranav. 
 
Pranav Saboo: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you and everyone around you is safe and healthy. 
As Mr. Saboo has already given the gist of our strong quarter one results, let me spend 
some time on the qualitative aspects of the business. 
 
 
We have built Ethos step by step on the back of our omnichannel strategy. Our physical 
presence is leveraged by our strong digital platform with a frequently visited website, 
effective social media communication, a large database of  HNI customers, and an 
active program of a home and office delivery of luxury products. 
 
 
Our digital platform has created a niche in the online luxury watch market through 
various unique value added services, including a highly specialized team of luxury 
watch consultants, targeted content, watch insurance and dedicated after sales service 
to our customers. 
 
 
Our strong performance in quarter one, FY23 is also a result of all of these various 
initiatives. We have taken over the years. Out of the total billings of INR 201 crore in 
quarter one, nearly one-third of our business is now coming through digital medium. 
This itself, speaks about the strength of our digital presence now. 
 
 
Apart from that, we have also made progress in our focus area, which is expanding the 
list of exclusive brand portfolios. Post listing of Ethos, we have added two new Swiss 
brands to our exclusive brand portfolio, Jacob & Co. and NORQAIN. These 
partnerships will unlock access to the brand’s unique collections for Ethos’ customers 
pan India. With these additions, now 35 of the biggest watch brands are available 
exclusively at Ethos. 
 
 
Relationships with luxury brands and their owners typically take many years to develop 
and are difficult to replicate. Our promoters and management team have worked hard 
to nurture these relationships and these two provide a wide mode for our business. 
Revenue from exclusive watch brands also enable us to earn higher margins, improving 
the overall profitability for the company. 
 
 
Our new growth pillar Certified Pre-Owned Watch business also continues to do well. 
We hope to exceed INR 75 crore of business by the end of the year through one lounge 
in Delhi and our website, secondmovement.com. Over the next two years, we will 
expand the footprint along with the website to three to four major cities in India to 
continue driving strong growth. 
 
 
Apart from watches, we had also recently signed up the partnership with Messika and 
Rimowa for retailing in jewelry and luggage segment, respectively. We hope these new 
verticals can act as a future growth driver of the company, along with widening of our 
product portfolio and experience in luxury retail. 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Before concluding, let me summarize our strategy. Going forward, our focus will 
continue on adding larger flagship stores complemented by enhanced digital 
capabilities. Expand our exclusive watch brand portfolio, improve our market share 
and profitability with focused marketing and cost effective initiators. 
 
 
We will continue to invest in our brand, scale up the Certified Pre-owned business, as 
well as set up a stage of growth for our new jewelry and luggage verticals. 
 
 
With these words, I thank you again for confidence. We now leave the floor open for 
questions and answers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Shyam Garg from Niveshaay Investment Advisory. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Shyam Garg: 
Hello Sir, Thank you for opportunity, Very good set of number. My question is with 
respect to the, what is our revenue mix or what is the revenue that we get from the 
exclusive brands that we have that only we can sell in our outlets. 
 
 
And my second question is, do we have any inventory? Are there any probabilities of 
having any inventory currently or in future? 
 
 
Thirdly, how does a big luxury brands like Rolex allocate their products, the number 
of units. Is it dealer-wise or country-wise? How do they do it? Because there’s a 
shortage of Rolex watches all over the country. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Shyam, thank you very much. Your voice was not very clear. So  I think, I understood 
your first and third questions. I am not sure if I understood the second one. So the first 
question was what share -- what is the revenue share that we get from exclusive brands? 
And the third one was how do the luxury brand allocate their products? If that is correct, 
and just let me repeat again. What was your second question? 
 
Shyam Garg: 
Sir, my second question was with respect to inventory gains. So are there any 
probability that we'll have inventory gains for watches? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Inventory gains? You said Inventory gains? 
 
Shyam Garg: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Let me answer the question. So, in the last quarter, about 26% of our revenue 
came from the exclusive brands. 
 
 
Your second question regarding inventory gains, this really depends on how the pricing 
moves. The pricing of the watches is determined by the brands and typically if prices 
are revised and the brands give the guidance at the MRP, the new MRP is valid for the 
new product. Then to that extent, it would be some inventory gain encapsulated in the 
inventory. It really depends on how the brands determine the policy for their particular 
brand, the pricing policy. 
 
 
And sorry, your third question was about how luxury brands allocate the products. So 
I think different brands have different policies and you mentioned shortages of watches 
in certain brands all over India. This is true, but the shortage is not only all over India, 
the shortage  almost globally, whether you visit some of these brands, boutiques, 
whether it's in a Dubai or Singapore or London or Paris, there are shortages of watches 
across many of the top brands. 
 
 
There are several reasons for this, the most important being that there have been some 
supply side constraints. During the COVID period it was difficult to ramp up 
production. It was difficult to keep up production. And while on the other side, the 
demand for these iconic and luxury brands and watchmaker brands, they have been 
steadily going up as they have become collectibles and pieces that people want to 
collect. So the demand has been going up. The supply has not kept pace completely. 
So there is a shortage globally. 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
The allocation is really a policy that the brand follows. It's not something that we can 
comment on. However, I do want to say that for most brands, India is rapidly becoming 
a high priority market, and certainly we understand that and the brands understand that 
India will be one of the most important markets in the future,.so, it certainly also stands 
pretty much high in the order of importance when it comes to allocation. 
 
Shyam Garg: 
Sir, can I ask a few more questions? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Shyam, may I suggest, there are other questions, so maybe you can come back at the 
end. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Choudhary from Ace Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Prerna Choudhary: 
Hello everyone, first of all, I would like to congratulate you for such an amazing 
quarter, and my first question being, can you give some insights on a new jewelry and 
luggage retailing business. How it has been doing and what is the scalability potential? 
 
 
And the second one being, what is the total working capital cycle in our days for our 
company. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Prerna, thank you very much for you for your nice comments. The second 
question, I am going to transfer that to our CFO and CEO, to answer. The first question 
regarding the new jewelry and luggage business, let me answer it for you. 
 
 
We have signed on Rimova for the luggage, and Rimova, as you know is LVMH Group 
company. It is the best known, the most famous luggage brand in the world today and 
jewelry we have signed on with Messika Paris. I will urge you to check out Messika 
Paris and how well known it has become, especially among the younger generations. 
It actually, was chosen by many many stars at the Cannes Film Festival in 2022. 
 
 
Now both these brands we have signed on, but we are still waiting for stores to become 
available. Rimova, we’re going to start at the Jio World Plaza mall in Mumbai, which 
is expected to become operational in February 2023. And Messika, we will start in the 
third quarter of this year. 
 
 
So the businesses, we are in the planning phase, we are, but they have not yet started, 
so the upside and all the numbers from these two exciting businesses are still to come 
in. These are very exciting segments, jewelry especially. Branded jewelry is booming 
worldwide, including in India. We all know what Tanishq did, how it transformed the 
branded jewelry business in India over the last 20 years from unbranded jewelry, 
jewelry became branded and Tanishq was the one that led that transformation. 
 
 
We believe that that same transformation is going to continue with branded jewelry, 
but this time around with international branded jewelry, the same thing as which has 
happened in so many other brands. So international branded jewelry like Messika is 
going to experience a huge growth, and we are extremely excited to have this 
possibility with an exclusive tie up with Messika. 
 
 
Luggage business, luggage like Rimova.  COVID is over, traveling is back, if you have 
seen how rapidly traveling is growing back again, international travel, business travel, 
holiday travel. I have really no doubt that Rimova itself will be a highly scalable 
business. We are starting with one boutique, but I am sure there will be others to follow 
because we have a large Indian market to cater to. 
 
 
It's difficult to put numbers right now. Let us start, let us see the reactions, but I think 
in the years to come, it's going to be a very significant contributor to the company's 
revenues and profit. 
 
 
I am going to pass the mic on to Ritesh and Pranav to answer the question regarding 
inventory, I think. 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
So our inventory days as of June is 154 days on sales and the working capital days is 
110 days. 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, Hi. Thanks for the opportunity sir and congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Sir, most of the store openings that were part of our issue objects are expected to be in 
FY23. So can you throw some light on the timeline of these openings within FY23? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Devanshu, nice to hear you. If you have other questions, can you put them all in one 
so that we can answer them all? 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure. And the second question is, you mentioned exclusive mix was 26% in base 
quarter. What was this mix in the base of Q1FY21? And if you can provide for 
Q1FY20, then it would be helpful, over the last three quarters. And… 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Sorry, you’ll have to repeat that question. It was not very clear. 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I am saying you mentioned exclusive mix to be 26% for this quarter, Q1FY23. If you 
can mention the exclusive mix for the last two quarters in the base, Q1FY22 and Q1 
FY21. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Right. Okay. 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And third is, you indicated there has been a shortage of luxury brands. So are you 
seeing discounting sort of reducing, for the luxury watches? 
 
 
And last question is, only contribution of pre-owned watches, so what was the revenue 
contribution in this quarter, and how do you see the profitability trajectory as this 
business scales up? So, yes. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Let me answer about store openings and some of the data might,  I'll transfer the 
mic to Ritesh and Pranav. 
 
 
On store openings, we are anticipating store openings starting from the next quarter. 
As I mentioned, a lot of/ not lot of, all the store openings /  new store openings depend 
on the availability and when the malls become ready. So we are expecting Indore and 
we are expecting Ahemdabad, two malls that I mentioned already, Jio World Plaza in 
Mumbai in the fourth quarter. We are informed they are on track, or usually a month, 
or two delay. We are tracking it, and we are hopeful that the store opening that were 
planned for this year we will continue. 
 
 
As far as the discounting is concerned, yes, we do see a steady reduction in discounts. 
So that's a very positive development from the margin point of view and that's one of 
the reasons why you will see the margin improvement. 
 
 
Pre-owned watches, the sale in this quarter was almost was more than 3x of previously 
year same quarter and as I mentioned, the overall profitability and return on capital on 
this business, especially after it crosses a threshold is actually going to be higher than 
the return on capital on of the new watch business and the reason is that obviously it's 
a more efficient business in terms of costs. All the sales that we are doing is coming 
from one store and our website, all the sales that we are doing. 
 
 
Regarding the percentage of share of exclusive brands in the previous quarters, Ritesh, 
you will have the numbers readily with you, can you share them please? 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Sure, sir. Exclusive brand percentage, we need to see from period where, we were 
operating. So, last year and last to last year, both were impacted in COVID. Last year 
was a Delta wave and the FY20 was/ sorry, FY21 was basically into the first wave 
lockdown. So there our revenue from exclusive brand was bit higher, where the stores 
were shut and we were only operating through digital means. 
 
 
Pre-COVID level, if we talk about the FY20, our exclusive brand mixed was 24%. 
Apple to apple comparison that we do currently, our revenue mix from exclusive brand 
is 26%. 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Ritesh, the question was what is the revenue on exclusive brand in the last two quarters. 
We understand it would be higher or can be higher or lower, but please give that 
number, if you can. 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Last quarter, Q4FY22 was 28%. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
28% Okay. 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure, sir. And just a follow-up on this since you mentioned that this discounting has 
been reducing as well as we have been increasing our share of exclusive brands, can 
we expect this 30%, 31% and 12% sort of EBITDA margin to sustain going ahead, or 
there can be some growth investments from this? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So we are/ our efforts are always on to increase the margins. But margin is a result of 
many, many factors. It's already higher than what we had originally projected. You are 
aware about that. 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So, we'd like to believe it is sustainable. We are continuing efforts to continuously 
enhance margins and sometimes it's also impacted by the exchange rate, the volatility 
of exchange rates, pricing policies by brands, availability or watches and so on. But 
overall, I think we can consider that it is a sustainable, largely a sustainable margin 
structure that we have. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Grover from Posco Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Grover: 
Hi, team. Good evening. First of all, congratulations on the good results. 
 
                                                               A couple of questions have already been answered regarding jewelry and luggage. 
What I wanted to understand is you mentioned about flagship stores and going ahead 
with three to four stores by the end of this year, and you mentioned that on the digital 
front you have been doing really well. So is it that you see the flagship stores to be 
more profitable or is it more to create the brand awareness amongst the consumers? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Saurabh, do you have any other questions? 
 
Saurabh Grover: 
No, that's it. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. So happily, I can tell you that flagship store is both of the above. It not only 
creates a stronger impression, not only offers a much greater and a better experience 
for customers but the store economics are also better, and it is more profitable than the 
smaller stores. So, that's the reason why we are pushing for more flagship. 
 
 
Let me add one other reason why flagship stores make a lot of sense, and that is that 
the same store growth can be sustained for much longer in a flagship store. So, when 
you build up a flagship store, it becomes the center of customers’ watch experience 
and then for years, and years and years, we can expect the same store growth to remain 
strong. This is the trend globally, and this is what we have seen in India as well. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal: from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi, good afternoon. So good to see a very strong set of numbers. Sir, three questions, 
quickly. Firstly, on gross margins. I think we're tracking much higher than what we 
have done historically. What could be a reason? As in, obviously presentation mentions 
that our branch share is increasing, but my sense is quarter-on-quarter, it looks like we 
have gone from 28% to 26%, but we still expanded gross margin. So could you help 
me understand this, and bit of long term range, as in / as the previous participant was 
asking that obviously we're all trying to sustain this number, but is it really sustainable? 
That's first question. 
 
 
Second was on same store sales growth. We hardly had any new openings this quarter, 
but it looks like the same store sales growth are very strong, driving overall top line. 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Could you elaborate a bit on, would give some color on whether it’s driven by volumes, 
or sales mix or the watches you offer are better, the demand post-COVID continues on 
luxury items and any other reason you think like? 
 
 
And so, third was on currency depreciation. We saw a very large depreciation of Indian 
rupee versus dollar. How does that impact the business? Those are my three questions. 
Thank you. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Great questions, Rahul, as always. Gross margin, look, as I mentioned, gross margin is 
a result of various things among them, one of them is share of exclusive brands where 
the margin is larger. But here, you have seen an expansion of margin even though the 
share of exclusive brands has actually gone down a bit in this quarter. So clearly, there 
are other forces that always play. A reduction in discount related to the fact that some 
watches, generally in the market there has been a reduction in discount. The days when 
20% and 30% and 40% discounts were been talked about, those are gone forever. And 
that is good. 
 
 
A very, very important part is, the processes that the management team has put in, in 
the purchasing process, the selection of product, they use of data to check what is going 
to sell, what are the preferences? So over the last 18 to 24 months, a lot of work has 
been done in streamlining this process and obviously the quality of the inventory we 
have, the time when we have it, where we have it, that has played an important role 
also in enhancing the gross margin. 
 
 
You mentioned currency depreciation. It is somehow related a little bit to the gross 
margin, as well. As long now, currency depreciation in dollar has been strong, but 
dollar has risen against other currencies like Swiss franc as well. So the currency 
depreciation in Swiss franc has been relatively, low prices have been stable, so this 
usually also helps in gross margin sort of stability. Sometimes gross margin is impacted 
because of these things. Since this impact less, it has remained stable. 
 
 
And lastly, I would also like to say that our merchandising team, they have done very 
great job in negotiating terms with brands, whether it's for specific products, whether 
it is for specific markets or specific campaigns, combined with a very focused 
marketing program. So I think it's a multifarious kind of effort, which has led to gross 
margin, solidifying. 
 
 
 
Your question as to whether it is sustainable, whether it's really sustainable or not, as I 
said already, our effort is not only to sustain it, but to improve it. We can / we will try 
to control and improve all the factors that are in our control. What is not in our control, 
we cannot. But in the past you have seen that when the environment remains stable, at 
that time, you see all the positives coming through as has happened this quarter and I 
am very confident that going forward this is going to continue and we should be able 
to sustain this margin. Same store sales growth, you are right, there has not been any 
new openings and same store sales growth has been high. Again, a lot of it due to some 
of the factors, which I already mentioned, a very great and focused effort of the 
management teams to / on same store sales growth, better merchandising, better 
products, availability and so on. 
 
 
You mentioned whether demand has peaked after, and stayed high after COVID, so 
there has been this tendency to believe that during COVID, demand went up because 
people couldn't travel or people had extra money with them. They didn't know what to 
do. They were sitting bored in their homes. I am not sure if that is true. What I would 
like to believe is this, which I have said over the last 24 or 36 months. India is reaching 
to a tipping point where the income gross,  the GDP, per capita income and the wealth 
of India is reaching a point where discretionary spending is taking off. 
 
 
COVID intervenes, all kinds of trends got mixed up, but COVID has gone. Indians 
have traveled widely all across the world in the last six months and yet we see the 
demand continuing to remain strong. It shows that India is now ready to buy 
discretionary products in the luxury segment. 
 
 
Two other things have happened. More and more, we find Indians preferring to buy 
watches in India. It was the time when everybody said we are traveling out, we buy 
watches. Today, I have, we have calls from friends and travelers almost every week, 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
either they have just come back from traveling abroad or they're already traveling 
abroad and they come back and say, look, always they used to buy outside? Don't you 
think we should buy in India? 
 
 
Of course! Not only because the prices are competitive in India, but also because there's 
so many other advantages. Service is better, you get all the documentations, you have 
trust that everything that you're getting is genuine. The ability to sell a pre-owned watch 
with the right documents, there are at least four or five clear advantages to buying in 
India and customers are discovering it. That's another reason why demand has been 
strong and this is a structural change, Rahul, what I want to mention. This is not a flash 
in the pan. So this is going to stay. 
 
 
And the third thing which I want to mention is clearly Ethos has emerged as the retailer 
of choice in India. We have the largest footprint, greatest digital presence, greatest 
digital and in-store experience. So while Indian demand is growing, it is shifting from 
outside to India, within that, Ethos is the retailer of choice. These are pretty structural 
changes. It's a sangam of three very positive influences, which will combine into a 
powerful engine for growth for Ethos in the years and quarters to come. I am convinced 
about that. 
 
 
Currency depreciation, your last question, I think the writing is on the wall. There will 
be a currency depreciation in the months going forward, but this is no change. You 
look at the last 20 years that Ethos been in business or the last 40 years that I have seen 
in business. There is a depreciation of the Indian rupee on an average 4% to 5% every 
year. Our businesses in India have to factor that in, as we are factored in. It might have 
changes and consequences for one or two quarters, but we are not looking at one or 
two quarters. We are looking at the next 3, 5, 10 years, and we will establish a fabulous 
leadership and a fabulous business over this period, no matter what happens with the 
currency. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it, got it.but just to be clear on the currency part, my understanding is short term, 
if it  the currency depreciates suddenly, our import cost goes up and there is a time lag 
to pass through that increased cost in terms of higher pricing. Is that understanding 
correct? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
That is absolutely correct. That is absolutely correct. So this is the time lag that we 
suffer from in some quarters where suddenly there is a depreciation, the price 
correction takes time to kick in. So during that period, we suffer a bit 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And which is what happened this quarter, right? So should we expect that to happen in 
second quarter? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
It has not happened this quarter. So the currency loss has been relatively small. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it, got it. Thank you so much for answering my questions. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Pranav Saboo: 
I just want to mention what, this is Pranav Saboo, the CEO. I just want to mention one 
more thing regarding exclusive brands. In the last financial year, and last to last, there 
were crippling lockdowns that took place and in our exclusive brands, we were running 
high discounts and high sales with the permission of the brands, of course, and there 
was a sale in these quarters. This year, and traditionally we have always run a sale in 
the month of June and then December. This year, in fact, with good demand and a 
strong position, we decided not to do the sale anymore and to bring down discounts. 
So even though the exclusive brands sale fell down a little bit, it's because we have 
taken a conscious decision to bring down this discounts drastically, which is why you 
see a gross margin increase happening despite house brand sale decreasing a little bit. 
Just to explain the first question, just my view on it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan from Alchemy. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
Hi. Couple of questions. One is, could you just help us understand how we can , I was 
curious about how the ASP has moved, how the average selling prices moved in line 
with our strategy of premiumization in watches? 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Are there any other questions that you have? 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
I also wanted to understand the top five brands contribution, and if you could share the 
Pre-Owned, how much of sales came from the Pre-Owned business? You mentioned it 
went up 3x, but I didn't cash the exact number. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Would you like to,  about ASP, and the top brands and the Pre-Owned business, Pranav 
or Ritesh, would have the numbers more readily? Would you like to answer that, 
please? 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Our ASP is moving upward as, as we mentioned during our last call as well. So current, 
in this quarter, our ASP is INR 1,58,000. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
Got it. In terms of the top five brands? 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
So we do not mention about/- we do not track by brand, but we work with all the brands, 
respective brands work with us. So the brands like, brands from Swatch group Rolex, 
all these brands are important as well as our house brands, which is exclusive brands, 
like Urwerk and many others Bovet  All brands are very dear to us and we track all 
those as an important point for us. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
Got it. And in terms of the Pre-Owned, if you could share the exact percentage? 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Pre-Owned is about 6%. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
Got it. In terms of this store openings, just wanted to get a sense, right? Because we 
currently have 50, we plan to open 3 or 4. Will we be also looking to relocate or move 
some of the older, smaller stores into this new format? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
We are constantly, this is Yasho Saboo here, again. We are constantly reviewing 
locations and yes, we, if leases come to an end, we obviously that's a time when we 
review. And if either we have got a better location or a store is not performing as per 
required standards, then we would close it and shift to another location. It also depends 
on how the market has evolved, whether/ how much of an overlap there is, another 
store. So I don't think there's one reason. There are plenty of reasons why a store maybe 
discontinued or continued. Overall, the direction is to move towards larger store, 
flagship stores and away from smaller stores. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan 
Got it. But then to that extent, our sales will be faster than these store addition per se, 
right? Significantly. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Yes. In a direct logic, yes. But don't forget that our stores also include mono brand 
stores and mono brand stores are typically of the size of 400 to 700 or 800 square feet, 
and mono brand stores obviously don't have the same kind of sales that a multi brand 
store has. However, there's another logic for mono brand stores, so if you really were 
to do a sort of arithmetical calculation, you'll have to separate mono branch stores and 
multi branch stores. And in multi branch stores, the sales will increase faster than the 
store count. That's right. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Stallion Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Yes. Hi, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I basically had two to three 
questions. So just to start with, wanted to broadly understand how does the ROICE for 
particular store work, and given that you'll eventually be moving into expansion mode 
even further, and given that you have a higher working capital requirement that you 
need, so how do you look at the return on capital going ahead into the future? I know / 
I understand that you’re in a growth phase for now, but how do you see this requirement 
of capital and the ROCE evolving as we move forward? 
 
 
The second question was what stops the ultra rich people who come to buy a Rolex or 
a higher end watch, somewhere around Rs10 lakhs, Rs15 lakhs, Rs20 lakhs to not go 
and buy abroad, like, is this the pricing differential? Because a flight ticket is not a 
barrier to them, so what stops them from going to a Switzerland or anywhere else for 
that matter and buy or watch from there? 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
And the third question was, what goes into your understanding of while you’re opening 
a particular store, what goes into your understanding? What do you look  like is this a 
place good for exclusive brand outlet, or is this a place better for a multi-brand outlet? 
So, yes, broadly these three questions. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Right. So return on capital obviously is the final arbiter, right? Everybody's working to 
get a high return on capital and as you very rightly said, in a growth phase, there's 
always a balance between growth and what are the ROCE that you get. However, going 
forward, as was explained in earlier conferences, conference calls, as well as our  other 
discussions, as we go forward, there are several factors and impacts like we have to 
take into account. 
 
 
First of all, the working capital will not grow proportionately. So from that sense, the 
return on capital, obviously, will increase. We are already seeing the impact of margin 
improvement on that. Going forward, as in the previous question/ previous exchange, 
I answered that the store count itself will not go up as fast as the sales is going to 
expand. So again, our expenses will not expand as fast as sales, operating leverage is 
starting to pick in very clearly and then again, we will need to increase the return on 
capital. 
 
 
Finally, let's say a new business like the Pre-Owned watches, I am not sure if you heard 
the first part in the first question itself, where it was that the return on capital on pre-
owned watches was estimated to be higher than other businesses, because it's much 
more efficient. We will  the current sales is being generated from one sport. We  for all 
the business projections that we have, we intend to open only about four stores across 
the country for pre-owned watches in the next two to three years. So again, these are 
impacts, which will have positive impact on the ROCE. 
 
 
So2, I believe that the ROCE will show a steady improvement from here and our goal 
is to become one of the strongest growing and highest paying ROCE companies in the 
retail business in India. It's difficult really to make very exact projections, but largely I 
can also say that for our goals through the IPO, we have enough capital and we don't 
need more capital. We need to invest this capital wisely and to make sure that it leads 
to the desired growth, not only turnover, but also in profit. 
 
                                                               Your second question was about ultra rich and what stops them from going to 
Switzerland and buying. Well, that's what they have been doing for the last 40 years 
and now they're coming back to India, Why? First of all, they're realizing that India is 
as good a place as anywhere abroad to buy watches. Prices are probably less in India. 
They are certainly not more than other markets. The selection of products and brands 
today, which is offered by Ethos is equal to anywhere else in the world. But they are 
discovering the other advantages. 
 
 
 
They can buy a watch officially with all the papers, they can get the watch insured, 
they can show it on social media, the service that we offer today in India, I can proudly 
say, and you can talk to people who have shopped abroad, the service that they will get 
at Ethos, India, whether it's aftersales service, whether it's our white glove service, 
which will deliver the watch to their home, which will pick it up from their home or 
office if they want it serviced, name me one store in a Switzerland or a Singapore, if 
you go to the hotel and you ask, please deliver the watch to my hotel. They are not 
going to do that. So, the service, the respect, the relationship with the customer that 
Ethos offers and the trust and the paperwork and everything being legitimate, people 
and collectors are discovering this. 
 
 
 
Does it mean that there is nobody buying watches abroad? Not at all. There are lots of 
people still buying watches abroad, but gradually these is all shifting, gradually to 
India. So that points to the great potential we have to grow. There're still large number 
of Indians who are buying watches abroad and we are very sure that more and more of 
them are going to buy in India because everything favors buying in India. So I am 
convinced that people will buy, and I am sure you will have friends and family who 
will know, who have traveled abroad, ask them, do they find a difference between 
buying abroad and buying in India? 8 out of 10 will tell you we prefer to buy in India. 
So that is not a worry at all. 
 
 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
And there was a third question which you had, I am sorry, I think I lost it. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
So broadly, instead of the third question, I broadly have this question, like, if I did do 
a back of the envelope calculation, we are selling around two watches per  day per 
store. What initiative is the company or what are you doing differently that this moves 
to a three watched or a four watches per store, because now given that you'll be opening 
less number of stores, the same store sales is the major factor driver out here. So what 
do you think you would be doing differently? 
 
 
And just, just to follow up on the ROCE question, how does the unit economics on a 
second hand watches work, and how do you think this will be a scalable market going 
forward? Thank you. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Vinayak, that's a very detailed question. And perhaps our CFO will be glad to connect 
with you to discuss that. But overall, in terms of driving same store growth, it's not a 
question of doing things differently. We are already doing things differently, which is 
leading to this size. Our omnichannel platform is actually designed for that. It is really 
that. My store is not only catering to the 10 kilometers around that store. My store can 
be catering to 100, 200, 500 kilometers around that store. Not only that, my 20 stores, 
which carry a particular brand, connectively, they cover the whole of India. 
 
 
So it's not that only the store in Chandigarh will supply to a customer who's sitting in 
Jammu. If that stock is held in a store in Bangalore or in a Kolkata or in Guwahati, he 
can very well supply the customer in Jammu sitting from there, or a customer in Kochi 
or in Bhubneshwar can be supplied from a store in Jaipur, depending on where the 
stock is. 
 
 
So this is the kind of optimization that, the omnichannel platform ensures and our 
digital communication and storytelling about the brand, the selection, keeps up the 
interests. Younger people are getting more and more interested in mechanical watches, 
in Swiss watches. Ethos is the best platform to buy it. So I have really no doubt that  
what you mentioned, same store growth, we are already seeing the signs of that, and 
that is going to continue 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. Just one last question, just trying to understand the competitive advantage. 
What stops a Titan to come into a high-end watches, or what stop any competitor to 
come in kind of, not disrupt, but take away a market of their own, because this is still 
a, not a very niche, but it's still a growing segment at a very fast stage. So what stops 
something like a Titan who has experience in the watches and to come in. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Vinayak, Titan is one of the greatest companies that I know in India and I worked with. 
I don't know what stops then, but what I do know in the last 18 years that we have been 
in business, Titan has not been in the high-end business and we have been. So I don't 
know why they can't make it. There must be some reasons, they might have tried. I 
know that they have tried, they had a luxury brand Favre-Leuba, but Titan is a great 
company, but I don't think their focus is luxury watches. A lot of their focus is actually 
jewelry and it takes a different set of skills and attitude and focus to be in the luxury 
business. Titan has been extremely successful in all the businesses they have been in, 
but they're not really adopting the luxury business. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And can you give some light on the luxury… 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Vinayak, there are other people waiting with questions, so if you have other questions, 
maybe you can come back later? 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ekta Sanghvi Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ekta Sanghvi: 
Good evening, thank you for the opportunity.  So, I just had three questions. The 
first one being what can we expect our CPO contribution to the revenue to be in the 
next three years? And also is the margin profile of the CPO business, similar to the 
exclusive brands? 
 
 
And second question is, so how do we decide about the store opening in the Tier 2 
cities? Like, is it that  like this  the cities where the digital demand is high and then we 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
are going and opening stores in those cities, or is there, what is the whole methodology 
for deciding on which Tier 2 cities to approach? 
 
 
And the third one is that also how many retailers of Rolex are there in India and what 
why would we be a preferred retailer of the brand? Because the brand itself has very 
high brand equity. So, what like why would a person not go to any other retailer and 
come to Ethos? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Right. About the CPO business, we expect the,  in the next couple of years, the CPO 
business to grow at close to triple figures, percentage growth. So again, it's difficult to 
put exact numbers over there, but we see an extremely strong growth and we believe 
we will be high double digit or possibly even triple digit growth over the next two to 
three years in the CPO business. 
 
 
The margin in the CPO business is similar, overall, to the business of new watches, 
maybe slightly lower, but the return on capital is higher. The margin per, on the sales 
is a little bit lower than the overall average, but the return on capital is significantly 
better. 
 
 
As far as store openings in third and Tier 2 and other cities, yes, you are absolutely 
right. We use data. We use a lot of data, not only from our own website, the traffic and 
the responses that we get, which is extremely valuable by the way, say which other 
cities that are exhibiting the highest interest in luxury watches. But we also go by other 
data of luxury detail, which are the presence of other luxury brands. 
 
 
For example, if there is a high quality mall coming up, we rely on the research done by 
the mall. A mall is investing thousands of crore to build it and if they have got luxury 
brands, then they have done research and we rely on that research as well. 
 
 
So pretty much our decision on where to open stores is very, very heavily data driven 
which increases the chances that it will be success and a quick success. 
 
 
Your last question was why is it that any customer should come to Ethos, to buy a 
particular brand, which may also be available with other retailers there's not only true 
of Rolex. It's true for so many brands that some other retailers also carry. However, 
there must be a reason why for most of these brands, we are the largest partner for the 
brand and I would like to believe that at Ethos we have grown, well, let me put it like 
this, almost all the retailers who carry other brands of luxury watches, they have all 
been in business far, far, far longer than Ethos. They were in business even 10 years 
before Ethos started. There must be a reason that Ethos, starting from scratch, has 
actually far outpaced and grown and straddled the entire country very successfully and 
I would like to believe it is based on the promise of Ethos, which is to offer the best 
luxury watch products, premium watch products, brand and selections, at a competitive 
price with a 100% guarantee that what you get is genuine, what you get is new, what 
you get is of the highest quality equivalent to anywhere else in the world. That's, I 
believe, the reason that Ethos is a preferred retailer for many, many, many buyers. 
 
Ekta Sanghvi: 
Thank you so much. Just one clarification. So, is it that we have more collection than 
the other retailers on an average? The more selection of the… 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
On an average, yes. On an average, yes. We carry more brands and more number of 
SKU than any other retailer. You can/ you don't have to take my word for it. You go 
on the internet and you check that out. Other retailers also have websites, so check it 
out. What are the number of brands we carry, what is it they carry, how many SKUs 
they carry, visit a store, you know? So yes, it's right. What you said is absolutely right. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta: from Stallion Assets. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Yes. Hi. Just wanted to understand what are you, how are you approaching the luxury 
car business, and what kind of scalability can you look at  out here? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Luxury car business, we are not in that business. So, we are not really approaching that 
business. It is something that we put in our articles as an enabling clause because in the 
luxury business, I think cars is an important part and luxury cars have a certain affinity 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
with luxury watches. People who buy luxury watches are similar to people who buy 
luxury cars. So there isn't really a clear thinking on this yet. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agrawal from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes, just one bookkeeping question. Thanks for the opportunity, again. Ritesh, if you 
could answer what is the absolute number of inventory as of June and what are the 
operating flow for the quarter? 
 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Rahul, our inventory as of June is Rs. 280 crore. And with respect to operating cash 
flow, I will come back to you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Vinayak Mohta: from Stallion Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Sorry, sir. Just one clarification. The 30% to 35% growth number that you have 
mentioned, this includes the second hand or the pre-owned watches segment as well? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
It's the overall number 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Shubham Agrawal from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Shubham Agrawal: 
Hi, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Just one small question. Most of the questions 
have been answered. With respect to the inventory for Pre-Owned, do you face any - 
you intend to grow three  triple digits from here. So how is the supply? Do you see any 
constraints there, need to import pre-owned watches or would all be sourced from 
India? Just trying to get a sense of inventory available to sell? That's all. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Pre-owned watches, Shubham, pre-owned watches, they are sourced from individuals 
in India. We do not import used watches/ pre-owned watches, not one. So that is the 
first question. If there is, in the business of pre-owned watches, I can tell you the 
demand for pre-owned watches is significantly more buoyant than the supply. So, 
there's a huge demand for pre-owned watches and we are gearing up to be able to meet 
that. 
 
 
But it's not only a question of supply, you see. It's important to understand that not only 
do we have to connect with the sellers of the watches, we have to reach an agreement 
with them on prices. Sometimes they have a very exaggerated notion that my watch, it 
is 50 years old and therefore it must catch a very, very important antique price. That is 
usually very often that is not the case. 
 
 
But even more important. We, after we have sourced the watch, the important process 
then starts, which is of checking the watch, verifying that it is a genuine watch, 
repairing, or not repairing, but restoring the watch, which sometimes requires ordering 
spare parts, making sure and testing that it is up to the required standard and then 
certifying it from Ethos. And that is the most important thing because each watch has 
this certification from Ethos, that it is a genuine watch, it is restored, it is in good 
working condition. 
 
 
And after we are done with that restoration, if I put a new watch and a restored watch 
in front of you, it will be very hard to tell which one is a restored watch. The quality of 
restoration is so high. Why I am emphasizing this point is that the process of 
restoration, that is not an automatic process. That has to be done by very skilled 
watchmakers and watchmakers who are experienced not only in one brand. We are 
buying many brands and selling many brands, so they have to have experience across 
brands. This is a highly skilled and technical thing. We have expanded, we have got 
today, one of the, not one of the, the best and the biggest watch service and restoration 
center in India. And we have trained 17 watchmakers for this job And we will need 
more. 
 
 
So actually that is the bottleneck. And as we move on, this capacity will be expanded, 
we will be sourcing more and more using our network of buyers. And we will see this 
thing to grow. 

 
Ethos Limited 
                                                                                                                                            July 29, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Shubham Agrawal: 
Thank you. Thank you. So this, I don’t know, if I can squeeze one question, it wasn't 
coming to me earlier, but what inventory you’d run at for CPO business in general? 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
For what? For pre-owned watch? 
 
Shubham Agrawal: 
Yes, pre-owned, yes. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So, it usually takes about from the time a seller agrees to sell the watch and then we 
need to restore it. It can take on an average four to six weeks for the restoration, but 
after it has been restored and available for sale, typically there's less than one month of 
stock. Watches sell out very quickly after they have been restored. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you very much and thank you, everybody for joining the call. I hope we have 
been able to answer most of your queries. If there are any remaining, please contact 
SGA, our investor relations advisors, and they will surely direct them to us and I hope 
we will be able to satisfy all your questions. 
 
 
Thank you once again for your participation, and I wish you a nice afternoon and a nice 
evening. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Ethos Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
