,~ 
Coromandel ~ 
FUTURE POSITIVE 
Ref. No: 2022-23/51 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: COROMANDEL 
Dear Sir(s), 
Coromandel International Limited 
'Coromandel House: 1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road, 
Secunderabad - 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Tel: 91-40-6699 7300 I 6699 7500 Fax: 91-40-2784 4117 
E-mail: mail@coromandel.murugappa.com 
CIN:L24120TG1961PLC000892 
Website: www.coromandel.biz 
August 4, 2022 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 506395 
Subject 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 -
Transcript of conference call with 
analysts and investors 
In reference to our letter ref. no. 2022-23/044 dated July 22, 2022, intimating about 
conference call with analysts and investors, scheduled on July 28, 2022, we would like to 
inform pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, that transcript of the 
conference call held with analysts and investors· on Thursday, July 28, 2022, has been 
uploaded on the Company's website at https://www.coromandel.biz/investors/investor-call-
transcripts/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Coromandel International Limited 
1 
~Q 
Rajes;~a 
Sr. Vice President - Legal & 
Company Secretary 
{)Y 
• 
murugappa 

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
  
 
 
“Coromandel International Limited's Q1 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
Hosted by Phillip Capital 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
SAMEER 
GOEL 
– 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, 
COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MS. JAYASHREE SATAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR GANGWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE, COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARMISH DESAI – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Coromandel 
International Limited Q1 FY'23 Earning Conference Call hosted by 
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harmish Desai from PhillipCapital 
(India) Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Harmish Desai: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon and welcome to the First Quarter FY'23 
Earnings Call of Coromandel International Limited hosted by PhillipCapital. 
From the management, we have Mr. Sameer Goel -- Managing Director; Ms. 
Jayashree Satagopan – CFO; Mr. Mayur Gangwal – GM, Finance. 
I would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host 
this call. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, 
post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Goel: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks, Harmish for organizing the 
conference call. I'll first give an overview of the business environment 
experienced during the quarter, followed by company's performance and 
then we'll have the Q&A. 
Firstly, to touch upon the global economy. The global economy as all of us 
know is experiencing a slowdown with 2022 growth estimate lowered to 
2.9%, last year it was 5.7% on top of a COVID season. One of the reasons has 
been the tightening of monetary policy including interest rate hike and the 
strengthening of dollar against major currencies have resulted in driving 
inflation pressure across economies. Further, there has been impact of the 
protectionist policy by some of the countries causing supply chain disruption. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
The agriculture continues to be perform well. The food price index remains at 
healthy levels. Of late, there have been slight softening in commodity prices 
from the peak levels. 
Going forward, the geopolitical uncertainty also by the Ukraine war, partly 
COVID flare-ups and the steps taken by various governments, rising 
commodity prices, fiscal stress and monetary tightening can have an impact 
on the economic recovery. It is a VUCA world out there. 
I think Indian economy has still done better. It is progressing well though the 
growth rates which have been slightly revised downwards. Q1 GST collection 
were buoyant at 4.5 lakh crores, up 37% year-on-year. 
India started its vaccination program from Jan 2021 and has now 
administered more than 2 billion COVID vaccinations. With the vaccination 
program having covered the bulk of the population, the economic 
momentum is building up and India is likely to remain the fastest growing 
large economy in the world. 
Major headwinds are around rupee depreciation, inflation around 7%, and of 
course the energy prices which needs to be closely watched. 
Coming to Indian agriculture, as all of us know, the southwest monsoon is 
progressing well and is currently at 111% of the long period averages. There 
was initial shortfall and a rapid rain in the month of June which has actually 
impacted the sowing season and it got pushed outwards. However, there was 
a very strong recovery made in the month of July, especially in the markets in 
which we operate. The reservoir levels currently stand at 155% of long period 
average, last year it was around 143%.  
One good news on the agriculture front is India is feeding the world and the 
agriculture exports is up by 18%, signaling resilience of the Indian agriculture. 
The crop sowing as of 15th of July remains more or less at the last year levels 
with gains in pulses, cereals, oil seeds and cotton. However, there is a shortfall 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
or a delay in planting of rice, which is the main crop for kharif. During the 
quarter, MSP of kharif 2023 was announced which had an increase of 5%. 
Currently, agriculture commodity prices across board remains favorable and 
are operating above the MSP levels, partly also got to do with the demand 
even coming from the export markets. 
There's been increased thrust on the agtech side with industry and 
government working together to promote dissemination of technology in 
agriculture. These are areas like drones, mechanization, new tech fertilizer 
like nano, solar and coated release fertilizer and organic fertilizer including 
SSP is being promoted by the government. 
We will have four consecutive years of good monsoons and with that 
agriculture continues to be a sweet spot in the Indian economy, especially in 
the markets in which we operate. 
Coming to the fertilizer industry performance, Global supply shortage of key 
commodities continue in Q1 and have resulted in higher prices and delay in 
receiving shipments. The industry witnessed higher prices of key raw 
materials due to the supply disruption caused by Russian-Ukraine war and 
also emergence of COVID wave in China and the protectionist or regulatory 
policies being followed in China. However, in the last few weeks, we are 
seeing signs of cooling of some of the raw material prices. The government 
from its side has done well in terms of ensuring that raw material is made 
available, including having certain deals with Russia to ensure at least some 
of the critical raw material is made available to the farmers here and also 
having some long-term tie-ups with other nations to use their diplomacy. 
For the quarter, DAP + complex fertilizer industry primary volumes were up 
by 23%. Currently, it is at 53.8 lakh MT versus 43.7 lakh MT last year. This is 
largely due to the higher Imports of DAP. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
While the government has announced increase in subsidy, there was some 
delay in payments of NPK in Q1 which has impacted the cash flows of number 
of companies; however, urea subsidy has been paid on time. 
Like I said, the NBS rates for '22-23 were announced on 27th April 2022. 
Subsidy approved by the cabinet for India's kharif season 2022 which is the 
period up to 30.9.2022 will be around Rs.60,939 crores including the support 
given to SSP through freight subsidy and additional scope for indigenous 
manufacturing and imports of DAP. This is quite unprecedented as per the 
requirement of the industry. While the full year subsidy budget has been over 
2 lakh crore, the requirement could be 2.5 lakh crores. 
Coming now to Coromandel’s performance, despite all these uncertainties in 
the international market, Coromandel has displayed a strong performance 
during the quarter, registering good growth across the business segments. I'll 
mention this is quite creditable given the uncertain business environment, the 
geopolitical uncertainty, supply chain disruptions and firm raw material 
pricing scenario. 
We registered a revenue growth of 57% during the quarter, driven by both 
nutrition and crop protection business. This was due to also the higher 
subsidy which was available leading to the turnover growth and also in the 
non-subsidized business, we were able to pass-through the raw material 
prices cost. 
Our main aim at Coromandel was that agriculture inputs are made available 
to the farmers in its key operating markets and also continue to promote 
balanced nutrition including organic fertilizer which helps to rejuvenate the 
soil and improves farm productivity. 
Coming to segment performance, the nutrition and allied business segment 
revenue increased by 66% during the quarter. Company's thrust to provide 
specialty fertilizer and greener solution to farmers has gained momentum in 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
the market and have registered a very good growth in both our specialty 
nutrition and organic products. 
On the sales front, in Q1, DAP and complex volumes were at 7.3 lakh tons, 
slightly lower than last year, which was at 7.8 lakh MT. Manufactured DAP 
and complex volume were lower by 10% during the quarter since we had 
deferred some of the sales to Q2, mainly to be in sync with the delay in sowing 
season due to the delay in monsoon in the month of June. Imported product 
volumes was higher by 170% during the quarter. 
Company market share in Q1 for DAP and complex was at 13.5%, previously 
it was at 17.8%, mainly got to do with the fact that the season has got delayed 
in our market. The lower market share also was due to the industry growth in 
DAP. 
In the NPK or complex segment, our market share improved from 27% to 28%. 
Our single super phosphate in Q1 sales was 1.6 lakh MT versus 1.86 lakh MT 
last year. 
Our primary market share was slightly down at 11.9% from 14.3% last year for 
the same quarter. We had some availability and production issues of the rock 
during the Q1. 
Commercial and sourcing teams did very well to ensure timely availability of 
raw material to enable continuous production at our manufacturing plants. 
During the quarter, our DAP and complex fertilizer plants operated at 91% 
capacity and produced 7.9 lakh MT of fertilizer, up by 32%. This exudes well 
for the coming Q2's kharif season. 
Our phosphoric acid production continues to remain high during the quarter, 
with a growth of 27% at 1.12 lakh tons. 
Our key CAPEX projects are progressing as per plan. The work on the sulfuric 
acid plant is progressing well and the commissioning of the plant is expected 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
in Q1 FY'23. This is part of our backward integration and to ensure that we 
have our own sources for raw materials. 
Given the high demand for SSP, the company has enhanced SSP facilities, and 
we are very happy to say that we have restarted the Hospet plant in Karnataka 
and also the plant in Pali in Western Maharashtra. 
We have also taken up production of Kothari plant and 10,000 MT was 
produced during Q1.  
The merger of CSQM into Coromandel has been completed during this 
quarter. With this, the business of CSQM has been fully integrated with our 
specialty nutrition business and we are looking forward to building up both 
capacity and also having a common warehousing. 
Our technology team is working on new tech products like customized 
fertilizer and nano to enhance the productivity of nutrients. 
We are expanding our network of nutri clinics which are supporting the 
business in promoting balanced nutrition and market development initiatives. 
For our specialty nutrition business, we have conducted drone trials for 
spraying application and the results have been very positive. 
Coming now to the crop protection side, our crop protection business 
registered a modest growth of 5% in revenue for the quarter with good 
growth coming in from the domestic market. There was some tightening we 
had faced in the export markets. The increase in raw material costs and a lag 
in cost and pricing has impacted slightly the margins during the quarter. 
We are very happy to announce that four new combination products have 
been launched in the quarter; three of these are insecticide and one is a 
fungicide. This is strengthening the company's portfolio towards newer and 
safer chemistry. The initial response has been very encouraging. The business 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
has built a rich product pipeline backed with strong R&D capabilities and is 
partnering with global innovators to further strengthen its product offering. 
On the manufacturing side, CPC plants operated at 60% during the quarter 
compared to 79% last year. We were utilizing some of the products which 
were produced in Q4 of last year. 
Work has been initiated for building a new multi-product plant for 
manufacturing of fungicide at Ankleshwar during this quarter. 
Like in our specialty nutrition, the company has successfully conducted 
spraying activities in the farmer fields with crop protection products and have 
finalized ten products for regulatory guidance. 
Our retail network did extremely well during the quarter with focus on non-
traditional crops and providing all-round agriculture solutions including 
products farm advisory and mechanization service. Business has improved its 
operational efficiency and has leveraged technology to reach out to the 
farmers. 
We are very happy that with the help of technology and better negotiations, 
our retail business has a negative working capital. 
Coromandel continues to invest strategically. During the quarter, we invested 
in a rock mine in Senegal which is Baobab Mining (BMCC). This will help to 
diversify rock sourcing and strengthen our backward linkage. These mines can 
meet one-third of Coromandel phosphatic rock requirements. 
We have also started investing in agtech startups. The first one was Ecozen, 
which provides renewable energy based technological-led solutions for 
agriculture. 
They have installed more than 50,000 irrigation pumps, 350 solar cold rooms 
till date in India and abroad. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
We have also invested in a biotechnology start up called “String Bio” which 
basically uses ammonia and methane to develop fermentation based 
products targeting agriculture, animal, and human nutrition. They have 
developed several ready-to-market biostimulant products. 
As we had mentioned last time, our digital transformation journey continues. 
We have made significant steps in the last one year with the adoption of 
business intelligence dashboards, salesforce productivity tools and robotic 
process automation in our manufacturing and our supply chain which has 
helped to improve processes, efficiency and forecasting capability within the 
organization. 
We are witnessing adequate monsoon coverage and higher reservoir levels 
which augur well for not just kharif, but also for rabi in our key operating 
markets. 
We are ensuring timely availability of agri inputs to the farming community 
through a vast dealer network and our retail network. 
Coromandel with its diversified presence in agriculture value chain will 
continue to provide balanced nutrition and integrated pest management 
solution to maximize farm productivity. 
I'll now hand over to Jayashree to talk about company financials. Over to you, 
Jayashree. Thank you. 
J Satagopan: 
Thank you, Sameer. I will now proceed to provide an update on the company 
financials. As far as the turnover is concerned, the company recorded a 
consolidated total income of Rs.5,783 crores during the quarter vis-à-vis 
Rs.3,686 crores in the same quarter prior year. This registered a growth of 
57% for this quarter. 
Nutrients and Allied businesses contributed to 89% share, the remaining 11% 
comes from the crop protection business for the quarter. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
Company’s subsidy non-subsidy share of business stands at 83% and 17% 
during the quarter, previous year it was 76% and 24%. 
 Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter at Rs.687 crores against Rs.486 crores 
of last year. 
Moderator: 
Ma'am, I would request you to again repeat what you said just now as your 
voice was breaking in the middle. 
J Satagopan: 
On the profitability front, the consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.687 
crores against Rs.486 crores in the last year. 
In terms of subsidy, non-subsidy, the share stands at 78% and 22% during the 
quarter, during the previous year it was 75% and 25% respectively. 
The net profit after tax for the quarter was Rs.499 crores. This is in comparison 
to Rs.338 crores for the corresponding quarter last year. 
As regards subsidy, during the first quarter, company received Rs.136 crores 
towards subsidy receipts. The comparative figures of last year were Rs.493 
crores. Subsidy outstanding as on 30th June 2022 was at Rs.2,731 crores 
versus Rs.1,149 crores during the previous year. 
During the quarter, the company earned net interest income. This income 
excludes the Ind As adjustments of Rs.22 crores vis-à-vis the interest income 
of Rs.12 crores in the same quarter last year. 
The company has maintained its surplus funds in board approved securities, 
and these have been earmarked for specific growth-related investments in 
both organic and inorganic. The company has taken short term borrowings of 
Rs. 1535 crores primarily to fund the working capital requirements. 
On the foreign exchange front, as we have all seen, the rupee remained 
volatile and was in a very broad range of Rs 75.95 to Rs 78.96 to a dollar. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
Coromandel continues to follow a conservative approach in line with the 
hedging policy that has been approved by the board and the FOREX exposures 
have been covered and the portfolio managed well. 
The company has got a reaffirmation of the credit rating from CRISIL at AA+ 
during the quarter. 
We thank you all for your interest in Coromandel and joining us in call today. 
We can now open the session for question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Three questions from me. One, would it be fair to presume that a material 
amount of your profitability this quarter could be attributed to your phos acid 
integration and your sourcing of rock phosphate? The second is if I can get a 
broad split of the inventory as on 30th June 2022 between finished goods and 
rock? And the last, what would be the inventory that may have been 
dispatched before the year-end and which was probably in channel at the end 
of April? 
J Satagopan: 
Thanks, Tarang, for your questions. The margins for the quarter obviously 
have been contributed by the backward integration strategy of Coromandel 
with the PAP plant-I and II at Vizag being fully operational and currently the 
team is also working on additional debottlenecking if possible. While the 
backward integration has given us the fill in the margins, it is also to be noted 
that there are other areas where the company continues its focus like smart 
sourcing where the commercial team has looked into various sources of raw 
materials and ensured timely availability. I think the flexibility that the 
manufacturing teams have exhibited in processing different grades of rocks 
and acids have positively contributed to the margins. This is as far as fertilizer 
is concerned. While we covered a portion of the manufacturing and the 
commercial capabilities of the company, equally, we have seen that the 
logistics and the supply chain team over the last couple of years have 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
managed on reducing the freight related costs. You would see that despite 
the increase in the freight rates that we have seen globally, we've been able 
to sort of manage it quite well. It's a combination of all these including 
tightening up on the fixed costs. All of those helped in Q1. 
Sameer Goel: 
We are also aided by good performance in non-subsidy business. Specialty 
nutrition continues to do very well, organic, and also crop protection. So, all 
this is adding to the profitability of the company. 
J Satagopan: 
I do not have immediately hang of the inventory value between FG and rock. 
The channel inventory numbers, I think we can give it to you offline. 
Sameer Goel: 
But the position is much better than the past year, the channel inventory is 
there, and we are waiting for the season this year. That's going to help us. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a follow up. In crop protection, did we see volume growth in Q1 FY'23 
versus Q1 FY'22? 
J Satagopan: 
Amongst different molecules that we had, in a few of them we have seen a 
volume growth. 
Sameer Goel: 
The businesses like domestic formulations  and India B2B saw volume growth. 
There were some pricing pressure on the export market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sameer, my first question is related to the change in the mix of the business. 
See, normally in Q1 DAP used to remain very high vis-à-vis complex, then last 
year and this year we have seen that DAP volume has been substantial, almost 
50% of what was two years back. So, can you give little more color and is that 
also is helping us in improving our EBITDA per ton? And all the benefit of this 
backward integration that you spoke about, sulphuric, then phosphate, when 
that will start really playing out, and some color, what additional contribution 
per ton we can have? 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Sameer Goel: 
I'll answer your first part on complex. As you know, we are a balanced 
nutrition provider. DAP is mainly high on phosphate and also on nitrogen 
which is in a way not required for the crop and mainly it's a product for the 
North and Central market. Even there, as part of our foray and also as part of 
government to reduce the dependence on imported DAP, they are promoting 
now single super phosphate. The government is also promoting SSP because 
most of its raw materials are available within the country. And that's the 
reason we have seen a spurt in the demand of single super phosphate.  The 
surge in demand has been the pricing cap on DAP for which the government 
wants to ensure affordability to the farmers,  and that's the reason why you 
see the Q1 sales of DAP going up while for us our season will begin now in Q2. 
In NPK, our market share has also improved.  
J Satagopan: 
The second question is in terms of what would be the EBITDA per ton margin 
the guidance that you wanted to understand from us. I think it would be in 
the same range of Rs.4,000 to Rs.4,500 per MT at least for the current year, 
right, because there are several headwinds that the industry is facing, and the 
company is facing. We have seen the raw material prices have been very high 
and of late we are seeing some sort of a softening happening which is 
primarily for urea as well as sulphur.   Phos acid is still high, ammonia is going 
even higher. So, there are quite a bit of headwinds at this point in time. Our 
backward integration will help to offset some of these. Having said that, 
Rs.4,000 to Rs.4,500 is something that we can definitely look at for the year 
and if there is any opportunity, the company will try to see how we can 
maximize and improve it further. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry, Jayashree, my question was I mean the backward integration, other 
process that is sulphuric acid and acquiring a rock phosphate mine, when that 
will start playing out and how much additional contribution can come from 
there? 
J Satagopan: 
Now, on the sulphuric acid plant, it is going to be commissioned in next year 
around the first or second quarter. The plant has been progressing well. Work 
is going on full stream. As we had indicated earlier, the main purpose of 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
setting up the sulphuric acid plant is to ensure supply security, because today 
we are importing, we can't have that high level of import of sulphuric acid into 
the country. Coromandel is a larger importer of sulphuric acid. Therefore, it is 
more of a supply chain security and once we have part of the acid coming 
from our own plant, it will also help us better in negotiation. So, that's the 
way I would look at sulphuric acid plant that is coming up in Vizag. On the 
BMCC mine, as I was mentioning in the last conference, we do take about 
three years for us to get the maximum throughput from the mine. We have 
started commercial production. We have received from them. There is good 
amount of work that is required to ensure there is scale up happening so that 
we can get the maximum out of it. The cost of mining also will be determined 
during this period. So, based on that, definitely, we will get a benefit. But 
more importantly, having our own source of getting rock will also help us to 
negotiate better with the other rock suppliers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vidit from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vidit: 
My first question was on the EBITDA margins of the nutrient and allied 
business. So, there have been companies that have reported numbers who've 
made one-time benefits from inventory that is sold post-March and higher 
subsidies realization on that inventory. Would you be able to quantify what 
the number for Coromandel would be in this quarter and has that driven such 
a high performance in the business? 
J Satagopan: 
In terms of the additional subsidy that comes in from the government on the 
opening inventory, this primarily happens when there is a point-of-sale or the 
final liquidation that happens from the retailers to the farmers. Moreover, 
during the quarter as we read out, the subsidy disbursement from the 
government has been very low. We received somewhere close to about 
Rs.136-odd crores of subsidy only during first quarter. And the revenue 
recognition principles are primarily based on when the sale happen, right. So, 
the sales for all of this happened last year. The subsidy was recognized based 
on last year rate. As and when the POS acknowledgement happens and more 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
importantly the subsidy received from the government, then there could be 
a benefit that will come on account of the channel inventory. Partly it has 
come, partly it will come in Q2 if I were to respond to you. 
Vidit: 
Just in this new MPP plant for which work has begun at Ankleshwar, what is 
the expected CAPEX, and can you just shed some light on over what phases 
and what is the revenue potential could possibly be? 
J Satagopan: 
So, what we are doing in Ankleshwar is we are also repurposing some of our 
existing plants and this multi-purpose plant for three fungicides would be 
operational from the fourth quarter of this financial year. And for this year we 
are expecting between Rs.20 to Rs.40 crores of technical sales from this multi-
purpose plant. The CAPEX is around Rs.25 crores at this point in time. 
Vidit: 
This is for this year itself and are you expanding further in FY'24 as well? 
J Satagopan: 
I've given you the revenue number for this year. As we go along on full year 
basis, the numbers are expected to be higher and there is also opportunity to 
formulate and sell in the domestic market. So, this is purely for the current 
financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishnu Kumar from Spark Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Wanted to understand firstly on the pricing that you mentioned on DAP and 
other NPKs which is causing distortion in the demand structure between DAP 
and NPK. Given this backdrop for the rest of kharif and let's say even for the 
rabi season, would we start switching more production towards these 
products or we'll continue to only be on NPK side because generally we have 
only 2%, 3% of DAPs which we manufacture? 
Sameer Goel: 
Our focus will be on NPK because that's the demand which is there in the 
market. One of the things which we will be doing is to promote the low-P 
grades which the farmer wants. So, that's something which we will continue 
which are also attractive. Some of the grades which are High P, as and when 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
the demand improves, we will be producing. The strategy will be towards 
NPK. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
My second question is in the past you mentioned that if we want to consider 
further capacity expansion in the fertilizer business, we will probably keep 
looking for more sources internationally and probably backward integrate. 
Have you almost reached there in terms of what we want to achieve, and can 
we expect some kind of a further capacity expansion in the fertilizer? And 
also, if there is any large program that you have in the agrochemical, if you 
could help us understand, essentially because we have a substantial cash that 
we have built in, just trying to understand that in the next couple of years 
should we expect the large deployment in both the businesses? 
J Satagopan: 
Vishnu, the focus currently is in terms of three things. One, completing the 
backward integration at Vizag. We've completed the PA. Now we have to get 
SA also completed timely. Second, we are looking at the investment in BMCC 
which is our mine in Senegal and getting the mines fully operationalized, 
because that is going to take some time. We are new into the mining business. 
We have a strong partner there. We will have to see how the mines are fully 
used up and we're able to get the rock supply as we have contemplated. Third, 
we have two JVs – TIFERT and Foskor. There is enough to be done at these 
two entities to ensure that they are fully operational. For some reason or the 
other, they have been facing some challenges either due to availability of raw 
material or some social unrest issues say for instance in Tunisia. The focus is 
to have our people there, help these JVs turn around. So, these are the top 
three priorities at this point in time for the fertilizer business. Having said that, 
there is some debottlenecking opportunities that have been identified which 
could definitely add to our capacity at both Kakinada and Vizag. I believe this 
can come all the way up to 2 to 4 lakh tons of finished goods. And more 
importantly, on the single super phosphate, we have seen an additional 
demand that has been coming in and there we have expanded our capacity, 
moved more into granulation. The new lease facility at Ennore is fully 
operational now. Finally, we have revived the plant which was shut down for 
almost five years. Production has commenced last month. We are also 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
contemplating what needs to be done at our plant at Raebareli. So, the 
strategy is to see how we can provide more of single super phosphate with a 
lot of enhanced nutrition in it. Very recently, our R&D teams have also come 
up with a new variety of activity where it can combine base SSP with say for 
instance nitrogen which can be very helpful for the soil. So, that is also being 
contemplated. So, that's the plan as far as fertilizer is concerned. On the crop 
protection front, work on the MPP has been initiated as per our earlier plan, 
it should get completed in the fourth quarter of this year and will be fully 
operational. The business is also looking into another MPP which would be 
mostly for herbicide. We are currently working on the proposal. There, the 
investment could be Rs.200 to Rs.300 crores. So, that's something that we're 
working on. Apart from this there is also plans to see how we can expand our 
biopesticides. So, we are looking at not just seed but also fruits and also 
sourcing from different markets. So, there is likely to be capacity expansion 
and also some footprint expansion. So, these are the current areas that we 
are working on. 
Sameer Goel: 
And also, to add to what Jayashree said, our specialty nutrition and also 
organic, the whole aim is to strategically instead of relying on grades which 
mainly comes from importing the products from China, we are looking at how 
we can get the full value from these products. So, those plans are already in 
place. We have also put up a liquid fertilizer pilot plant. Initial results are very 
good, and we'll be setting up some new technology products soon as and 
when the trials are completed. So, you watch this space. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
If you could just give us the inventory gain if any this quarter? 
J Satagopan: 
We can take it offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment 
Maanagers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Just two data points. One, you used to give these two numbers, claim pending 
to be acknowledged but pending claims, just these two data points. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
J Satagopan: 
Acknowledged and pending claims? 
Sameer Goel: 
We couldn't get the question properly. 
Resham Jain: 
Just two data points. One is the claims pending to be acknowledged and 
another is acknowledged but pending to be received? 
Sameer Goel: 
This is on the subsidy side? 
Resham Jain: 
Yes, subsidy side. 
J Satagopan: 
The receivable in the channel stock end of June was around Rs.2,000 crores 
because this is yet to be acknowledged. And then on the claims that we have 
made and pending with the government is about close to Rs.500 to 600 
crores. 
Resham Jain: 
Also, ma'am on the CAPEX side, what is the total planned CAPEX for this year 
FY'23? 
J Satagopan: 
In FY’23, we are expecting close to about Rs.800 to Rs.900 crores. 
Resham Jain: 
Is it possible to give a breakup between fertilizer and others? 
J Satagopan: 
Fertilizer would be about Rs.600 to Rs.650 crores. This includes sulphuric acid 
plant, it includes the work that's happening, all the SSP plants and then the 
normal capital expenditure that happens on a year-on-year basis and then 
there is a CAPEX that is being planned for crop protection chemicals, this is 
about Rs.150 to 200-odd crores. 
Resham Jain: 
As the other participant also was asking on the new capacity addition on the 
fertilizer space itself, because what we are seeing since last maybe four years 
the amount of cash generation versus the amount being deployed in the 
business and there has been a continuous cash generation which is in a way 
impacting our return ratios, so if you can just highlight because this year also 
the cash generation versus your CAPEX… you will still generate free cash flows 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
and you already have a large amount of cash sitting on books, so if you can 
just explain what is the thought process on the capital allocation side? 
J Satagopan: 
As I was responding to Vishnu Kumar, our current process is to strengthen 
what we have and until we have further sources for our fertilizer bulk 
business, I don't think it will make good economic sense to add capacity. At 
the same time, debottlenecking efforts are going on, it is not only for the 
granulated products, but this is also for our phos acid plant. As I mentioned 
that could release about two to four lakh tons of additional capacity, that is 
what is on the anvil at this point in time. Having said that, the future for 
fertilizer is also going to be in more novel products; it could be liquid fertilizer 
for instance or nano fertilizer or coated fertilizer. That is where our R&D team 
is currently focusing on. Last year, we had set up a liquid fertilizer plant in a 
small scale and we have had a couple of products that have been introduced 
out of it. We are currently undergoing testing for a few other products and as 
they get approved, we should be in a position to see how we can scale up 
some of these liquid fertilizer plants because these are going to be the future 
products as far as we can see it going. Having said that, on the crop protection, 
there are plans to set up couple more MPPs, and as we alluded in the past, 
we are also actively looking for any inorganic opportunities which would be 
complement to our business. We evaluated a couple of them, doesn't look 
very interesting. We are looking for opportunities in the bio space, not 
necessarily in bio pesticides, but overall as a bio product portfolio. So, these 
are some areas where we are looking at deployment of our capital. As we 
mentioned in the past, from a capital allocation, there would be a bias for our 
growth engines which would be the non-subsidy businesses, namely, crop 
protection, bio, specialty nutrients. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
 One was I was hoping to hear your thoughts on the prospects of these nano 
products that are now hitting the markets. You alluded to it a brief while ago. 
The government seems to have very big plans for nano urea they're talking 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
about potentially using 20 million tons of manufactured urea in India. Do you 
see these products getting a very large scale of adoption from the farming 
community, not just in urea but possibly even in DAP, and is this an 
opportunity or could it also be a threat for established large companies? 
Sameer Goel: 
I think it’s a very good question. It's early for nano and particularly what has 
been introduced in the market. Obviously, the trials are going on. It also 
requires selling to the farmers. On our side, we have developed through our 
research and development network, our own nano DAP, and this is as part of 
the registration process will be given to the government. Now it's getting 
evaluated there. The research which we have done in the universities now 
look promising. Particularly in areas where they just introduced a rational use 
of both urea and phosphates as such. We do not see this as any threat and 
this is not just nano, as Jayashree was alluding to, we are looking at coated 
fertilizers, we are looking at slow-release fertilizers which we have already 
done successfully in our business. The whole idea is to have more crop and 
profitable and this is what on liquid fertilizer also. Now, quite frankly and we 
have a full agro team which works with the farmers. The way it looks like is 
the farmers think it's only bulk fertilizer and mainly given through…and I will 
come to that separately, but maybe given through the roots which helps the 
plant. We have seen with our products and especially with the new products 
that we're launching that when you do a foliar spray and I am practicing in 
farm myself, the absorption is almost as compared to given in the roots as 
much as 70% to 80%. For example, just a case of point is in zinc, we used to 
give what is called zinc sulphate to the soil as a micronutrient and there the 
absorption, which is widely used in the industry, the absorption is only 5%. 
While our Novozin and our products, the absorption when we give the foliar 
application is almost 70-80, and that's what Jayashree was alluding to, is the 
new generation products which will help us to get the next level of green 
revolution, and this includes of course integrated form of practice. But what 
it requires is to change the concept of how the farmers look at things and 
there we are also working on application technology. And that's why we 
mentioned that we are looking at how we can use drones for both our crop 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
protection and also specialty nutrition and the trials have been quite 
successful. We are going to scale it up and looking at even investments on 
that account. With our Yanmar products will be used, site transplanters, we 
are developing coated fertilizers which are biodegradable so that they can go 
into the rice transplanter which is the application to drive next to the roots. 
And again, the absorption is very, very high. So, that is something which the 
Indian agriculture or fertilizer has to move. And like I said is that we have the 
largest range of grades, we have now grades which is crop specific because 
it's like any human nutrition, each person doesn't require the same type, but 
the basic needs are there, but then it is the secondary and the micronutrients 
which will make all the difference. And that is something which we are 
working towards with the agro team. I mean, recently we are going to even 
get into urban gardening and specialized grades have been developed into 
that. And we have grades which are crop wise to help to get better 
productivity from crops. So, I hope that answers your question. We can also 
take it offline. 
Abhijit Akella: 
The other one was just with regard to the investments in the couple of 
startups that we have made. I was just hoping to hear your thoughts on the 
opportunities you see for these fledgling companies and what excites you 
about their prospects? 
Sameer Goel: 
So, the way we have done it is, we have set up our investment arm called Dare 
investment to basically look at startups, because it requires a totally different 
evaluation. We are very pleased to invest in two such start-up companies in 
the beginning. One of the companies which is Ecozen is into better energy 
providing and even use of what is called alternate because they basically use 
solar energy, which is actually available in the market here, develop what is 
called solar power cooling systems which are highly comfortable and they are 
both in India and can be exported also, very low-cost solution for the farmers, 
but technologically superior. Now this will definitely help in post-harvest 
which we have seen, and we are already looking at putting in our retail 
network to help the farmers, especially those who have perishable crops or 
even into flowers and other things. At the same time there's opportunity for 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
these to be used in a neem collection, which we do from the forest, so that 
the shelf life of the product by the time it reaches the manufacturing plant is 
maintained. So, watch this space, these are technologically superior products. 
Same thing is this thing with string bio which are into fermentation 
technology, which is what we do with the bio products. And the good thing is 
they use ammonia and also methane to produce products for agriculture, but 
also for human and animal consumption. And some of these products are 
really superior. They have international tie-ups also. So, definitely on the agri 
space we are looking at how we can partner with them to help them to market 
their products. So, watch this space, there will be a few more which we will 
be doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the crop protection side. so, you did mention that slightly 
lower realization on the export front, pulling down the overall revenue 
growth here. If you can broadly highlight, what could be the domestic 
growth? Where I'm coming from is we had done a good amount of new 
product launches and expanded the distribution network. So, is this just a 
quarterly phenomenon and probably because of the delayed rain or how 
should one look at it? 
J Satagopan: 
Ankur, as far as the export is concerned, there were some pricing pressures 
on mancozeb. So, what we have done is two things. We said we will not be 
reducing our margins in selling in some markets. So, that has led to a 
reduction in volume in export market. Having said that, the domestic B2B has 
been robust and more importantly the formulation. The new products that 
we've been introducing in the last couple of years have actually helped gain a 
good amount of momentum into domestic market. This year also four new 
products have been launched and that is actually helping us in achieving the 
volumes in the domestic market. In the first quarter the new product 
introductions have happened only in June. We expect a good traction for it in 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
the coming peak season. That should help pull up the volume growth for 
domestic formulation. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, from a full year perspective, our earlier thoughts of maybe a high teen sort 
of a growth here. Is that thought intact despite slightly slower? 
J Satagopan: 
Yes, yes, that is intact. I should also tell you that as we have seen pressure in 
mancozeb pricing, this also happened because there was a cost increase in 
the raw materials, especially CS2 and EDA. We are seeing those prices cooling. 
The team has proactively worked with the customers globally and they've 
taken some pricing actions in the market. So, all of this should help as we go 
along. The new technical plants that are going to come up in Ankleshwar 
should also contribute additionally to the revenues during the year. And as 
estimated in terms of high teen growth holds good for CPC. I don't see a 
challenge there. 
Sameer Goel: 
One of the things we are leveraging is also now is to leverage our distribution 
network in fertilizer and specialty nutrition to get gain for the traction for the 
crop protection business, especially in the domestic market. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And which is where we are sort of guiding a strong growth there, aided by the 
distribution network? 
Sameer Goel: 
Yes, absolutely. At the same time, we have placed people in export markets, 
and they are working with the customers and also crop wise solutions for 
these markets so that we reduce our dependence on the traded and create 
our own brands also. It takes some time but that's something which is there 
so that we are not dependent on customers who then can switch but created 
our brands in the export markets. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Second, a bit on the fertilizer side. Where I'm coming from is your guidance 
of around 4,000 to 4,500 EBITDA on a per ton basis. So, two questions there. 
One, as I understand in the initial comments, we did highlight full benefit 
coming in this quarter on the phos acid side as well as some sourcing led 
benefits which were in this quarter. So, were these benefits especially in the 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
sourcing side one-time in nature and hence we are still maintaining our earlier 
guidance of 4,000 to 4,500 because if I do my back-of-the-envelope working, 
our margins even if I adjust for the inventory gain is still much higher versus 
what we do last year on a year-on-year basis. So, just wanted your thoughts 
there. 
J Satagopan: 
Yes, Ankur, you're right in a way. Given a lot of uncertainties in the way the 
RM prices are behaving, right, we're not too sure how the second half of the 
year is going to be. Added to it, the NBS rate that has been announced by the 
government is only for the kharif season. If there's any cooling in raw material 
prices, we will also see corresponding reduction in the NBS rate and subsidy 
realization. So, factoring in all of this for the full year, I think this 4,000 or 
4,500 would be a good estimate. But as I mentioned earlier, the intent is to 
see how to grow it, and that's where all these measures in terms of backward 
integration, cost optimization, digitization, automation, everything comes 
into play. So, there could be definitely an upside, but at this point in time it is 
a cautious approach, because there are too many unknowns.  We never 
expected raw material prices to go this crazy last year and it continues to be 
high except for a couple of commodities wherein we are saying that anything 
will happen. Still the Russia-Ukraine crisis going on, we don't know how the 
ammonia prices are going to be for the rest of the year and therefore, I think 
it is prudent to assume 4,500 at this point in time with definitely opportunities 
that could be there for further margin expansion. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just one clarification if I may. Sameer sir did highlight towards the nano 
fertilizers as well as the pilot that we are doing on the liquid fertilizer front. 
Just trying to understand from a timeline perspective, is it something that one 
should look forward to maybe in the next one, two years or it is more medium 
to longer term thought or investment opportunity there? 
Sameer Goel: 
So, the liquid fertilizer plant is already over. We have introduced this product 
in the market and the traction is very good. And it's a multi-purpose plant, so 
even nano can be made there. The whole idea is that as we find traction, we 
will then scale it up on that count. So, when we talk about it, I think no. As far 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
as the nano is concerned, we have filed the application and waiting for the 
approvals for that. But it's a different way of approving nano as compared to 
what it was. 
Ankur Periwal: 
How much time does it take to set up a liquid fertilizer, so theoretically if you 
want to scale this up to a bigger plant? 
Sameer Goel: 
We did the pilot and the technology team did very well in setting it up within 
nine months period. I think then it's a question of how much scale up we want 
to do. We will obviously do it in stages. So, it's not something which is very 
difficult. We know the technology and we have proven that we can produce 
very good products. 
J Satagopan: 
The first pilot plant that we set up for liquid fertilizer took us about nine 
months or so and we plan to set up the future plants on a modular basis. So, 
as we get the new products approved, we don't see it as a challenge. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sameer Goel: 
So, firstly, thanks everyone for joining in. Appreciate your interest into the 
VUCA world. But I think what is very helpful is that the monsoons have so far, 
and we still have to wait for the August month, but so far have been very 
good. This will also help the reservoir and also flow of water through the 
channel and also will help the rabi season. I think Coromandel is also with the 
government in meeting the requirement of the country to make fertilizer and 
agri input products available to the farmers in the crisis, which is happening, 
got to do with the war which is there. And there our procurement and our 
manufacturing team have done exceedingly well to make availability which is 
the key to the farmers. The good thing is with our diverse portfolio and also 
with crop-specific products, we are able to then manage on how to meet the 
demand and the needs of the farmers to promote balanced nutrition. And the 
investment which we have done in backward integration like we see is paying 
dividends to that extent so that we are not dependent. 

  
Coromandel International Limited 
 
July 28, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
And overall, I would like to compliment everyone in a crisis like we are in 
globally, I think India and the government across whether it's the center or 
the states have done exceedingly well not to have the type of food crisis which 
our neighbors are facing. So, just a compliment to everyone. I think as Indians 
we should feel very proud of it. It's now 75th year of Independence. All the 
very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
