 
 
 
 
 
 
August 4, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532531 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: STAR 
Dear Madam/ Sirs, 
 
Sub:    Earnings Call transcript pertaining to Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022 
 
Ref: 
1) Earning Call held on July 29, 2022 pertaining to Unaudited Financial Results    
  
    for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 
2) Earnings Call audio shared on July 30, 2022. 
 
With reference to the above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on July 29, 2022. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.strides.com/investor-annualreport.html  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
 
For Strides Pharma Science Limited, 
 
 
 
Manjula R 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
Manj
ula R
Digitally signed 
by Manjula R 
Date: 
2022.08.04 
18:09:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Strides Pharma Science Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 29, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
1. MR. ARUN KUMAR  
– FOUNDER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
2. MR. BADREE KOMANDUR  
– EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FINANCE & GROUP CFO 
 
 
ANALYST:       
 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL  

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Strides Pharma Science Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you, and over to 
you Sir! 
Abhishek Singhal: 
A very good afternoon and thank you for joining us today for Strides earnings call for the 
first quarter ended FY2023. Today we have with us, Arun Kumar(Arun) – Founder, 
Executive Chairperson, and Managing Director, and Badree Komandur(Badree) – 
Executive Director (Finance) & Group CFO to share the highlights of the business and 
financials for the quarter. I hope you have gone through our results released and the 
quarterly investor presentation, which have been uploaded on our website as well as the 
stock exchange. The transcript of this call will be available in a week’s time on the 
company’s website. Please note that today’s discussions may be forward-looking in nature 
and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this 
call, in case you have any further questions please feel free to reach out to the investor 
relations team. I now hand over the call to Arun to make the opening comments. Thank 
you. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you Abhishek and good evening, everybody. Thank you for taking time today to 
what is otherwise a busy earnings day in the industry. I like to start by saying that we 
strongly believe that we have come back with momentum in terms of not only a course 
correction but also progressing towards building Strides into a profitable operation during 
the course of this financial year. We have had one of our most important quarters in terms 
of revenue growth and had that continued success with the US business although we had an 
adjustment of close to about $5 million in sales, our US business adjusted is now at $51 
million for the quarter run rate and we are confident of growing significantly from there on 
Q-o-Q basis led by important product launches, almost 15 additional products are expected 
to be relaunched between the Endo acquired portfolio in the Strides portfolio including 
important approvals what we expect in a few weeks from now that will further aid the US 
growth and consequently reaffirm our $250 million US revenue guidance. All our 
businesses have since recovered outside of the Chestnut Ridge integration that we are still 
working on. We got possession of the facility on announcements, but the business transition 
only completed on July 21, 2022, contractually, and we are now in the process of securing 
business, and bidding for new contracts, and we expect H2 to be strong performance 
quarters for the US business. Other businesses while they grew in constant currency, we 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 14 
have challenges considering that the currencies we operate from ZAR to AUD to Euro and 
the Pound were weakened currencies and continue to see headwinds, but nonetheless, we 
believe that the business is on solid footings. We have over the quarter taken very strong 
measures of combing our business in terms of cost structure, profitability and portfolios, 
SKUs, other line items, and we are very aggressively focused on improving our cost 
structure, and some of that is already playing through. We grew 9% Q-o-Q but we had no 
increase in our opex which is great. Our salary cost is slightly elevated because of the 
addition of the Chestnut Ridge employee cost, but we believe that there would be a further 
improvement as we focus on optimization, which is an ongoing process. We have also 
improved our supply chain significantly, resulting in lower logistics costs, and 
consequently, we believe there would be more uplift in the quarters to come. Our business 
in the emerging markets delivered the strongest quarter supported by strong institutional 
business. It has always been lumpy as one would understand the nature of the business. But 
our branded Africa business continues to perform quite spectacular I must say, and we seem 
to gain important market share in the markets that we operate. 
 
Coming to our other regulated markets, we have been flat in terms of growth but like I said 
it is mainly to do with currency adjustments, and we are progressing on taking off certain 
lines of businesses that do not make sense, and some of those costs have been incurred in 
the quarter but as quarters go by we will see improved opex leverage. We continue to stay 
invested with a guidance to reduce debt by 1000 Crores. We expect a significant part of the 
debt reduction to happen in Q2, we now have more clarity around our requested prepayment 
from our partners in Australia, and we are also very confident that our improved opex 
leverage, our inventory management will result in free cash generation, and also we have 
taken various other corporate actions that will result in achieving this target, so there is no 
change to that overall numbers that we indicated earlier. In regards to our associate 
company Stelis Biopharma Limited (Stelis) , we received an important EU-GMP 
certification for our two biopharmaceutical facilities. Although we have consolidated a 
fairly significant operating loss from Stelis, this is what we do with the nature of the 
business, we continue to secure customers and receive advance payments and sign 
contracts, but it is a function of invoicing and revenue recognition as per agreed CDMO 
norms that you see a disconnect between cash collection and invoice, this will continue to 
be the case even in Q2, but we will see an improved operational performance in H2 from 
Stelis. We are very excited about the new customers that we have onboarded, so we now 
have 14 customers in all since our inception in the last 18 months as a CDMO company and 
we hope that with recent EU-GMP approval we should have biological approvals within 
this financial year for the first product in the US and EU. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
We continue to have our issues with Sputnik, unfortunately, we have not found a resolution 
in spite of our best efforts with regards to our disposal of 23 million doses that are in 
inventory, these doses currently have still good dating and we have given ourselves this 
quarter to find solutions both with RDIF and with the help of the Government of India. 
There are no efforts spared to try and secure markets and opportunities for Sputnik given 
the situation in Ukraine and Russia and the sanctions all of this is negatively impacted our 
ability to dispose of the stock that we have in hand, but we are pursuing all opportunities to 
ensure that we find good outcomes. Our own vaccine the AmbiVax vaccine which is our 
protein fusion vaccine to COVID, we got great outcomes with no significant safety issues 
and >90% seroconversion, we have now submitted all the relevant data to the FEC for 
approval for emergency use in India and then we will focus on building a booster study 
program as we believe that COVID although flu-like these days is here to stay and there 
would be opportunities for unique new vaccines that have been developed. With that my 
colleagues and I are more than happy to take questions and like always if some of you 
would like to contact us separately, we are always available to take your calls. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Vinay Bafna from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinay Bafna: 
Thank you for the opportunity and good afternoon, everyone. My first question is on the 
institutional business we have seen a very healthy jump sequentially, on your earlier 
presentation you just mentioned that there is a healthy ramp up from offtake from one of the 
partners, could you probably give some more color into which therapies are supporting this 
business and what could be the study run rate for this business? 
Arun Kumar:  
The institutional business as we know Vinay is very tender driven; we are qualified supplier 
to the global drug facility and to various other organizations that finance these programs. So 
we have been a little more aggressive than we normally are because the institutional 
business may not be extremely profitable but it does take care of significant under 
recoveries and cash flows. So, we have taken a position to be aggressive in this business. 
We will continue to see growth but there will be lumpiness because it is not often that you 
get such large contracts. Last year we did about less than $30 million to $40 million of 
antiretrovirals we believe based on a run rate we will do a lot more and that is mainly as we 
see the market being reoriented not only from a risk perspective to various alternative 
suppliers, but also as dominant players would have defaulted with supplies. So, we are now 
getting more and more focus on this busines, practically it is an important business for the 
reasons I explained. I think we will see growth in this business, but there could be 
lumpiness Q-o-Q. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Vinay Bafna: 
Very helpful. I understand the tender business is under the contractual and generally when 
you get a contract how long does it last six months, five months, we have some visibilities 
on it correct? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, so typically, you are contracted for a certain volume of the total offtake, typically 
being a Fringe player, we would not get larger shares, so for example if the total 
opportunities of billion dollars and the top three players would typically take 70% to 80% of 
volume. We will probably be in the Fringe remaining set of companies that get the balance 
of the opportunity. We have just been a little more aggressive there, so typically we have 
contracts visibility for long 12-month period, the current contracts that we have will ensure 
that we have at least 35% growth over the previous year, but I cannot give you more 
specifics on which quarter but yes on an annualized basis will be about 30%, 35% more 
than what we did last year. 
Vinay Bafna: 
Understood. That is very helpful Sir. Two questions on the US business, so in this quarter 
we have done $46 million, if I take into account a spillover of approximately $51 million 
our target for the year is 250, so that is giving us a run rate of 65 to 70 odd million in the 
next three quarters, how do you see this ramp up shaping what kind of product launches or 
any specific opportunity important opportunity which you want to highlight it would help us 
bridge the gap? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, like I said lot of our sales is based on the Endo portfolio that we acquired. We took 
possession of the front end marketing of the Endo product portfolio on July 21, 2022 and as 
we were transitioning this business from Endo to Strides. You obviously serve notice to 
your customers and then you have to re-bid, so we are in that process and because these are 
quite unique products there are not many players we are very confident of regaining the 
market share the sellers had in our products but this is a process which will take couple of 
weeks before we get the contracts. Outside of that we have like I said about 15 launches or 
relaunches this year that is either because we got into cost leadership in certain products or 
that we have managed to get approvals for CB30’s based on the kind of interventions we 
were doing to ensure that we are competitive .So we have about including some important 
approvals in the next couple of weeks, we would have about 15 additional products to be 
launched in the three quarters remaining. 
Vinay Bafna: 
What I understand is probably Q2 would be step up from what Q1 will be, but big jump is 
going to come in H2 of FY2023 would that be a correct assumption? 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, there would be significant step up in Q2 also but it will not necessitate a massive step 
up in H2 but it is more skewed to H2 simply because of the reasons that I explained to you 
in terms of the re-launches. 
Vinay Bafna: 
okay, got it. Last question is on the COVID vaccine so both AmbiVax and Sputnik, do you 
really think it is a very big opportunity there in the future for these kind of vaccines and 
especially considering the cases which are receiving a rather resilience which is building up 
within people as well as the hesitancy to take the vaccine? 
Arun Kumar:  
A lot of valid points, the only advantage on Sputnik for us we are a CDMO for Sputnik, we 
have no rights to market the product as you know those rights in India and other markets 
stays with Dr. Reddy’s, so, I cannot comment about Sputnik. I am just a contract 
manufacturer for them. But AmbiVax is the first thermostable vaccine and therefore it is 
very important from a logistics standpoint. This is positioned as a low cost vaccine 
predominantly for the African markets and even if 5% or 6% of the global population needs 
vaccine or a booster every six months, the opportunity is not in the magnitude of what we 
saw in the several waves of COVID but there are always opportunities. Are we banking big 
bucks on this, the answer is clearly no. 
Vinay Bafna: 
Okay, Sir it is very clear. Just last bit on Sputnik, so in your statements you were saying that 
in this particular quarter we are looking out for some kind of a way out of solution for the 
Sputnik inventory which you have in your book, what could be your potential write off on 
these inventories that we have today may be two, three quarters down the line? 
Arun Kumar:  
We cannot get into specific, it is a little too early for us to do that, let us complete our 
exercise this quarter, we do not want to be giving you numbers that gives us a distress 
position for us to undersell the product. We think the product is extremely valuable as it is, 
so we can speak about this in more granularity in our next quarter results. 
Vinay Bafna: 
Thank you so much. This is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just on the US base it has been very steady for the past two 
quarters and despite the price erosion you are not changing much, so what is it that is 
benefitting Strides in particular if you could elaborate? 
Arun Kumar:  
We have gone back to our previous strategy of focusing on products which are profitable 
where there is a low competition, remember we now have 250 approved ANDAs; we have 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 14 
only commercialized about 50 or 55 of those products in the market today. We do have the 
luxury to pick and choose the product and the timing of our launch. It gives us the steady 
uptake and also ensures that it improves our gross margins because these products are 
significantly more profitable than the commodity products. So, we think we have another 
50, 60 products in our portfolio that will meet our criteria of gross margins that we would 
like to be in the US. Every time we have launched three or four products per quarter the 
base which is not so great in terms of size gets more and more prominent. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it and with the addition of the step up in the US base in the second half that is nearly 
driving the operating leverage as well so that will be good margin, is that the case or you 
would be more or less similar on EBITDA margin? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, right. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
With respect to Sputnik, as it was alluded earlier, the contract was such that if the 
commercial scale up is being done then the product sale was very much sure irrespective of 
whether there is a success for that vaccine or not, was that a clause for our contract as well 
or this is a risk which we took in anticipation of better business outlook? 
Arun Kumar:  
This is contractual for all the partners that engage with on the Sputnik program that there is 
a guaranteed uptake and that is what we are now battling with. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it Sir but unfortunately that is not happening, so is it getting into some legal tussle or 
something like that or it would be mutually resolved? 
Arun Kumar:  
Well I think the first task is to mutually find solutions which is what we are doing, we are 
very engaged with our partners to find solutions and not that that we are not trying, we have 
also engaged with the Government of India to try and help but for now we are more focused 
on finding mutually satisfying solution which is what we said that in the next three months 
we are going to focus on. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks a lot that answers my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good evening and thanks a lot for taking my question. Firstly on the US business this 
quarter gross margins are in line with the last quarter while I think we also had the 
aspiration of at least reaching midway of where we were before the fall which was around 
60% and between 50% and 60%, so do we see any upside on that, so that is question 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 14 
number one, secondly on the debt reduction part we have an aspiration of delivering 1000 
Crores, so out of this around 500 odd Crores will come through the Australian partner, what 
is the remaining 500 Crores and how are we planning that given that we are also sort of 
making losses in the study business where we might have to fund them more, these are the 
two questions? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, so we do not give regional wise gross margins, your first question really does not add 
up because we do not give gross margins by regions. On your second point there are certain 
refunds and the Australian asset together is a little more than 650 Crores that we have 
already secured and the balance 350 Crores comes from opex leverage because if you recall 
in Q4 sitting on significant amounts of inventory considering that we had a sharp drop in 
our sales in the regulated markets because of COVID, now a lot of that inventory is getting 
moved out consequently our working capital will commence to reduce from Q2 and Q3 
leading to a final outcome of 1000 Crores that we have agreed. There is also some corporate 
actions around network optimization which will be completed by September but we are now 
very confident of getting to the 1000 Crores debt reduction that we have communicated. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
On overall company basis earlier we used to be around 60% and now we made like 50% 
this quarter, so is there and aspiration to reach 55%, do we think that is achievable or is this 
50% a new norm at the company level? 
Arun Kumar:  
No, it is not new norm, remember that there has been a significant growth in the 
institutional business which does not deliver 50%, so if you do an adjustment for that 
business where the gross margins are significantly lower almost half then actually there has 
been gross margin uptake for the rest of the business. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay and do we see further upsides to this as far as US business is concerned? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, we will. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Any guidance you would want to give for your other regulated markets US you have said 
$250 million in FY2023, but the other important piece is the other regulated markets? 
Arun Kumar:  
In the last two years we have been trying to make a lot of noise about the other regulated 
markets but nobody seems to be very excited everybody is fixated about the US, so that is 
why we give a number for the US and this was that we are more excited than all of you are 
and we continue to grow but at this stage we refrain from giving a guidance. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood Sir. Thank you and all the best. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. In the presentation you talked about cost reduction being a 
major plans for this year, this quarter we still have reasonably high fixed cost in terms of 
staff and other expenses put together higher Q-o-Q as well as sequentially on a Y-o-Y 
basis, how should we look at this staff cost as we go through the quarter? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, so the staff cost has got a certain element because we have had some high level exits as 
part of our reset strategy, consequently there were certain costs associated to those actions 
which is a one-off cost. Also in terms of our transaction accounting on the Chestnut Ridge 
facility we have certain benefits related to employee cost in the last quarter which is now 
normalized. So you should assume that including the typical increments and variable pay 
that we should be able to contain the spend at same or slightly lower than this number going 
forward throughout the year, that is how you should look at that. As far as opex is 
concerned you will notice that while growth increased by 9% Q-o-Q our opex actually 
dropped by 2% over the last quarter. You will see that to be the trend as we improve our 
supply chain and reduce our cost and that is where the leverage will start flowing through 
the business. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
The staff cost you mentioned probably is flat with some reduction in the Q1 numbers but on 
the opex is there a possibility of absolute reduction or especially of sales you can see this 
number coming? 
Arun Kumar:  
No, there is an absolute reduction in the works and it will not flow through throughout the 
year but in H2 you will see a new number which will be the new norm at which we will be 
in absolute terms the only variable factor there would be the freight cost that is depending 
upon sales. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly, on the US business you talked about you have got 250 approved ANDAs in your 
assessment how many marketable opportunities are there in that portfolio and how many 
will come to the market over the next couple of years from a commercially viable 
perspective? 
Arun Kumar:  
We mentioned that we have 60 products to launch in the next three years, we would achieve 
the first lot of 20 products this year, three products have been already launched in Q1 and 
we have about 16 products that will be launched in the rest of the quarters. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Nitin Agarwal: 
If you are looking out if you were to look through this entire 60 product launch over the 
next couple of years, just probably give us some sense on the size of the business you are 
looking at in that case? 
Arun Kumar:  
No, these are very difficult times for us to hazard a guess. We are not really focused on 
revenues our focus in on gross margin expansion, these 60 products will deliver that goal 
for us to be where we traditionally used to be at the 22%-23% EBITDA. Our aim is to get 
there in the next four quarters to six quarters if not earlier. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
By FY2024 end we should be back to the 21%-22% EBITDA margin? 
Arun Kumar:  
Correct and these 60 products will play an important role but the growth is actually coming 
from the other regulated markets and although the topline growth is not visible in the other 
regulated market the margin expansion is actually happening in the other regulated markets 
and it will keep on increasing more in absolute numbers and in the other regulated markets 
we also have a fairly significant B2B model, so you will not see the percentage gross 
margins moving so we are positioning assets more for absolute gross margin growth. You 
will see that also in this quarter that we have actually added 30 Crores of incremental 
absolute gross margin and that is our focus first let us improve our gross margins, reduce 
our opex and let us not be so much worried about our percentage EBITDA. But going out in 
the year we are very close to where we used to be and in the next six quarters or seven 
quarters that is the new norm of what we used to be and that is what we are very confident 
of getting that and that may come at right sizing from network optimization because we 
have too much manufacturing infrastructure for the kind of business that we run today, all 
of that will flow through to deliver very different results. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
On the debt number you talked about, just to understand that we have currently a gross debt 
about 2700 Crores – 2800 Crores you are talking of this gross debt going down to like by 
1000 Crores at the end of the year, is what the guidance? 
Arun Kumar:  
Correct. . 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay and last if you can squeeze in more on Stelis you were talking about on the media 
about the value, some plans about the value unlocking in the business, if you can probably 
help us understand that a little bit more? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, so basically, we committed to our investors that we will look at all options for Stelis, 
so we have now engaged with bankers to look at all our strategic options including raising a 
new cash into the business and we will keep you updated on progress. It is a value 
discovery process and then we will decide what is the best option for Strides and for Stelis. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 14 
If you all know that this is the high capex long gestation business, we are very happy with 
our order book but there are significant mismatches kind of magnified with our problems 
with Sputnik in terms of cash needs and what cash we generate from that business, so that is 
why we constantly consolidate a fair amount of losses on an equity accounting although 
Stelis is well funded to take care of those obligations. It is important to watch as to what we 
want to do. This business is extremely profitable adjusted for the base that we currently 
operate the business at 7% to 10% capacity and we really need to have all the capex that is 
required to ensure that some of the large companies that we are engaged with are very 
comfortable We are very focused in achieving this. We have appointed banker and we will 
keep you posted on the end of every quarter how that is going. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepan from Trustline. Please go ahead. 
Deepan: 
Good evening everyone and thanks a lot for the opportunity. Firstly wanted to understand to 
the recent announcement of fund raising of NCDs for about 150 Crores, so earlier two 
quarters back we had a plan and Board approved for 4 million warrants and raising 194 
Crores so what happened to that and is it additional to that or we have replaced the same? 
Arun Kumar:  
Warrants is not for 4 million, it is for 2 million warrants and that is for about 95 Crores and 
that is on track but that money goes onward for Stride’s contribution to Stelis to maintain its 
ownership and that is why those warrants are used for. This is a temporary financing as we 
are ramping up our business as you can see, we obviously need working capital to support 
growth and as we get our debt reduced which will happen in Q2, Q3, Q4 we need to focus 
on achieving our near term goals and that is the reason why we sort an enabling resolution 
to get additional financing up to 150 Crores. 
Deepan: 
Okay, could you guide us on kind of cost of financing for this? 
Arun Kumar:  
We do not go into specifics. Our cost of money is approximately 9.5%-10% globally 
including exchange rate, cover and all of that, so this is a small amount of money in our 
total debt book it does not change the total net cost very significantly. 
Deepan: 
Okay. Thanks a lot and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harshal Patil from Sharekhan. Please go 
ahead. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Harshal Patil: 
Good evening Sir and thank you for the opportunity. Just needed one clarification, most of 
the questions have been answered, so this was with respect to the US business, here we 
have been talking about a very strong product pipeline coming into the picture over the next 
one year to two years or three years timeline but as of now if you could just provide some 
inputs upon how has been the price erosion as it is getting worst or is it like looking getting 
better and with this new product launches how should we look upon at the margins for 
FY2023? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, I think I answered most of those questions previously, but I will still answer that. We 
think the pricing pressures in the US market is more or less settled, it is still in sporadic or 
in specific products we find pressures when companies are looking for increased market 
share. Our model is to go back to our traditional portfolio of niche, complex or some kind of 
difficulty and out of our 250 products about 100 products meet that criteria and we are 
focusing on that and therefore we are not so much a me too player of generics in the US 
market. We probably slip back in the last couple of years to that model but we have now 
reset the company to the new model. We have exited a lot of products that do not make any 
sense for us and we are adding more products which are of value. So if you look at our 
portfolio in many products there are not many competitors and it is further magnified to the 
fact that there is no Indian competition and that helps the price positioning and the 
modelling of our business. So I would not want to comment generally but for the products 
that we operate in, we do see some cases that we get challenged, we let go off those 
businesses when the challenge is unfair to us. But now we are more and more winning back 
contracts at better terms, may be not the market share that we want but slowly we pick up 
market share over the period of time. So overall we think everybody has their own business 
model for the environment that they operate in, the environment that we operate in, we see 
more stabilities and will continue to focus on it given that we have a large portfolio to 
support it. 
Harshal Patil: 
Got it Sir. Thank you and that was it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question would be from the line of Omkar as an individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Omkar: 
Good evening, just wanted to check from Endo portfolio product, are you getting 
manufactured at India or they are getting manufactured at US facility? 
Arun Kumar: 
At the US facility. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Omkar: 
Because in Q2 you are saying you are bringing products back to India for a better margin, 
so that was the sentence I remember from your end, so they are getting manufactured at US 
only you are saying? 
Arun Kumar:  
No, whatever is currently marketed is manufactured in the US plant and that plant is not a 
cheap manufacturing plant, being in the US obviously the cost of production is significantly 
higher; those products were where we do not make margins produced in US we have 
brought them to India. 
Omkar: 
Slowly and steadily you will manufacture in India and you will export to US am I right?  
Arun Kumar:  
Yes.  
Omkar: 
Thanks for answering my questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the followup question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir just one question on the comment you have made in the call that earlier we were into 
products which were slightly more niche and differentiated and where it was less 
competition and some level of difficulty of production may be which is why there was less 
competition, so what was the thought process behind us slipping back into sort of a more 
less differentiated and me too sort of product, what was the thought process if we were to 
say because you said we slipped into that sort of territory, so what was the strategy behind 
doing that and hence it did not work well for us and now we are sort of reverting back to 
Indian model, if you can throw some light? 
Arun Kumar:  
I think it is to do with the post COVID environment, right, so during COVID, if you look at 
small products and niche products they are typically acute products they are not chronic 
products, chronic products is where you get big volumes, big revenues and if you are fully 
integrated you often still make fairly significant margins. Our model has always been acute 
portfolio and during COVID there was no usage of acute products, usage dropped in many 
cases below 50%, so the company obviously needed a certain revenue line to keep the lights 
on and took a lot of this commodity portfolio for larger market share and obviously that 
strategy did not play through, so it is nothing to do with previous management or leadership 
or anything it is the environment in which kind of forces company to shift gears. We think 
that post COVID our tried and tested model works better and that is what we are doing. 

                                               Strides Pharma Science Limited 
July 29, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, for the acute products for us which will left volume may be higher margin and more 
differentiated, now you feel that both pricing as well as volumes have stabilized to what 
they were before COVID? 
Arun Kumar:  
Yes, and also what is done for us to start we see further reduction in the number of players 
because many of them exited because they did not make money, so the market option for us 
in some of these products have actually improved because we stayed invested with those 
products. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you! 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, thank you all for joining in and like I mentioned in my opening statement if you 
have any specific questions, please do not hesitate to contact us and we will all just be 
available to answer them. Thank you and have a good weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Strides Pharma Science Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
***** 
