 
 
 
 
 
BCC:ISD:114:16:186  
   
    
 
     
 
                   06.08.2022 
 
The Vice-President,   
B S E Ltd.,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE-532134 
 
The Vice-President,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
CODE-BANKBARODA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Re:  Disclosure under Regulation 46(2)(LODR) 
 
We enclose transcript of Analyst Meet held on 01.08.2022 for Q1(FY2022-23) 
Financial Results. 
 
We request you to take note of the above pursuant to relevant regulation of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 and upload the information on your website. 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
P K Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
PRASHAN
T KAMAL 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
PRASHANT KAMAL 
AGARWAL 
Date: 2022.08.06 
12:07:54 +05'30'

1 
                                                   
 
ANALYSTS’ MEET Q1FY23 
1st August 2022 
 
Participating members from the Management Team of the Bank  
 
 Mr. Sanjiv Chadha, Managing Director & CEO  
 Mr. A K Khurana, Executive Director 
 Mr. Debadatta Chand, Executive Director 
 Mr. Joydeep Dutta Roy, Executive Director   
 Mr. Ian Desouza, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
Moderator: Good Morning everyone and welcome to the Analysts’ Meet for Bank of Baroda’s 
financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Thank you all for joining us. We have with us 
today, Shri. Sanjiv Chadha – Managing Director & CEO of Bank of Baroda who will be leading the call. 
He’s also joined by the Bank’s Executive Directors. We will start with brief opening remarks by Mr. 
Chadha and a short presentation, followed by the Q&A session. Mr. Chadha, over to you sir.  
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, thank you very much Phiroza and a very good morning to everybody. Thank 
you very much for joining us. Let me just begin by introducing my colleagues on the call. We have 
Mr. Ajay Khurana - our Executive Director, Mr. Debadatta Chand - Executive Director in charge of 
Corporate, International and Treasury, Joydeep – our Executive Director who looks after all our 
platform functions including HR, Risk, Compliance and much more actually, and then of course, our 
CFO – Ian Desouza, with whom many of you would be very familiar. So, let me just begin, with just 
maybe 5-7 minutes going through 5-6 slides which to my mind, are the highlights for us, and also 
might in some ways, anticipate some of the discussion, as we go forward.  
So, from the perspective of the Bank, the standout point for this particular quarter was the return of 
growth for the Bank. All of you have been tracking the Bank for many quarters, and you would have 
observed that we actually had reasonable progress in terms of credit costs coming down, in terms of 
margins improving. But if there was one challenge, it was that our performance and growth was 
good, but not really an outlier by any standards. This was largely driven by the fact that we had 
chosen to protect our margin in corporate and till last year at least the choice was very stark, either 
you grow your margins or your grow your business in corporate. Given the fact that corporate is the 
largest part of our balance sheet, tepid growth in corporate meant that the overall growth for the 
bank was moderate.  
At the beginning of this quarter, we had guided that in our view, the time had now come where it 
might be possible to grow corporate along with making sure that our margins remain intact. I think 
that’s what we are now beginning to see and largely again, powered by that, we have seen global 
advances for the bank grow by 18%. In part of course, this is due to the fact that the corresponding 
quarter of last year, the 1st quarter, was impacted very seriously by COVID and we actually had had 
a significant degrowth in corporate loans. But even apart from that, I think in every subsequent 
quarter, we have had good quarter on quarter growth and that momentum continues.  
You’d also see on your screens that International also has contributed very handsomely to the 
growth. We had been discussing that how last year because of the fact that corporate margins were 
under pressure, it was profitable for the Bank to also focus on the international book which too is 
corporate, but gave us better margins. So, International has grown by about 30% YoY.  
Within domestic growth, which was 15.7%, again, the standout performance has been in Retail where 
organic Retail has grown by 23.2%. Now, through most of the last few quarters, there were areas in 
Retail where we had grown fairly quickly. I think car loans were the case in point, where for many 
years, we have had more than 20% growth. But, where we were held back was the fact that, relatively 
speaking, our home loan growth was less fast. Given the fact that home loans are 70% of the book, 
if your home loans are not really growing very quickly, the overall growth does tend to get dampened. 
So, the fact that home loans actually have moved up by more than 15% YoY for us, and then if you 
add to that car loan growth which is now 25%, education loans have been doing well, they have 
accelerated further to about 20% growth, and personal loans which were powered again by the 
digitalisation of the bank and by bob World, have grown by nearly 150%. So, this, along with again, 

3 
reasonable growth in other segments including agriculture, MSME has meant that we have actually 
had a very good growth figures to report. 
Again, if we were to just go back to the previous slide, one last point I wanted to add is that, when it 
comes to agriculture, again, the quality of the growth is improving very significantly because gold 
loans are growing at two times the rate of overall agriculture loan growth. Also, within Retail, apart 
from home loans, mortgage loans and car loans, now gold loans again have started adding a 
significant bit to that. So again, I think that should speak well for the asset quality there also, as we 
go forward. 
Now, coming to deposit growth, I think it has been decent. We again have had consistent CASA 
growth which has been in double-digits which we continue to see. In terms of the international 
deposits, they have kept a pace with the loan growth, which again, I think is significant to the extent 
that the growth in international loans has been funded in large measure by deposits rather than 
wholesale funding, which again, has challenges in terms of the risks that might be there because of 
the volatility in interest rates and the upward trend that we have seen.  
So, this is where again, the summary in terms of where we stand in terms of deposit growth. Our 
CASA continues to improve. You might recall that we had begun with a CASA ratio of 37% about 3 
years back, this has now moved up to 44%. And, as interest rates harden, the fact that the bank now 
has good CASA ratio, pretty much in line with the best in the business, should mean that we should 
actually be seeing improvement in margins, because at least a significant proportion of loan growth 
will be funded by low-cost CASA deposits. 
If we look at credit deposit ratio, we had, because of discipline in terms of matching deposit and 
credit growth, had a decent CD ratio right through the pandemic also, where it was mostly upwards 
of 75%. Now we see it has gone up to 80%. There, of course, would be the question in terms of what 
implications it has in terms of funding growth? So, to my mind, there are two parts to it. One is that, 
as we see deposit rates start normalising, not remaining negative in real terms, I think we should see 
some pick up in deposits. The second part is, even today as we speak, despite making sure that we 
are as optimally placed in terms of mix in the balance sheet, there is still a substantial amount of 
loans which are sub-optimally priced given where the direction of interest rates are. So, I think there’s 
scope to reshuffle the portfolio also to make sure that we optimise yields on the portfolio.  
So, coming to profitability, the NII again has grown by about 12%. So, if you were to juxtapose this 
against the 18% growth in loans, the difference is largely, because as I mentioned earlier, the quarter 
1 of last year actually had negative growth in corporate loans, in particular. Therefore, in terms of 
average growth, which is what is responsible for NII that would be a little lower. Net Interest Margins 
are steady. The main reason why they’re a bit lower as compared to the last quarter of the previous 
year is, there were some items which were there through recovery which went to the interest line. 
But we expect again and this is what our guidance has been, that there is scope for further 
improvement in margins even as we grow the loan book. We have guided that we should expect 
about 10 bps improvement in margins over last year and we stand by that guidance.  
The operating profit piece is something which all of you are well aware of, and I don’t believe it merits 
too much explanation. But just again to emphasise, the degrowth in operating profit is largely on 
account of the fact that as per current RBI guidance now, the marked to market now comes above 
the operating profit line. If we were to exclude treasure gains and also interest on IT refund, which is 
a one-off, actually the growth in core operating profit corresponds pretty much to the growth in net 

4 
interest income. So, in consequence, we have seen profit record a good growth of about 80% YoY 
and even if we were to compare it with the last quarter of last year, it’s a reasonable growth.  
Coming to asset quality, I think we have seen this trend in terms of improving asset quality sustained 
right through the pandemic. As we have discussed before, this has largely been driven by the 
improvement in the corporate credit cycle that continues abyss. As a consequence, there is continued 
reduction in Gross NPAs and Net NPAs. Net NPA is now actually down to about 1.5%, which to my 
mind is a good position in terms of indicating limited downside from the existing NPA book of the 
bank, as also indicated by the provision coverage ratio of nearly 90%. And equally, the slippage ratio 
again has been reducing as per guidance. We are guided that slippage ratio would be between 1.5% 
and 2%. So, it has come out at 1.71%, and I think there is again scope for that to improve further.  
Credit cost, of course, are at possibly record lows that is partly because we had taken some 
accelerated provisioning last year. But equally, it is also because of what I mentioned earlier, that 
there is an improvement in the corporate credit cycle which is being sustained and that improvement 
will outweigh any negatives which might be there, say on account of any issues with the MSME book. 
So therefore, we have guided that the credit cost this year should be between 1.25% and 1.5%. For 
the moment, we stand by the guidance. Possibly, there might be scope again for some improvement 
there, but we’d like to see the improvement sustained over the next 2 quarters.  
Coming to SMAs and collection efficiency, to my mind, this is the best indication in terms of an 
advanced indicator of asset quality. As we have seen, the improvement in the CRILC-SMA 1, 2 is stark 
as compared to the previous year, and the fact that this is not something which is one-off or not 
representative, is indicated by the fact that the collection efficiency also has improved in tandem and 
now stands at about 98%.  
In consequence of the improvement in profitability, the capital adequacy ratio of the Bank continues 
to be in a very comfortable range of between 15.5 to 16%. We believe that this year also, our internal 
accruals should be adequate to fund growth. While we might be looking at accessing markets for 
replacing maturing AT1 bonds and maybe some Tier 2 issuance, but otherwise, we believe there may 
not be an occasion for us to access the markets for pure equity this year.  
Lastly, in terms of digital, which in so many ways, underlines a lot of efficiency gains that we have 
seen. bob World now has 22 million users, and this is within 1 year; we had launched bob World in 
August of last year. Also, in terms of active users, now it is 38% of our non-FI customers. We believe 
there’s scope to take it to nearly 50% by the end of this year, which would pretty much bring us in 
line with the best in the business in terms of using mobile interface as the primary interface with 
customers.  
So, that’s all from me by way of opening remarks. I’d be very happy to receive any questions.  
Moderator: Thank you sir. We are now ready for questions from the attending analysts. I request 
anybody who wishes to ask a question raise their hand. You may also type your question in the Q&A 
box. The first question is from Mahrukh Adajania. You may unmute yourself and ask your question.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Hello sir.  
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Good Morning Mahrukh. 

5 
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Good Morning sir. Sir, my first question is on the personal loans. Sir, what is 
the ticket size? Would it have increased QoQ, and what would be the rate you would be lending your 
personal loans at? The growth has been very sharp for the last 3-4 quarters. So, that’s my first 
question.  
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah. So, Mahrukh, I think the reason why we have seen the acceleration in the 
personal loans is that this was an under-exploited franchise for us. Now, with good data lake in place, 
and more importantly, with an efficient digital interface through bob World, we are able to access 
our customer base to offer them these opportunities. When we’d begun about a year back, we had 
a ticket size which was restricted to Rs. 50,000, now we are going up to, I think, Rs. 5 lakh in that. So, 
it is an impact of both the facts that the penetration is increasing and also that the ticket size has 
increased. The sharp growth of course is because we had started off with a low base, but now the 
kind of growth that we see even quarter to quarter and YoY, is significant enough to add to overall 
retail loan growth and also to the margins that we make on our retail business.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: And sir, what would be the salaried to non-salaried breakup and any yield 
that you can give? Some colour on that? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah. So, I’ll just request if Joydeep has any ready answer on that, otherwise, 
we’ll supply that to you offline.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Okay sir. Sir, my next question is on International. Again, that book has 
grown very well over the last 3 quarters. In the last 1-2 quarters, would it largely be term loans or is 
it still trade finance only? And which sectors sir? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah. So, I think we have been cognizant that the growth should also be accretive 
in terms of margins. So, a large percentage of the growth is coming from term loans. As I mentioned 
earlier, this is in the context of the fact that in India, corporate loan margins were very very weak 
over last year, and therefore it made sense for us to access the possibilities in the international 
market. The second part which again is important to appreciate is that, since it’s a wholesale business 
that we run internationally, the cost to income ratio there is actually well below 25%; less than half 
of what it is in India. Therefore, while margins may not compare with India, but if you add along with 
the margins which are available, the lower operating cost and also what has been over very many 
years, an average lower credit cost also, these make lot of sense, particularly at the present juncture.  
But, I would again like to emphasise that for us, the international book offers an opportunity for risk 
diversification, for tapping opportunities given where we are in the interest rate cycle, but ultimately 
the bottom line is that we would want to allocate capital where it’s most efficiently used. There was 
an opportunity for us to do that in the international operations last year, which is why we have had 
such good growth. I believe, there’s still an opportunity to grow the book further this year. It may not 
necessarily be by a similar percentage, but I believe there’s still an opportunity to grow that book 
reasonably smartly. So, that’s how we would be looking at seeing things. Wherever we believe that 
we can get the best return on capital, that’s the area we’d like to focus on.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Any sectors over the last 1-2 quarters? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, this is a very deep market, right, the international syndicate loan market. 
Therefore, you are largely guided by your risk appetite making sure that, particularly in a rising 
interest rate regime, the interest rate coverage ratios are good. I think, so those are the kind of things 
that you look at, but not any specific sector as such.  

6 
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Got it. And sir my last question, sorry what did you say the margin guidance 
was? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, the margin guidance is that we expect that NIM should improve further this 
year. We had, at the beginning of the year, said by about 10 bps in terms of where they stood at the 
end of last year.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Okay sir, thank you. 
Mr. Joydeep Dutta Roy: Just to add Mahrukh, on that personal loan question, the breakup of salaried 
and non-salaried that you had asked, I think largely it’s salaried for us. Around 70-75% is salaried 
component, rest is non-salaried. The average ticket size is currently around 2.5 lakhs on personal 
loans.  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania: Okay sir, thank you so much.  
Moderator: The next question is from Jay Mundra. Please ask your question. 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Hi sir, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. On the overseas book, if you 
can provide a breakup of 1.44 trillion loan book into buyer’s credit, ECB, India linked corporate, non-
India Linked corporate and local credit? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: I don’t know whether we have that readily available. I’ll just request Chand saab 
if he can give some broad indication, or again, he might provide the figure to you offline. Chand saab? 
Mr. Debadatta Chand: We’ll give you the data separately. But, the acquisition in terms of the 
incremental business by and large is out of the term loans and trade finance and assets are typically 
picked up in countries where the country rating has been fairly high.  
Mr. Jay Mundra: Sure. The second question is on your restructured book. If you can provide how 
much is the outstanding restructured book, COVID and including any legacy, 5:25, etc. How much has 
come out of moratorium, and what were the slippages from the restructured book this quarter, and 
was there any normal repayment from that book? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, Khurana saab will answer that question. Khurana saab? 
Mr. Ajay Khurana: The total restructured book, all inclusive, is 19,666 crore. Slippage, there has been 
a slippage of around 1,000 crore this quarter. Largely, we are getting good repayment, only 15-16% 
is stressed, SMA 1 and 2, you can say. Otherwise we are hopeful that in these 3 quarters, around 
3,000-4,000 crore, 3,000 crore approximately should come out of it.  
Mr. Jay Mundra: Okay, sorry. So just to confirm, 3,000-4,000 crore should come out of moratorium? 
Mr. Ajay Khurana: Yeah, exactly you can say in 4 quarters, yes. 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Sorry, so barring 3,000-4,000 crore, everything should come out of moratorium in 
2-3 quarters?  
Mr. Ajay Khurana: No, my dear. See, moratorium has been given even up to now. So, repayment is 
getting started. What I’m saying is that, stress is only in 15-16%. We are hopeful that rest will come 
slowly out of stress.  

7 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: I think what Mr. Khurana’s point is that there may be about 3,000-4,000 crore 
where there is some stress. The other is likely to come out intact at the end of this year.  
Mr. Jay Mundra: Sure, understood sir and out of this 19,600 crore, how much has restarted the 
billing, and how much could be under moratorium broadly?  
Mr. Ajay Khurana: By June end, almost all have started payment now.  
Mr. Jay Mundra: Right, understood and 15-16% is in SMA category, right? You have not included NPA 
here?  
Mr. Ajay Khurana: Yes, NPA has already been excluded.  
Mr. Jay Mundra: Correct and the last question sir is on your salary cost this quarter. There is no 
additional family pension that we have done. Instead, the provisions for salary has increased by few 
hundred crores. I was under the impression that if yields were to go up, then the bank should have 
some benefit in terms of staff retiral provisions. So, if you can elaborate sir, why has the staff 
provisions for salary gone up?  
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: I request Ian to take that question.  
Mr. Ian Desouza: Yes. So, Jay, you would see in the last quarter i.e. the final quarter of FY22, you 
would see that we had a good favourable tailwind in terms of these provisions, which are likely for 
retirals and we were able to show a much lower provision. But, essentially, there’s a countervailing 
factor in terms of the inflation. So, the dearness allowance also has a role to play because that gets 
projected into our assumptions.  So, as a result you would see a provision that is in line with the same 
quarter last year, but on account of a different factor.  
So, you're quite right, if we have a further repo rate hikes, the discount factor that we use for these 
calculations is likely to go up, but at this point we are not sure how much of it will go up, so you will 
see a positive movement perhaps towards the end of the financial year as we get further clarity on 
the discount rate moving up and hence giving us a benefit here. 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Great Sir.  Thank you so much Sir and all the best. 
Mr. Debadatta Chand: Jay, just to update you on the trade finance on the international book, the 
book is around 20%. 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Sure Sir, yeah.  Thanks Sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from Ashok Ajmera.  Please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Good morning, Sir.  Am I audible? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yes, Ajmeraji, you're very audible, very good morning to you. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Compliments Sir for another great quarter of the good set of numbers specially 
in case of net profit, at least on the books it has gone up as compared to the last quarter to 2,168 
crore.  Having said that Sir, I've got a couple of observations and some questions.  Sir, on the treasury 
front like the revaluation of investment continuously in the last quarter also of 819 crore, in this 

8 
quarter 1,168 crore, so going forward because overall treasury entire operations except the trading 
profit is there is overall negative, which of course is basically understood because of the hardening 
interest rate, but going forward where do we stand on account how much are we cushioned even if 
it goes by 20 basis point or 50 basis point by RBI as compared to the Fed there, so can I get a view on 
the treasury operation going forward in the next three quarters, is my first question please? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, Ajmeraji, I'll just give you a broad sense and then I'll hand it over to Mr. Chand 
to again give you a more detailed answer. The fact that this particular MTM loss that we have incurred 
right, this represents about again I think 60 to 70 basis points increase that happened in long term 
treasury rates.  Now, it seems to be the market prognosis that while repo rate hikes would happen, 
but most of the increase has been factored in already in terms of long term rates and therefore the 
increase in long term rates over the rest of the year is likely to be less as compared to what we saw 
in a single quarter in this current quarter, so I think that's what we need to bear in mind. 
The other part of course is that you might argue that this is always part of normal interest rate cycles 
that when interest rates increase, the economy improves, you will see better loan growth, you will 
see better net interest income, and you'll see some correction as far as the treasury evaluations are 
concerned.  Now, the improvement in NII and the benefit of the improvement in terms of credit cost 
is likely to sustain for a fairly long period of time. But the impact that we had to see in terms of MTM, 
normally is compressed and this particular instance has got compressed or very short period of time, 
so overall I think as we go ahead the balance should work positively for the Bank. The second part of 
course is that how does it even work in the short term, so even when we had again a sharp market 
correction the fact that we have seen a significant improvement in the profitability, I think should 
possibly indicate that on balance it should work out well for the Bank going ahead also, but let me 
hand it over to Chand Sir in terms of an informed analysis of what are we likely to see as we go ahead. 
Mr. Debadatta Chand: Good morning, Ajmeraji. The fact that last quarter had a significant yield 
increase, but in the rising interest scenario two things happen. One, is a negative impact on the 
depreciation side at the same time there is a positive income also.  If you look at the interest income 
on investment has gone up significantly high in this quarter and the bank having a larger FRB 
component that positive offset is still there for subsequent quarters.  Coming to the valuation side 
going forward, if you look at the levels at this point of time both on the 10-year G-Sec, even if there 
is a likelihood of some realignment on the short-term rates in terms of repo and all, but then the long 
term doesn't seem to be very likely to go significantly high that is what the outlook most of the market 
participants do have at this point of time.   
So, taking all these things in consideration, as MD Sir has rightly said, the incremental impact of 
depreciation the subsequent quarter we see very less as compared to the kind of depreciation we've 
provided for in the June quarter and if the outlook comes true possibly there would be write back 
also quite possible maybe in Q3 and Q4 that's a view, but market can go anywhere.  So, to sum up 
that whatever negative impact of the rising interest scenario has been, the book has taken that 
impact and subsequent quarters would be, we are quite positive. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Thank you, Sir.  Point well taken.  Sir, my second point is on the profitability again 
on the employee cost, which has gone up in this quarter by almost about 270 crore, Sir out of that, if 
you see note #10, I mean a provision of 73 crore on the revision in the family pension has been done 
only in this quarter, rest 1,091 crore has been carried forward as per the RBI dispensation over the 

9 
next four years or so.  So, still I mean this 1,091 some banks are prudent and providing little more on 
this, what is our view on that and secondly coupled with that the provision is lower this time overall 
and that is adding to our profitability that maybe because of the your transferred some NPA accounts 
and there is a provision reversal of 2,355 crore, so going forward whether this trend of NPA selling is 
going to continue or do we see the similar kind of provision and reversing in the next coming quarter 
so as to have a clear idea of the profitability of the bank you know at the bottom line? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, Ajmeraji, I will again give you a broad sense again in terms of how I look at it 
and then again Khuranaji will give you a more detailed response.  So, you're right, that we actually 
have a low provision this quarter, but that largely is because we had taken accelerated provisions in 
the previous quarter right.  So, whenever you have got good profit, the Bank has a choice of doing 
some advanced provisioning, building some cushions.  So, what we have done is we have chosen to 
do it in terms of creating credit provisions and that's why again we see that whenever, the Bank 
actually had a bit of a challenge in terms of mark to market, the fact that there were some advanced 
provisioning has helped again in terms of making sure that the credit provision is correspondingly 
lower.  
But more importantly I think they are broad trends, which are there to see.  For instance, if you look 
at the slippage ratio right, it has been coming down.  If you look at the gross net NPAs they have been 
coming down, if you look at the guidance for credit cost, we have indicated this year that the credit 
cost is going to be between 1.25% to 1.5%, which is significantly lower as compared to previous years, 
so I think there are some broad trends which are there and we have had occasion to discuss earlier.  
Then this is largely to do with the fact that the corporate cycle is now working very well, which is why 
we saw this improvement even through COVID. So, therefore to my mind even as we go ahead, the 
trend of lowering of credit costs is likely to continue and is likely to add to the bottom line, but it is 
not because we are stinging in anyway on provisioning.  If you see the PCR for the Bank right, it is at 
90% even if you take technically written off accounts out, it is still more than 75% and this is among 
the highest in the industry.  So, I think the point is that the Bank is very well provided as far as the 
NPA book is concerned and therefore as we see the growth, the benefit of the growth will accrue 
more and more to the bottom line. But in terms of your question I'll just request Khuranaji, if he has 
anything more to add in terms of specific figures. 
Mr. A K Khurana: Yes Sir.  Ajmeraji, as far as any selling is concerned, we have not sold anything or 
transferred any NPAs, credit cost is reduced as MD Sir has informed that because one we have gone 
for escalated the provisioning earlier.  Second, is if you look at our slippage and our recovery, they're 
almost equivalent, because recovery is also good, so that is why our credit cost is getting reduced, so 
these are the main reasons, anything else is not there, yeah. 
Moderator: The next question is from Mahesh MB.  Please ask your question.  Mahesh, you may 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Mr. Mahesh MB: Yes Sir.  Sir, first question is on the power sector  
Moderator: Mahesh, I'm sorry you’re inaudible, can you please be loud. 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: I think a bit closer to the mic, Mahesh, you are very faint, your voice is very faint 
actually. 

10 
Mr. Mahesh MB: Yeah, is it better now? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah, much better. 
Mr. Mahesh MB: Sir, I just wanted to understand this power sector demand revival that you're seeing 
for the last couple of quarters, where is it coming from? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Sorry, could you repeat that.  I think we lost you at the end. 
Mr. Mahesh MB: The demand that you're seeing on the power sector side, if you could explain where 
is it coming from? 
Moderator: The question he asked is, demand in power sector where it is coming from? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah.  So, I think there are two parts to again the growth in terms of power assets.  
One of course is that there is a lot of Greenfield activity, which is there in the renewable sector.  So, 
that's what has been actually been responsible for a fair bit of increase as it was the last few quarters. 
But then again there are some good quality assets, which are there even in terms of thermal power, 
which are mature, well performing with modest levels of leverage that is also something that we 
have been looking at. But let me again hand it to Mr. Debadatta Chand to amplify that. 
Mr. Debadatta Chand: Power sector, typically the book increases out of the demand we had in couple 
of months from now in the entire economy and that can typically be the higher input cost, new 
energy efficiency measures, lot of renewable energy, new projects coming in. So broadly we're riding 
on those demands and our book also significantly seeing that way a good movement therein. 
Mr. Mahesh MB: Okay.  Sir, second question, what is the visibility now on the corporate NPL book 
that you have for about 13,000 crore in terms of recovery? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think in terms of the corporate book, the large recoveries have largely 
happened.  The book is also almost completely provided.  So, to that extent, I think there's an upside 
which still remains, but I think now onwards the large ticket resolutions which had to happen have 
happened. So therefore, the kind of spikes that you used to see at times in one quarter, they are 
unlikely and we should be seeing steady recovery still substantial recoveries, but steady recoveries 
as we go ahead. 
Mr. Mahesh MB: Perfect and last question, what is the total number of customers that you have, if I 
were to just look at slide 27, which says 22 million activated users and 40 million downloads, what is 
the opportunity which is still pending? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think we have we can divide our customer base into two parts.  We have a 
total about I think 130 odd million customers as far as I recall, out of that about 50%-55% are FI 
customers.  We have about 60 million customers who are non-FI customers; non-financial inclusion 
customers, so you can argue that BoB world is again an application which is largely targeted at this 
segment.  Now, if you look at private sector banks, which do not have as many FI customers, then 
the kind of penetration rate that they have achieved with mobile banking at time moves up about 
50%-55%, so I think that is I think the kind of upside which is still there, so we are currently at 38%, I 

11 
believe it should be possible for us to take this penetration to about 50% of the non FI customer base 
by the end of the year. 
Moderator: The next question is from Pritesh Bamb.  Overall deposit growth was lower QoQ despite 
the same interest expenses are up 5% QoQ and domestic cost of deposit is down by 4 bps.  Can you 
comment on that sir? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Can you just repeat that once more. 
Moderator: Overall deposit growth was lower QoQ despite the same interest expenses are up 5% 
QoQ and domestic cost of deposit is down 4 bps.  Any comment? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think the two factors are at play, it is I think really normal seasonality that 
you see higher growth of deposits at the end of the financial year right, as compared to the first 
quarter.  So, that's number one.  Number 2, again in terms of actually deposit costs being lower, so 
if we were to look at YoY that is because for most of the last year, we actually had a lowering of 
deposit costs. Now, what we are seeing is, we are seeing some kind of stabilization, so I think that's 
what is likely to be the position.  We should see now deposit costs pretty much leveling off and 
possibly start increasing modestly as we go ahead.   
So, therefore what we have seen is entirely consistent with what you would expect that, A - that 
deposit growth in the first quarter of the year is lower as compared to last quarter of last year.  
Number two, overall since out of the four quarters we are now measuring at least there were 2-3 
quarters where deposit costs were coming down significantly you still have a little bit of benefit from 
that even as we speak today. 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir.  The next question is from Anand Dama.  You may unmute yourself and 
ask the question. 
Mr. Anand Dama: Yeah.  Sir thank you for the opportunity.  Sir, what is the overall growth run rate 
that you would look at by the year end, so should we have about 12%, 13%, 14%, what kind of run? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think we are at the beginning of the year and we had guided at the beginning 
of the year that we believe that the industry might grow about 10% to 12% and we would expect to 
grow faster than industry or at least industry or maybe faster if we can help it.  I think we stand by 
that guidance, very obviously the growth momentum of this quarter is significantly quicker, but then 
I think for the moment since it's just one quarter, we'd like to see how it goes, so we retain that 
guidance.  Industry growth rate probably up to about 12% and are targeting a slightly faster rate 
while keeping a margin impact or improving them as we go ahead. 
Mr. Anand Dama: Any in the overseas book, is there any short term loans that we would have given 
basically, which would run off as you move ahead? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think Chand Sir had clarified that, that the proportion of short trade finance 
is relatively low, it's relatively low it's about 20% book, I think he has clarified, so therefore we have 
a fairly stable book and therefore again we believe that we don't expect any contraction of the book 
in the near future. 

12 
Mr. Anand Dama: Sir NARCL transfer, so when do you expect that to happen and what will the 
quantum of transfer? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think there are some formalities that need to be completed which again are 
not entirely in our hands, but we have guided earlier also that because of the nature of our book and 
the resolution that have happened over the past period, the figure for us is not going to be very 
substantial. 
Mr. Anand Dama: Okay and Sir lastly you have significant stake in the insurance company India Life 
any plans to sell stake in that insurance company, anything which has come from RBI or from 
government basically to cut down your stake in to the non-bank holding space? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Sure.  I think but we have put in the public domain the current position.  I think 
now going forward, in terms of what might be plans that would be really for the company to answer. 
Mr. Anand Dama: Okay.  Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: The next question is from Rakesh Kumar, please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Mr. Rakesh Kumar: Hello. 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yes, Rakesh. 
Mr. Rakesh Kumar: Yeah.  Thank you.  Thank you, Sir.  Thanks for taking the question Sir.  Sir, as you 
mentioned Sir the credit growth guidance that we have is slightly higher than the industry growth for 
this year correct? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yeah.  So, we have guided that we would want to grow at industry or higher. 
Mr. Rakesh Kumar: Sir our retail term deposit growth is around 3.5% for this quarter on a year-on-
year basis, so with this kind of retail term deposit growth, would it be you know easy for us in a rising 
interest scenario to reach that kind of a credit growth number? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think even what you have indicated along with that record in terms of CASA 
growth would pretty much again match up with what is the current estimate, but again as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks, the fact also is that as interest rates, real interest rates become 
positive that should positively impact deposit growth for all players.  Number two, even today as we 
speak because of the overhang of liquidity which was there for most of last year, in terms of 
composition of book, there is scope to reshuffle that to optimize yields.  So, I think that's also some 
of the things that we're likely to see. 
Mr. Rakesh Kumar: Okay and so just last question pertaining notes of accounts number 12, if I see 
the similar number in the Q4, there is a bit of a reduction in the additional provision that we are 
holding on the stressed standard asset, so is it that because of some delinquency in the restructured 
book, we have reduced that provision, we have reversed that provision, or there is some other reason 
for this provision number you know having come down from 598 crore to 465 crore? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I'll just request Khurana saab to take that question. 

13 
Mr. A K Khurana: No that is correct because of delinquency in the standard asset those have been 
restructured have become NPA, so that provision has been shifted there. 
Mr. Rakesh Kumar: Okay.  Thank you.  Thank you, Sir.  Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Our last question comes from Abhishek Tandon, you may unmute with yourself and ask 
the question.  Abhishek please go ahead and ask your question.  We will move to Mona Khaitan to 
ask the question.  Mona, you may ask your question. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Hello. 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: Yes Mona. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Yeah.  Hi Sir and thanks for taking my question.  So, on the gold book what would 
be your yields both on the Agri and the non-Agri side? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think is that something that Joydeep you might want to take that question? 
Mr. Joydeep Dutta Roy: So, we don't have the ready figures right now, but we can supply it offline 
maybe.  I will arrange to send that figures to you. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Sure Sir.  Thanks.  Secondly, what would be the outstanding disbursements on 
the ECLGS portfolio and what sort of slippage we've seen from the same? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think as far the ECLGS portfolio is concerned, I think the sanctions are about 
10,500 crore to 11,000 crore, 19,500 crore as outstanding, some repayments are there. My own 
sense is that now disbursements should be more exceptional rather than the rule.  In terms of the 
quality of the portfolio it seems to be holding up fairly well.  As of now the NPAs probably are less 
than 10%, so on current evidence I think the ECLGS portfolio is performing reasonably well also we 
had occasion to discuss in the past that since the ECLGS loans were priced actually very often at rates 
lower than the main book right for a lot of borrowers, so it was not necessarily, again there was no 
necessary correlation between stress and the ECLGS book, so therefore we expect this portfolio to 
continue to be reasonably strong. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Sure, and just lastly on the restructured portfolio you mentioned 19,600 crore, 
so this is standard book right? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: This is the standard restructure book indeed. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Okay and so far, if I have to look at the cumulative slippages from the same, it's 
been around for 40 billion or so, 4,000 crore? 
Mr. Sanjiv Chadha: So, I think it depends on what timeline are you really looking at when you say 
what is the cumulative slippage from that, but again maybe Khurana saab might have some indication 
on that. 
Mr. A K Khurana: No, around 4,000 crore is in last 1 to 1½ year. 

14 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Yeah.  So, that would be the case for this COVID restructured book right, the total 
slippages so far? 
Mr. A K Khurana: Yes, in fact this entire 4,000 crore not COVID, the earlier restructure also is included.  
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Yeah, right.  The COVID and the MSME restructuring. 
Mr. A K Khurana: Not MSME, even the corporate big accounts are also there. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Okay the FBRs and so on. 
Mr. A K Khurana: I will not name, but yeah there are few. 
Ms. Mona Khaitan: Sure, okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you everybody for participating.  I now request Mr. Ian De Souza to give vote of 
thanks. 
Mr. Ian Desouza: I'd like to thank all the analysts on the call.  As usual, it has been a very engaging 
set of questions and look forward to seeing you in our next quarter call.  Thank you very much. 
 
************ 
 
 
 
 
 
