 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/53/2022-23 
 
05th August, 2022 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 27.07.2022, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Tuesday, August 02, 2022 at 01.30 p.m. to discuss the 
Financial Performance of the Company for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022, please find attached 
herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL
Digitally signed by 
KIRANPREET KAUR GILL 
Date: 2022.08.05 11:58:18 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand over the conference to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Oriental Aromatics 
Limited. On behalf of the company, I’d like to thank you all for participating in the company’s 
earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2023. Before we begin, let me mention a 
short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s earnings call maybe 
forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management belief as well as assumptions made by an information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani – Executive Director, Mr. Parag 
Satoskar – Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Girish Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Dharmil Bodani to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It is our pleasure to welcome you to 
the quarter one earnings conference call of Oriental Aromatics Limited. I hope every one of 
you all are safe and healthy. During the quarter, the company witnessed a healthy demand 
across all product, aroma chemicals, camphor, fragrances and flavors. I am glad to inform you 
all that the production and sales volume for the quarter has improved by 5% and 2% 
respectively on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Margin and profitability pressures continue due to 

 
Page 2 of 18 
significant increases across all input costs, mainly due to impact of geopolitical issues, supply 
chain disruptions from China. This however, is showing signs of stabilization and in some 
cases have started a downward correction as well. The CAPEX plans had been slowed down in 
a bid to buffer the impact of severe cost escalations from input prices. Now, that the 
commodity prices are showing signs of reduction and stabilization, we will be forging ahead 
with our CAPEX plans. Now, I request Mr. Girish Khandelwal our CFO to give the financial 
highlights. Thank you. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you Dharmil. On a consolidated basis in Q1 FY23, the operating income for the quarter 
was Rs.234 crore, which was an increase of approximately 1.7% on a year-on-year basis, and 
a increase of 15% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Operating EBITDA reported was Rs.17 crore, 
which was a decrease of about 52% on a year-on-year basis, and a decrease of 25% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Operating EBITDA margin stood at 7.06%, which was a decrease of 
796 basis points on a year-on-year basis, and a decrease of 383 basis points on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. Net profit after tax reported was about Rs.8 crore, which was a decrease of 
about 63% on a year-on-year basis, and a decrease of 20% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
While PAT margins were 3.6%, which was a decrease of 628 basis points on a year-on-year 
basis, and a decrease of 157 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Thank you, with this 
we can now open the floor to the questions and answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Pujan Shah from Congruence Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
My two questions would be on the margin side, actually we have been trajectory a margin 
from let’s say EBITDA of 15%, 16% odd and currently we are at 8% margin and has this 
inflation cost it will simulate and currently. So are we seeing this EBITDA margin has been 
bottoming out or we can say the impact margin has been bottoming out currently and we will 
see a good traction from –6:01? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Good question, I think Parag you could take it and address the EBITDA. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. Pujan, good afternoon. As we all know that right now, we are trying to probably come 
out of two shocks, which were the supply chain shock, and also the input cost shocks, we are 
in it, but we are showing some signs of correction over there. And, we are kind of trying to 
face another shock which is where we are seeing that, because of the overall environment 
globally of trying to kind of curb inflation, we are seeing a new shock which is being created, 
which is where we are seeing that the demand for a lot of materials are kind of flattening out. 
So, we find ourselves in extremely uncertain situations where we’ve been exposed to 
multiple things, but not so many things at one time. So, our EBITDA expectations of or 
guidance’s of 15% to 17% are long term guidance’s, which are sustainable, and which we are 
confident in achieving in a stable state scenario over a long term period. If you look at the 
current scenario, and how the business is being panned out, if you’re looking at the current 

 
Page 3 of 18 
financial year, we probably would look at a guidance of anywhere between 7% to 10%. And as 
I said that, although the situation is challenging, we are very confident about our business, 
our product line and the demand from our customers. And so if there is any improvement 
that is possible, by our internal actions or external, we will take those actions and we will try 
to work on these EBITDA margins. But based on our current situation, for the guidance for 
this year, we look at between 7% to 10%. 
Pujan Shah: 
7% to 10% of EBITDA, right? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. And my next question would be on the debt side, we have taken debt of like 45 crore 
long term debt. And like, currently you have said this we have stopped this CAPEX due to 
inflation in the raw material costs. So how much money would get deployed now, like 
stabilizing in the cost and what can be the deployment of the CAPEX requirement by us from 
now? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, I said, you can go ahead Parag in terms of suggesting the point of it being stopped. So 
Pujan Shah: 
I suggested to pause actually. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. So, as a general philosophy, as a company, we stay extremely committed to keeping 
debt control as one of our key business points when we handle business on a day to day 
basis. So, that’s our general philosophy, that doesn’t change at all under any circumstances. 
We become five times more careful when we actually take debt otherwise we love to stay 
debt free. Based on the question of pausing, it was an intentional decision to really kind of 
just wait for a while reassess the whole situation, because we were seeing a very unrealistic 
situation where there was an unrelenting and non-sustainable price increases occur across all 
input cost which are related to projects So, that was kind of impacting our overall success 
matrix for the CAPEX, and that is the reason why we kind of took a little bit of a pause and 
now that we are seeing that the prices of steel, et cetera are started correcting, now that we 
are seeing that the freight costs have started correcting. We have again gone into active 
mode and we have again started all our projects related activities in full swing, this primarily 
was an internal decision to ensure that all our investments adhere strictly to our internal ROI 
norms that we have set. Point number two, in terms of what is going to be the impact of that, 
we are looking at a very moderate impact of anywhere between say three to five months 
delay in the timelines that we have set for all our current projects across Baroda, Bareilly and 
Mahad. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, sir got it. My third question would be, as we have seen that the demand would been 
muted for camphor due to festive season was not actively being there we have seen due to 
COVID and pandemic situation. Now, the situation has been opening up, are we seeing the 

 
Page 4 of 18 
demand and due to destocking or the supplier has been in the stocking mode and we are 
being flat on the demand in this festival season? 
Parag Satoskar: 
On the demand side, we have seen that the whole world has had a muted celebrations for 
the past two years, and every festival has been welcomed with open arms by the consumers. 
So, we are seeing that demand for camphor is probably strong and will stay strong in the 
festive season. What is probably the challenge part is the realization, and the competitive 
landscape which is becoming a little more complex on the camphor side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
My first question is, Parag as you mentioned that this year we are guiding for 7% to 10% 
EBITDA margin. The question is that, we have a very diverse product basket across product 
groups. And generally what we have seen is that, when you have a diverse product basket, 
things balance out and the impact on margin is less volatile. But in our case, even after few 
month of CAPEX looks like we have not been able to pass on the entire RM price increase and 
logistic cost increase. So, can you dwell upon this to any specific products which are 
contributing to this margin squeeze or product concentration within our product portfolio 
that is leading to this, some color on why such a sharp drop in EBITDA margin on a sustained 
period, if you can elaborate? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. So, firstly, Dhwanil I would like to say that as a broad philosophy, Oriental Aromatics 
always believes in under committing and over delivering so that’s the broad philosophy point 
number one. Point number two if we look at the industry that we cater to, which is the 
fragrance.  
Moderator:  
Mr. Desai, do you have any further questions? 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Yes, so one more I have is, so in the last call, we were thinking that we will capitalize around 
180, 190 crore of new capital assets this year. So, what kind of asset turns that we are looking 
at, we have guided for 1.5 to 1.7 times, and what is the timeline for reaching those kind of 
revenue from the capitalized assets. In the next two, three years are we planning to reach 
that number? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
As explained in the previous calls, the CAPEX is now again restarting, the layout of that CAPEX 
is going to be the requirements of funds as we need them, the numbers still the same. And 
we’re looking at a three to five month delay in commissioning phase wise across Bareilly, 
Baroda and Mahad, so I believe that. I’ll just answer this question the second one Parag and 
then you can go back to the first one. So, I would say in the next financial year, you would see 
at least the Baroda, Bareilly numbers coming in. And shortly after that, you would see the 

 
Page 5 of 18 
Mahad numbers coming in. So it’s basically we are looking at an 18 to 24 month process to 
arrive at those numbers. 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Baroda we commercialize early FY24, is that? 
Dharmil Bodani:  
FY23, Parag what are the timelines. The question is the timelines on the CAPEX, 
commissioning of the various plants and you have that. 
Parag Satoskar:  
Yes. So, Dhwanil I’ll probably answer your first question and then move to the second one, if 
that’s okay. So, I was just kind of saying that from a demand perspective, we all have to be 
extremely mindful, at least we are that in our business, the consumption of the finished 
product which is the fragrance or the soap, or the shampoo has not diminished. Neither did it 
increase in 2020 and 2021, when we were seeing a tremendous demand. So, all this demand 
in 2020, 2021 was kind of fueled by the industry overstocking itself, because of the challenges 
that everybody was facing in the supply chain. Another very interesting development that has 
happened in the last 30, 45 days, is we are seeing a lot of the China lockdown materials that 
were stuck now reaching the stock points globally. And kind of again creating a situation of 
overstocking. So, Dhwanil to answer your question, the demand is going to be there, the 
demand is going to be sustainable, the usage of our ingredients or our fragrances continues 
to stay strong. And as the world kind of gets into a more sustainable consumption pattern, 
we are going to probably again, reach a situation where we will be in a position to have a 
more kind of stable stage scenario, and then achieve our EBITDA margin, so that is what our 
understanding of the business is, and we are kind of monitoring it on a day to day basis. 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Okay. So, specific product or product group which is contributing to the margin pressure or it 
is across the board? 
Parag Satoskar:  
See, it is probably driven by the input cost, if you look at the margin pressure that we are 
currently experiencing, it is driven by the input costs. So, input cost have gone up across the 
board, if you look at power it has gone, if you look at freight it has gone, if you look at the 
petrol based raw materials that has gone, everything else which is left out has gone just like 
that. So, we are seeing across the board and as you rightly said that the diverse product 
portfolio in fact gives us a much better chance of recovery because if we see certain raw 
material groups kind of falling in place in terms of the raw material pricing and we having a 
very stable pricing for our finished goods, we will be able to kind of re achieve or regain that 
EBITDA faster. 
Dharmil Bodani:  
The second question was related to the CAPEX layout. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. So, if we look at our Baroda side, the Greenfield projects or the multiproduct 
hydrogenation facility project, we feel that it should be kind of completed, commissioned and 
validated by end of H1 2023. So, it’s calendar not financial, calendar H1, so, we are looking at 

 
Page 6 of 18 
the June 2023 commissioning, validating of all these products and the impact of this extra 
production on sales would probably be seen on the spot procurement side in H2 2023 
calendars and on the RFQ side more on the H1 2024 calendar, this is about the Baroda site. 
On the Mahad site, we all knew that there were delays in terms of the environmental 
clearance. However, we have received that and we have quickly now moved ahead in the 
areas like plot development, et cetera, et cetera. And those are absolutely taken on war 
footing. But unfortunately, because of the rain, the basic layouting of the plot might probably 
have to wait for a month or so, but we are not wasting our time there we are kind of trying to 
do our process reengineering, et cetera, et cetera completed. So, when we have developed 
the plot we will be in a position to kind of quickly start our construction of the plants and the 
utility plant. So again there we are looking at a timeline of H1, end of H1 calendar 2023 for 
commissioning our first plant and moving forward and on the Bareilly side where we are 
doing the Brownfield project. Like I said, last quarter we have completed the propanol 
expansion. We are also doing some small expansions in the other product mix on the terpene 
chemicals, which probably should be done before say end of before October 2022. And we 
should start getting those numbers added to our top line in 2023 calendar. 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Just one follow up, 1.5 and 1.7 remains as it is? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
He had asked this question on our assets 1.5, 1.7? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes, it will. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Some of my questions have already been answered. One of them was, is your plant US FDA 
approved for camphor? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes.  
Aakash Javeri: 
Okay. So, do we see any risk to our camphor business due to competitors or being backward 
integrated? 
Parag Satoskar: 
This whole motion of being backward integrated probably, is something which needs to be 
debated a lot further than probably an investor call. Because, the advantage that we have in 
terms of having well established global supply chains for our raw materials developed over 
the past 65 years plus having a well function, well-oiled camphor plant, the product out of 
which has been accepted by our customer for the past 50 years, more than compensates or 

 
Page 7 of 18 
some advantage that you might have in terms of the so called concept of backward 
integration, which itself can be challenged.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. And I would like to add here, is that the delta currently between the CST based raw 
materials and alpha pining or the beta pining is there it exists, but it does not really put 
Oriental Aromatics in a situation where competition will have a advantage in terms of selling 
price or in terms of realization. And having said that, I believe that a company like ours, who 
does have a need for alpha pining, beta pining and all of other products that are routed 
through CSD, it’s a matter of time that, we would be in a position to confirm our expansion 
plans in Mahad, which at this point, I would like to inform you that it will contain CST as part 
of the product mix. 
Aakash Javeri: 
So thank you so much. Just another question was, do you see your clients trying to diversify 
away from China, or I’m trying to get a sense of where exactly are our competitors –26:27, 
apart from India?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Aakash to answer your question, the China plus one, China plus two strategy has been in 
place for a while now we’ve moved on beyond that and now in fact our clients are kind of 
exploring not only the country of preference for buying raw materials, but also the size of the 
supply chain, we have situations where we have competitors who make the same products. 
And, we compete with them when we supply those materials to them, or supply those 
materials in the global markets, but in their operations in India or Singapore, they buy from 
us because of the condensed supply chain, which gives them guarantee of business 
continuity. So, the whole concept of China alternatives has been in play and now the 
customers have gone beyond that and looking at even more innovative procurement 
strategies.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from NB Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: 
I have two questions. One is if you see in last financial year, in the Q1 and Q2, we have done 
230 crores of quarterly sales. And in Q3 and Q4 it’s around 205 and 203 crores of sales. So in 
the Q1 of last year call, it was mentioned that all our clients at that time was running at full 
utilization. So now in Q3, Q4, the sales were down quarterly. So what I want to know is, if this 
drop in sales was due to the dropping demand, or was it due to the decrease in the raw 
material prices or what is the reason for that?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Rajesh thanks for the question. It was beyond going extremely micro, but it was primarily 
a combination of certain shutdowns that we had taken in the month of September, where we 
were going to kind of hook up our single product plant in Baroda that had a little bit of the 
impact on the production and which had an impact on the overall top line. And you also 
looked at, there was also a little bit of client overturn which happens on the fragrance side, 

 
Page 8 of 18 
where we were looking at new client acquisition and letting go certain clients where we felt 
the business was not very, very profitable for us over the long period of time. And so, we 
probably would have seen not a very substantial but a little bit of a drop in terms of the top 
line and Q4 historically is a little bit of an offseason quarter primarily because of no festival 
then so you have the camphor sales, which gets carried over. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Just a follow up on this, the reason for asking that question was, the reason for drop in our 
margins is it due to the drop in demand or is it due to an increase in raw material prices and 
we are not able to pass it on completely to the customers? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. So, Rajesh to answer your question, the production quantities probably would not be 
driven by our inability to pass on the price increase, because the production quantities are 
depending on our production plans and our capacities at the plant. So, I can very safely say 
and Girish can correct, that if you look at our overall yearly production last year, compared to 
the year before that, we had a probably a 10% increase in terms of the volume of production. 
So, if you look at our ability to kind of extract production from our plants, we are there. Like I 
said, that there might have been certain aberrations which would have been caused because 
of, so there was lag in demand, neither was there a problem in the plant, but these are fully 
kind of in the routine of running the plants incidents that happened, which kind of need to be 
mitigated. Otherwise, if you look at a broad picture year-on-year, we have shown an increase 
in the production. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. So it is basically because of this increase in input prices, since raw material prices are –
31:33 logistics that we are unable to pass it on to the customer is that is the main reason for 
the drop in margins. Is that a fair assessment? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes.  
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, my second question is regarding the new CAPEX, so enough has been said about the 
amount being spent, asset turnover and now you have given the revised the schedule. My 
question to you is, assuming that all the projects would be ready, based on the timeline you 
have given, how much time does it take to run at full capacity based on the current scenario 
of demand?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Rajesh to answer your question I would go back to again, a general philosophy that we 
have in Oriental, which is that whenever we launch a product we use the first three to six 
months, because it’s a generic specialty aroma ingredient, to really gain customer acceptance 
for all these products. And it is our stated objective to focus on acquiring anywhere between 
33% to 50% of the available market share within the first 1000 days of the plant being 
commissioned. So this is our philosophy, so when you look at this philosophy our objective is 
to kind of take the plan to optimum or to 75% to 80% of the capacity within these 1000 days 

 
Page 9 of 18 
and then still have some capacity left for the CAGR growth that will happen in that particular 
product based on our understanding of that product.  
Rajesh Jain: 
So based on this, so if I take it as the end of FY24, as the commissioning by which all your 
plans would have been commissioned, so three years from that would be a fair assessment to 
take them running at full capacity utilization. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
It will probably be a little less than that if we look at our past track record, but you can take 
three years as an outer number for us to really reach in the worst possible scenario. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Progressive Share Brokers Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Sir, I have two quick questions before I fall back in the queue. The first one is related to follow 
up probably on the US FDA approved camphor. So some of these pain management 
companies which are in large space, they have been growing aggressively. So would you like 
to take us through the current scenario with US FDA approved camphor versus the pain 
management industry and our contribution towards that? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Rohit first of all thank you very much for your wishes. The whole team is very, very excited 
to really be part of this celebration. To answer your question, Oriental historically has 
probably been one of the first companies to really play an active role in the pain management 
space in India as well as globally. So, we remain committed to that, that space in many cases 
has a lot of entry barriers in in terms of drug master file, et cetera, et cetera, which need to 
be taken care of. And we at Oriental Aromatics can safely say that we’ve been there and done 
that. So, that kind of gives us a better positioning of the product globally point number one, 
better acceptability of the product globally point number two, with our existing players, 
where we are seeing a consistent and a sustainable growth happening and like you rightly 
said that when we are seeing the competitive landscape in India change in camphor, we are 
exploring all options that are available on the table to really try to address and be part of not 
only the pain management space, but other areas which are opening up which right now, I do 
not have the liberty to share with but which are opening up where we will see our future 
growth coming. So, camphor for us is a product which yes, definitely plays a very key role in 
the religious and the puja space, but also as a very dynamic and ever expanding role in the 
global industry apart from pain management. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
Rohit: 
My second question is related to the innovations done, green chemistry and green 
technologies which we’ve been talking about, and then there’s one part of the reengineering 
of the existing molecules, if you can just help us understand what exactly do we do in case of 
re-engineering the older molecules are part of the high value, low volume kind of products. 
And second part to that is, are all the plants zero liquid discharge, the ones that will be 
coming in future as well? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, the whole world has given this green chemistry or green engineering a very pivotal space 
and Oriental believes in that strategy right from the start, just to give you a perspective, our 
Bareilly plants water consumption in the past was 1000 kilo liters a day. And, we did a project 
there, and we kind of brought it down from 1000 kilo liters to 185 kilo liters a day. That’s a 
reduction of 90%. So, it’s all very, very simple things and this is what we call as the chemical 
process reengineering part of our business, so for example if you’re using a catalyst system A, 
which we’ve been using for the past 25 years, and there are new catalyst systems that have 
come. So, how do you kind of homologate or incorporate those new catalyst systems. How do 
you look at atom efficiency, how do you look at each carbon that is there in your molecule 
being coming from the petrol route or coming from the carbon route, and how can you 
convert the petro route carbon into the sustainable carbon. So, these are all very exciting, 
very interesting discussions that are happening at the innovation table, all of them are guided 
by the creative team on the fragrance side as to the birthplace of these ideas, and then taken 
up by our ingredients R&D team to really explore and see how we can kind of make them see 
the light of the day. So, we are kind of phasing this program into three aspects or three 
elements. One is something where we are seeing some immediate effects, I’ve given you 
examples. The other is where we see our studies which we are doing today, making us a more 
sustainable player in the very near future. And then we are creating a master list of raw 
materials which today are coming from the non-sustainable route. I’m coming on the ZLD 
part. So all plants, our Baroda site today has the ability to discharge 121KLD into the common 
effluent treatment plant. So that will stay because that has deep sea discharge. But apart 
from that all our plants here in Baroda, or in Mahad, Mahad will be full zero liquid discharge 
from day one. Baroda will have a zero liquid discharge philosophy beyond that 121 KL and we 
are also actively working in Bareilly to make it zero liquid discharge, which is our objective in 
the next 500 days. 
Rohit: 
Are we are we looking at flow chemistry processes to be imbibed in the upcoming times? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Can you please repeat what chemistry? 
Rohit: 
Flow chemistry, when you speak about catalysts. So, there could be an addition where the 
entire instead of the batch processes, we have a continuous flow of the molecules or 
processes for chemistry, are we looking at that? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, the answer is yes and no, the answer is wherever we have reached a critical mass, where 
we feel that moving from a batch stroke campaign processing to a continuous process will 
help us get benefits in terms of yields or costs and performance and sustainability. We are 
exploring that and we have done that in the last four to five years, there are a lot of batch 
processes, once they reach certain critical mass have been converted into continuous. But, if 
you look at the specialty ingredients space, a lot of the products here are kind of at volumes 
where it is really not sustainable to convert a batch process into a continuous process. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Sethia from Idot Financial Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Sir what was the volume growth in this quarter? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish has mentioned it, it was 5% in production and 2% in sale.  
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. And what’s the revenue guidance for the current year and how much of that would be 
volume growth? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Volume growth, we are expecting 5% overall, 4% to 5%. So, like I said that we probably have a 
continuous steady stream of products which we have launched last year, which we’ll see 
more customers accepting it. So, we probably are looking at a revenue guidance of anywhere 
between 5% to 7% and volume growth like I said, between 5% to 10%.  
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. So just one thing, if you look at our year-on--year growth which is flat almost 2%. And 
we are saying we grew our volumes was 5% in this quarter right?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes. 
Rajat Sethia: 
So, it means pricing has come down, because total revenue growth is 2%, volumes is 5%. 
pricing has come down while we are saying raw material prices are going up? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, it’s a very interesting question. We all have to be mindful that when for a lot of the other 
verticals, we have been pretty successful or partially successful in passing on the price hikes 
to the consumer, camphor is one area which is a matter of concern where we are seeing a 
continuous reduction in the pricing. But, that reduction in the pricing also is not extremely 
worrisome, because camphor again is one of the product areas where the key raw material 
price also is kind of stable, or is coming down a little bit. And so, that is the reason why we 
are seeing that part of the business where we are seeing, which is very, very competitive, 
where we are seeing a reduction in the pricing. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. And you have given yearly guidance so this year you’re given guidance of 7% to 10% 
EBITDA margins. So, question is, you already have, do you think that you may revise it 
upwards towards the end of the year or you already have visibility that revise it upwards or 

 
Page 12 of 18 
downwards towards the end of the year or you already have visibility that this is what the 
margins are going to be? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I will take that question. So, the answer to that is yes, we have visibility and therefore we are 
giving a guidance of 7% to 10%. Whether we would revise this or not, it’s too early for us to 
say because there are way too many uncertainties at the moment, geopolitically we don’t 
know which way prices of raw materials would go because we’re seeing a certain category of 
materials, where the prices have started correcting, certain category of materials where they 
haven’t and we will continue to be the various catalysts that also come out of Russia Ukraine. 
So, it’s very complex situation right now for us to confirm that we would revise this, we’d like 
to stay for this financial year with this guidance and having said that, we still maintain that 
the long term guidance over a period of five years still continues to blend 15%, 17% because 
of the different products that we are going to add in both Baroda and Mahad. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. And what will be the peak debt when we will be done with our CAPEX? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Pardon, can you repeat your question? 
Rajat Sethia: 
Peak debt when we are done with our CAPEX in next one and a half years or so, what will be 
the peak debt? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
It takes one and a half year and so we are expecting including term loan is around 250 and 
300. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Getam from Alpha Invesco. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Getam: 
I just wanted to understand on the CST side. So after the CST process followed in Mahad 
phase one or phase two? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Sorry, I didn’t hear the question, did you hear it? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
You are saying the question is about CST, and you’re saying that it will be in phase one or 
phase two?  
Abhishek Getam: 
Yes. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I’ll answer that, we’ll have to just wait and watch which product mix we can choose, it 
we’ll be there, we are going to go ahead with backward integration. We will announce in 
probably the next quarter in more detail as to the timeline. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Okay. So just follow up on that is, the CST method developed it internally R&D team internally 
or there’s a technology partner involved in this?  

 
Page 13 of 18 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, it’s completely internal R&D.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Sarda from VL Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijay Sarda: 
My question revolves around two things. One, if I look at a bit trajectory going ahead, as you 
rightly said, we will be looking at 15% kind of margin in next three to five years. But in 
immediate term, if I look at we have been getting much more pressure on the margins on 
account of raw material. So, if I just look across, we are not the only one in the space who 
might be getting penalized on account of raw material, but entire industry. So, what is the 
sustainable margin where the industry will stabilize or there is a dumping going on from 
China in this product, so that we are not been able to because, ultimately first we have seen 
that, because of the inventory, high cost inventory line we were getting susceptible to the 
margins, because of the raw material inventory. Now, we have seen almost four, five quarters 
where we have seen the margin depleting and in last, so many quarters we have not seen our 
margin going below 12%, 15% or we have seen the base debt 35%, 40%. So, that was already 
obviously one off, but when we can normalize to a normal margin because, from your 
conservatism, you are also sounding to be very cautious, saying that 10% you will be able to, 
but on an absolute basis, your business as you have moved also from commodity to 
specialized product and your journeys continuing in that direction. So, at particular point of 
time, I should see at least given the quality of product and in terms of me getting to a higher 
scale in terms of specialization, our margin should interpret higher. So what are the problems 
that we are currently, are we still sitting on high cost inventories or there is a raw material 
pressure and industry which were supplying we are not getting any price escalation, because 
this is the fourth quarter we have seen the margin below 10% almost? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, Vijay there are too many questions, which probably each is a is a separate question. So, if 
we are looking at probably a question that is that when are we going to achieve that 15% to 
17% or how, I would like to reiterate that we are a very kind of a different player in the 
industry, where we have a very diverse areas of business that we cater to we are not purely a 
fragrance and flavor compounding company, we are not purely a fully integrated fragrance 
and flavor compounding company, neither are we purely a camphor company. So, we have 
we much diverse portfolio, and our estimates. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Sorry, Parag and neither are we only a chemical. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. And so our long term EBITDA expectations are based on a stable stage scenario in 
the areas of businesses that we operate point number one. And point number two, the 
diversity gives us the ability, I wouldn’t probably use the word hedge because it will sound 
too aggressive, but to kind of counterbalance the opportunities that come. So, that 15% to 
17% is based on this philosophy of what’s going to happen 1000 days from now, when our full 
R&D program, or the might of the specialty ingredients division is actually at par with our 

 
Page 14 of 18 
camphor and chemicals division point number one. So, how does this enable our creative and 
the fragrance and flavor division to really add value to their customers, point number two. So 
all these things are currently work in progress. And during that time, if the stable state 
scenario gets disrupted over an extremely long period of time, it is but obvious that since we 
are not completely absolved or insulated from the outside world, we are going to have these 
hiccups and shocks. Are we the only ones who are facing it, probably no. Are we the only 
ones who are facing it for a sustainable three or four quarters, probably no. Are we mindful of 
it, definitely yes. Are we watching it, definitely yes. Are we going to work on it, definitely yes. 
So, it’s a combination of all these things, what probably you have to look at is that whether 
the management is mindful, or are we kind of talking things which doesn’t seem to be real. 
Vijay Sarda: 
I have been listening to even last quarter. So from the third quarter where the margins were 
high, you already cautioned that this margin will sustain, but when the margin is getting bad, 
we are not getting a visible time when it will recover and when it will go to normalcy that is 
where I’m coming from. So, it has nothing to do with overall company. I just want you to 
understand how the overall sectorial scenario is there in terms of demand, supply where we 
have not been able to pass on the price, or when we can see margin is normalizing to a level 
where we feel the pains are behind, that is where I’m coming to sir. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. And I’m sure that as we move on, and as we see some level of a stable state scenario 
getting built across the industries that we operate in. I’m sure our future call, if and when we 
see that situation. We will be more than happy to share with you a lot of more information as 
we already our endeavor is. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bobby Jayaraman from Falcon Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
At 7% to 10% EBITDA margin, are you able to realize your return on invested capital target for 
your new capital expenditure? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes, Bobby, to answer your question yes.  
Bobby Jayaraman: 
So, what is it, what is the ROI that we see at this kind of a margin? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
On this kind of a margin, our ROI would be around 10% to 12%. But this margin as we already 
said that in the long term our goal is to generate the EBITDA of 15% to 17%. So definitely ROI 
will improve. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Right, but if it doesn’t, will this CAPEX be viable? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Mr. Parag you can talk about shocking balance sheet exercise that we do now. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. So, Bobby as an internal exercise as an as an internal sounding board we have done 
our complete math of what if scenario where if the margin stay at the level that they are or 
even probably come down by a percentage point EBITDA margins. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Which would be the worst case. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. Would we be able to sustain our expenses, the answer is yes. Would we be able to 
kind of justify working capital, the answer is yes. Would we be able to kind of manage our 
repayment of debt, the most important question that is internally asked, the answer is yes. So 
we have done this exercise internally. And as of now, looking at the worst case scenario, we 
should be in a position to kind of keep the ship afloat in spite of the debt. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Right. And what is the stable state that you talk about, what in your mind as a stable state? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, when I look at, it’s a very interesting question. So, when I look at a stable state, I look at a 
situation where #A, the general environment of running the business seems to be very 
normal. #B, the availability of raw materials, most of them you always have probably 
challenges in one side or the other, but most of them are probably kind of visible, they 
probably might not be kind of available to everybody, but are visible so you can go ahead and 
procure them. You have some level of stability in terms of the demand forecasting that your 
customers share with you on a regular basis so you know what you have to procure and what 
you have to supply them. These are things which constitute for us at Oriental, a kind of a 
stable state scenario which we have had for some years and which is completely lacking for 
the past two years. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Looks more like an ideal state actually. Much of this raw material volatility has actually come 
down pretty much normal. If you look at companies like Galaxy Surfactants cater to the same 
end users that you do, they don’t have the kind of margin pressures you have? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So Bobby, they have a completely different product mix that they cater to the same 
customers, they are not suppliers of fragrances to my FMCG customers. So if you look at 
Galaxy Surfactants, and if you ask somebody who kind of uses palm oil today as a raw 
material source, and if you tell him that the raw materials have come back to normal, they 
probably would challenge your statement. So, it’s not an apple to apple comparison when 
you’re looking at just, you probably would have to look at a fragrance manufacturer who is 
supplying to the FMCG players and then compare our situation with them.  
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Okay. So what is the specific input cost that is still way out of…can you give two or three step 
input?  
Parag Satoskar: 
So, Bobby to answer your question if you combine the requirements of our fragrance, flavor 
terpene chemicals and our aroma ingredients specialty, we have more than 2000 materials. I 

 
Page 16 of 18 
would say broadly, all the materials across the board, which I had mentioned earlier in this 
call, were kind of way above our expected price, I am seeing that all of them have kind of 
stabilized in terms of the price hike that we are seeing. A lot of them depending on the 
demand supply situation globally have stabilized at that higher price point. And some of them 
have started showing a gradual decrease in the price but, if you ask me that, have they all 
reached at the 2019 price points, probably not none of them.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
Bobby just to add here, you can also give him the reference of the information on all these 
various chemicals which are used in the flavor of fragrance side, there is a specific you can 
comment later we will give you a link where you will have an idea of what’s going on with 
these raw material prices so you can get a good handle.  
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Are they from China primarily? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
They are from globally, so it’s China, Vietnam, it’s all over the world. So in the amount of raw 
materials that we use just in sheer numbers, there isn’t a single source country for them. 
Parag has mentioned 2000 ingredients, I’d like to correct in the fragrance division, we are 
using over 2000 ingredients, in the fragrance and flavor vertical. So, there are in terms of 
specifics for you to see, its doesn’t make sense, because you need to see and there is 
information available which we Anuj and we will share it with you. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Right, I understand that, what I don’t quite get is, that why are we expecting these prices to 
return to 2019 levels, there is increased? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We are not expecting them to return to 19 levels, there is a new normal and that new normal 
needs to stabilize, we are finding that the new normal is not stabilizing. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Right. So the new normal is going to be far higher than you were used to before when you 
were expecting these 15%, 17% margins right. So, if it stabilizes on higher level, you will have 
to increase your costs and your prices to your customers, there’s no way around it. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes Bobby, we have taken your feedback in a very positive way. Like Dharmil rightly said that 
we are aware of the new normal, like Dharmil rightly said that, that new normal is not 
stabilizing, we are always mindful of what are the price increases that we have to do, 
wherever they are due and wherever they can be achieved we do it and wherever we feel 
that we need to pause, where is the competitive landscape is a little challenging, we kind of 
are not in a position to pass them on in the first go. But since we are the incumbents and we 
have a lot of control on the process, and the raw materials, we are one of the lowest cost 
manufacturers of each of the products that we make. So, we are aware of the new normal, 
we are mindful of it. The only challenge of achieving the stable stage is probably to really 
achieve that stable stage in the new normal which we are not seeing and which will 
eventually come If there are no more shocks. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Saurabh an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Saurabh: 
So, question number one would be, what is the inventory and receivable debt vis-à-vis Q4 
and Q1, how have that changed? 
Management: 
It stays in the same level. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Now, second question, when I look at as a long term investor, that one challenge that the 
company Oriental Aromatics has seen is volatility in the margins. Now, on one hand we say 
that we have a very diversified portfolio which should ideally be insulating, but is that in itself 
a problem because we don’t have the focus, because one basic tenant that we as a investor 
would see that if we are becoming more and more specialized, or say moving up the value 
chain, then the volatility in the margin should come down. So while all the scaling up and 
CAPEX and say diversified portfolio is fine, but unless and until it is leading to say a more 
lesser standard division as far as margins are concerned, it does raise some concerns. So, is it 
like beyond portfolio or beyond CAPEX things that we need to do like say long term contract 
thing, or maybe more specialization or something and again, you guys are expert, but I’m just 
thinking more from a long term perspective what else can be done to just mitigate or make 
this margin volatility band much more narrow than what it currently is? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, Saket to probably I’ll attempt to answer your question, the volatility in the magazines, has 
probably been driven by #A, the challenges which are more external in terms of the shocks 
that we have already mentioned. I’m not going to repeat it. When you’re talking of focus, 
focus is a very relative term, because the ultimate industry whom the specialty ingredients 
division, actually supplies to has more than like Dharmil said 2000 ingredients which they 
consume. Out of that if you look at my ability where I’m producing not more than say 60 to 
70 of them, I am in a zone where I will be able to maintain the focus, because we are not like 
the pharma industry where if you look at say, the anti-cancer drugs you just have 10 drugs to 
work in, for us it’s that basket which makes Oriental a very, very exciting company to work 
with. And this has already been acknowledged by our customers globally. What we need to 
probably reiterate and we emphasize that a lot of these pressures on margins are probably 
driven by external factors and which are impacting all the divisions and when some level of 
stable situation comes, even if it comes in two divisions, we are going to see that is the 
advantage that Oriental offers that, stable stage might start coming even in two divisions. 
And we will see a rationalization of margins there and we are looking at the long term, the 
whole CAPEX, et cetera, et cetera is probably in that zone where we will still be making 
probably not more than 5% to 7% what a perfumers palette is when he sits down to make a 
fragrance. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit from Progressive Share Brokers Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Rohit: 
If we look at our word and the new normal, we have to work a lot on the internal cost 
reduction programs, and the expenses that we have. Coming back to the questions, we are 
paying some license fees which is for some technical knowhow that is to the tune of 3.5 to 4 
crore every year. So, what are these related to and what are these contracts or when are they 
renewed? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, the license fees that you’re talking about and Girish can correct me if I’m wrong is 
primarily the license fees that we are giving it to one of our associates in Israel, about –
1:07:34 technology that we had taken from them and that particular agreement is going to be 
active till 2025, so after that we don’t have to keep pay the licenses fees. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So, is it for the bond can we not reverse engineer that contract or the technology? 
Parag Satoskar: 
We are bound by that agreement. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We are bound over the agreement, so we can’t midway modify it.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, as that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for closing 
comments. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings con call. I hope we’ve been able to answer your 
question satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about 
the company, we would be happy to be of assistance. We are very thankful to all our 
investors who have continued to stand by us and also have confidence in the company’s 
growth plan and focus. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
