Vizne— 
wgeu fares 
: 
tag 
3 
meee oe ee 
= 
(eT UP HT afar) 
IT RITES 
Te Faas 
RITES LIMITED 
—— 
(Schedule ‘A’ Enterprise of Govt. of India) 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
Date: August 05, 2022 
  
To 
To 
Listing Department, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, | BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
  
| Scrip Code- RITES 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
  
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet 
- Transcript of the Conference Call on 
Financial Results for Quarter ended on 30" June, 2022 
Ref: 
Reaqulation 
30 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Board 
of 
India 
(Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Reauirements} Regulations 2015 
Sir/Ma'am, 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript 
of the Conference 
call with analysts and 
investors held on Friday, July 29, 2022 to discuss the Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter ended on 30" June, 2022. 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
  
Joshit 
Ranjan Sikidar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A32442 
Transforming to GREEN* 
atatte orate: Rrax, wile a. 
1, Weet-29, YWITA—-122 001 
(HIXd), Corporate Office: Shikhar, Plot No.1, Sector-29, Gurugram-122 001 (INDIA) 
usted artes: caly AMR, cell are, feech—110 092 (TRA), Registered Office: SCOPE Miner, Laxmi Nagar, Delhi- 110 092 (INDIA) 
GRAIG (Tel.): (0124) 2571666, WaT (Fax): (0124) 2571660, ¥.Aa (E-mail) info@rites.com @aUISE (Website): www.rites.com 
CIN: L74899DL1974G01007227

RITES Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
  
Event Date 
/ Time 
: 29/07/2022, 11:00 Hrs 
Event Duration 
: 
58 mins 21 secs 
e 
Management: 
Shri Rahul Mithal 
Chairman and Managing Director 
Shri Gopi Sureshkumar Varadarajan 
Director-Projects 
Shri Anil Vij 
Director-Technical 
Shri. Bibhu Prasad Nayak 
Director-Finance 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-1-

Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
1. 
Sanjay Doshi 
Nippon India Mutual Fund 
2. 
Jainam Shah 
Equirus Securities Private Limited 
3. 
Chintan Sheth 
Sameeksha Capital 
4. 
Uttam Srimal 
Axis Securities ltd 
5. 
Arafat Saiyed 
Reliance Securities 
6. 
Anuj Jain 
ValueQuest Capital 
7. 
Parimal Mithani 
Individual Investor 
8. 
Shreyans Mehta 
Equirus 
9. 
Gaurav Jahagirdar 
Individual Investor 
10. Venkatesh Subramanian 
LogicTree 
11.Viraj Mithani 
Jupiter Financial 
12. Nikhil Abhyankar 
DAM Capital 
13.Ms. Prachi kadam 
IDBI Capital 
14.Rohan Samant 
Multi-Act 
15. Rohit Natarajan 
Antique 
16.Kunal Sheth 
B&K 
17.Harshit Kapadia 
Elara Capital 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-2-

Moderator 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Kritika, moderator for RITES limited Q1 FY23 earnings 
conference call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participants lines will 
be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing 
*, then 
0 on your touch-tone telephone. Please note this conference 
is 
recorded. 
| would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar 
Thank you Kritika, on behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome you all to the Q1 FY23 earnings call of 
RITES Limited. We have with us Shri Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing Director; Shri Gopi 
Sureshkumar Varadarajan, Director-Projects, Shri Anil Vij, Director-Technical, Shri Bibhu Prasad 
Nayak, Director-Finance. Without much delay, 
I'll hand over the call to CMD sir to take over the 
proceedings. Thank you. 
Management Team 
Good 
morning, 
everybody. 
Let me 
begin 
with 
the customary Safe 
Harbor statement. 
The 
presentation, press release, which we have uploaded on our website yesterday and discussions 
during 
the 
call today, 
may 
have some forward-looking 
statements. 
These statements 
are 
considering the environment we see as of today. And obviously carry a risk in terms of uncertainty 
because of which the actual results would be different. We do not undertake to update those 
statements periodically. 
Now, let me give you a brief overview of the performance of Q1, you must have already seen the 
details. 
It's an exciting time for us here at Team RITES. We are surging ahead. The Q1 results 
show that we continue to be on the path of a V-shaped recovery, as 
| said, which is in syne with 
the rebound of the economy. 
The key takeaways have been that the Q1 
of this year has been the highest ever operating 
revenue of Q1 ever. Not only that, but it’s also the highest ever core EBIDTA of Q1, highest ever 
profit of Q1 and the highest ever EPS of Q71. 
It’s also a growth as you see a 70% year-on-year 
growth 
in revenue. 
It's an 85% year-on-year growth 
in profit. And we have already declared an 
interim dividend 
of ¥4 per share. 
So, this has been possible due to 
a continued momentum 
coming across all our sectors of revenue and very disciplined execution at the ground level as 
well as very closely monitored cost cutting measures. Further on the business development front, 
there have been a very encouraging trend. We have got 90 orders in Q1 itself totaling to about 
700 crore. And the order book has jumped by about = 250 crore from 31st March to 30th June. 
So, with those brief opening comments, 
| hand over the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
If you 
have a question, please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the 
question. 
If you'd 
like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing 
* and 
1 
again. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-3-

Participants are kindly requested to restrict with one question in the initial round and may join the 
queue for further questions. Ladies and gentlemen, 
if you have a question, please press * and 
1 
on your telephone keypad. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. First 
question comes from Rohit Natarajan from Antique. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan 
Thank you. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the export’s potential. We 
understand that earlier you were looking at some international projects, but due to COVID, things 
weren't really moving at the pace what you decide, but now it's back to normalization. So, are we 
looking at some big-ticket numbers over there? 
If you're looking what exactly is the timeline for 
conversion of the two orders, and what exactly will be the tentative margin profile that you would 
be building in. 
Management Team 
Right. So, as you understand, there are two parts of our international revenue. One is international 
consultancy, and one is Expotech, that is export of rolling stock. So, coming first to international 
consultancy, as 
| pointed out after the last quarter that in FY’21-22, we did an all-time high of 
® 100 crore in international consultancy, which was more than the average of about ¥ 60 odd crore 
in the previous years. And we had started bidding very aggressively in the last few months in a 
number of international consultancy leads and in fact, that has started giving us results already in 
the first quarter. So, in fact to name one or two 
big orders, which we have received in international 
consultancy, we have received the PMC for the Ghana Railways for about 
¥ 97 crore. We have 
received a construction supervision order for Guyana highways for about = 25 crore. 
So, 
these 
are some 
of the examples where 
our aggressive outreach 
in 
the 
international 
consultancy area has started giving results. Not only that, but it has also started converting into 
revenue, so the international consultancy 
in Q1 
has given us 
%45 crore as against a total of 
Rs.100 crore in the last FY. So, as you see there is a jump in that, and we will continue to focus 
in 
this area. The second 
portion 
is the Expotech, 
exports 
of rolling stock. As you correctly 
mentioned that in the last two to two-and-a-half years, we did not get any fresh orders of export 
of rolling stock. And the two live orders, which we got about two to two-and-a-half years back, 
they were in the process of delivery, that is Mozambique, and the Sri Lanka orders. 
And as I've been mentioning, 
in the beginning of this FY also, we had a balance of about = 400 
crore against one of these two orders. And we were expecting that by the end of Q2 and Q3, this 
order will complete. So, all efforts are now on to get some finite concrete orders across a number 
of leads. And we are quite confident that down the coming months, we will be able to get some 
big orders in exports, which will then have a lead time. So, 
it will take some months to get fructified 
into revenue. So, I'm expecting some export type revenue to start maturing against new orders 
by early Q1 next year. 
Rohit Natarajan 
Any tentative number or any near term like prospective number that you would look in? 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-4-

Management Team 
So, that will be speculative, we are following up on a number of leads to convert them 
into orders. 
And as soon as they fructify into orders, we will be informing you. Right now, they're all work in 
progress, but as 
| said, definitely some orders are expected to mature in the coming quarters. 
Rohit Natarajan 
Just to touch upon the same subject itself, now that given we have seen an inflationary pressures. 
Management Team 
| think you can come back for a follow-up question later. 
Rohit Natarajan 
Sure. No issues, yeah. 
Moderator 
Next question comes from Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta 
Yeah, sir. Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. Sir, two questions from my side. One 
in terms of the Consultancy and Turnkey, you know, we've seen, that we are almost back to the 
pre-COVID levels, 
in fact, better than the pre-COVID levels. So, are these 
in terms of revenue 
and margins, you know, sustainable? 
Management Team 
Well, 
we have made all our efforts to as 
| mentioned at the end of FY21-'22 that our target for 
21-22 was to come back to pre-COVID levels. And you correctly said we surpassed 
it by about 
8% both 
in top and bottom line. Even 
in Q1, we have, as 
| said done much better than the pre- 
COVID levels. Margins have been very good in Q1, but 
| think since as you correctly appreciate, 
our revenue is a mix of four streams and each one of them has a wide range of margins, while 
turnkey the margins are very low, and 
in QA, 
international consultancy and Consultancy 
in 
general, the margins are higher. So, while the mix changes from quarter 
to quarter and there may 
be a variation in the margins quarter to quarter, but yes, our efforts are to keep on a healthy mix 
of the four streams so that the margins are sustained at an appreciable level. 
Shreyans Mehta 
Got 
it, sure. And my second question 
is again pertaining to the export segment. Now that you 
know from the consultancy. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-5-

Management Team 
| think you can come back for your second question in the queue please, 
if you don't mind. 
Shreyans Mehta 
Sure. 
Moderator 
Participants are requested to ask one question 
in the initial round and may join the queue for 
further questions. We are having a question from Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia 
Thanks for the opportunity and an extremely good set of numbers and you know, coming back to 
the pre-COVID level, my congratulations to management for this performance. My question to 
you sir is, what is the order into pipeline that you look in the consultancy space, both domestic 
and international. You highlighted something on the international side, but what other geographies 
are we looking at apart from Ghana 
if you can share. Looking on the turnkey projects because 
the order inflow was reaching Q1, what projects are we looking in terms of the railway side which 
can 
be and 
a follow-up question 
is what 
is the quality assurance between the consultancy 
domestic number? 
Management Team 
So, as far as order book is concerned, 
as 
| mentioned, we got orders for about & 700 crore in Q1. 
Our current order book stands at about ¥ 5100 crore plus and the breakup is about ¥ 2500 crore 
in consultancy, about ¥2100 crore 
in turnkey, the balance 
in Expotech for the Mozambique 
is 
about 
= 350 crore and the balance 
is the leasing, etc. So, to answer your specific question 
in 
terms of targeting, which areas, so there are two to three points. 
In each of these segments, 
in 
consultancy, we have been targeting besides domestic consultancy across sectors, whether it is 
highways or ports or airports, tunnels, bridges, railways, QA, we have been targeting aggressively 
international consultancy in all. Whether it is metros, whether it is railways, whether it is highways, 
we have been targeting that continuously and as 
| said that showed results in Q1 with = 45 crore 
revenue. 
In terms of Expotech for international orders, we have been as 
| mentioned in my reply 
to the previous question, we are targeting both African as well as Southeast Asian countries. And 
we are aiming for them to mature into some orders by the latter part of this year. 
In Turnkey, we have an order book of about ¥ 2100 crore. 
In terms of railways Turnkey, we have 
been targeting, getting more and more works. Railways has changed over to the EPC mode. We 
are now already participating, targeting a number of railway tenders and coming months, will show 
how that pans out. Besides the turnkey in the railway infra, we are also looking at opportunities in 
the turnkey in certain building segments, 
in certain metro segments. So, going forward, we are 
targeting the turnkey domestic in a number of areas as also growing in international consultancy 
and exports. The QA has been showing a healthy trend. The QA revenue has been @ 89 crore in 
Q1, which is as against 
¥ 60 crore in the last Q1 of FY22. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-6-

Harshit Kapadia 
Thank you, sir, 
| will come back for more questions in the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Gaurav Jahagirdar, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jahagirdar 
Thank you, sir. My questions were already covered by the previous participants. Thank you. 
Management Team 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Next question comes from Venkatesh Subramanian from LogicTree. Please go 
ahead. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Good morning. Very nice numbers. Thank you. And your answers are also very clear. So, makes 
the life easy for all of us, sir. So, 
| have two questions. Second question, 
I'll reserve 
it for later. 
Question 
is out of the, apart from the 
4 streams of revenue that you mentioned, one 
of the 
important areas that we have been talking about in the last few quarters as being REMCL, which 
is the Renewable Energy Division and 
| think you had some big plans for this, and can you throw 
us some light on what kind of the opportunity 
it is, what is our focus, what kind of top line can we 
expect from that particular division in say 2-3 years’ time sir. 
Management Team 
So, REMCL has been doing well. 
In fact, the Quarter One results have shown a growth vis-a-vis 
Q1 of FY2122. 
It's been a growth in both top line and bottom line, ¥27 crore top line, ¥ 14 crore 
bottom line. 
It has taken a number of initiatives, so traditional work of doing the power purchase 
for Indian railways that has been growing, 
it has also floated a number of tenders for solar power. 
Our windmill plant at Jaisalmer, that has shown an all-time high 
in terms of the availability, 
in 
terms of the output, in terms of the revenue. So, REMCL has been showing a 
lot of growth and 
| 
foresee 
it playing more and more role 
in the renewable energy sector also, besides doing the 
traditional work of power purchase for the Indian railways. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
So, the size of the opportunity over there and our plans envisaged, 
if 
| remember, some concalls 
about 4-5 quarters back, the top line that division can generate or say in two years’ time, 
it was a 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-7-

very significant number that was mentioned, 
sir. Can you share with us what kind of vision you 
have say 2-3 years down the line in terms of top line for that particular division, REMCL? 
Management Team 
You see REMCL has been, we have been trying to garner more and more opportunities 
in 
development of solar power and that has to fructify, and we've had various rounds of trying to get 
into that and now also, we have floated two tenders for developing solar power, both on the 
developer mode. So, going forward as these find their finality, 
| think then you will see a jump in 
the top line and the bottom line as against the normal sustained growth, so that will be the tipping 
point for seeing the vertical growth. 
| think in the coming quarters, because as 
| said these are 
developmental tender, these are early on, so there are products based on the stakeholders’ 
interaction, we are trying to find the best solution which is a win-win situation for both us and the 
stakeholders. So, 
| think going forward, you will see more finite larger growth in the bottom and 
top lines of REMCL. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
If everything goes well, can that be ¥ 1000 Crore top line intake? 
Management Team 
| won't like to speculate a number, but 
| said the vision is very clear to go in a big way forward as 
these mature into finite orders and finite things, the coming months, we will be informing you and 
I'll be sharing more details as they fructify into finite orders. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Viraj Mithani from Jupiter Finance. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mithani 
Good morning, 
sir, and congratulations on good set of numbers. My question 
is regarding, you 
mentioned about Smart City in the last call. Any color on that in terms of revenue growth? 
Management Team 
Yes. 
So, we have been getting 
a 
lot of good orders, good work being done by us 
in urban 
engineering. The urban engineering vertical has been doing work in important cities as you must 
be reading also, 
it was covered 
a 
lot 
in the public domain. We were doing 
lot of work 
in the 
Chandigarh Tricity Consultancy. We have been doing work for development of the mobility plan 
for Guwahati. We have been doing the logistic plan for Leh-Kargil area. So, we are, and these are 
just few of the examples, we are getting lot of. We have recently got something from the Rajasthan 
Roadways Development of their plan, for the bus connectivity. So, we are doing a lot of work in 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-8-

development of the concepts of the urban engineering coupled with the sustainability aspect of 
development 
of these 
urban 
engineering 
plans 
as 
well 
as 
|T-enabled 
applications 
as 
the 
underlying current for development of these Smart City Plans. 
Viraj Mithani 
Sir, can you give some color in terms of numbers right now we're doing some growth prospects 
and the profitability on this vertical? 
Management Team 
So, these are all part of my consultancy revenue, which you see has shown a big growth in terms 
of the revenue. The domestic revenue itself has gone up to % 149 crore, the total consultancy 
revenue including QA is ¥ 283 crore for Q1, which 
is a very big jump, because considering our 
past trends have been a total of about = 800 to 
¥ 900 crore annually. We have managed to reach 
% 283 crore 
in Q1 
itself. So, these are all contributing, these are all consultancy projects, which 
we are contributing to my consultancy work. 
Viraj Mithani 
Is 
it fair to assume sir, we can have one particular vertical matures, we can have some double- 
digit growth out here in terms of top line and bottom line? 
Management Team 
| think that's for you to say. 
| mean we are 
| would like not to just speculate on numbers. We're 
just aiming at getting an overall growth in the sector in a big way. Thank you. 
Viraj Mithani 
Thank you, sir. 
| will come in the queue for the next question. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Nikhil Abhyankar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar 
Thanks for the opportunity, 
sir. 
| just had one question. How do you see the railway infra-order 
prospect and 
if you can quantify 
it for us? 
Management Team 
So, our order book as 
| mentioned, today Turnkey is about ¥ 2100 crore, which is primarily all the 
railway turnkey projects. And going forward, as 
| mentioned for the last few months railways has 
moved over from the cost plus to the EPC mode and we have placed bids for a number of tenders, 
whether 
it is the station development, whether it is new line RE doubling or an electrical works. 
So, we are bidding in a number of projects, and these have been recent tenders in the past few 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-9-

months. We are also going to bid in a number of tenders in the coming months in the railway infra 
growth in turnkey segment. So, going forward as these get finalized, we look forward definitely to 
some of these maturing into finite orders. 
Nikhil Abhyankar 
Sir, any specific number for the order? 
Management Team 
So, as 
| mentioned, we have bid in a number of tenders already and are continuing to bid in the 
coming months. These have just been started by the railways in the last few months on the EPC 
modes. As they mature into order, only then we can be able to give you a number. 
Nikhil Abhyankar 
Okay. 
That's 
it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Prachi Kadam from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal (Introduced as Prachi Kadam) 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. Two questions from my side. 
One, you mentioned quality assurance continued to remain strong and there 
is 
a railway, 
in 
railway sector, most of the projects are on order that we get on bidding. So, quality assurance is 
a nomination or is 
it on bidding that we get now? 
Management Team 
So, the railway portion of quality assurance has primarily about 60% roughly on about nomination. 
And going forward, you must be aware that railways have also started now looking on a EOI, they 
floated 
in EOI and we've also gone ahead 
in that. 
So, 
| think with our credentials and our 
experience in the QA business, you know, things like, I've been doing for a large number of years 
both for railway rolling stock as well as for railway lines, 
| mean, we'll continue to go ahead in this 
line of business. 
Vishal Periwal 
Okay. One question 
if 
| may ask, 
| think we have started on pretty strong footing in Quarter One 
in terms of growth rate and revenue EBIDTA. How exactly we are targeting for the full-year basis 
any console number or segmental 
if you can just get color? 
Management Team 
So, 
| wouldn't like to give you any kind of speculative figures. But one thing which 
| can say, as 
you see the growth, which has happened in FY21-22 as a complete year as well as a trend, which 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-10-

has been shown in Q1 and going forward with a solid order book and execution, we will continue 
to maintain these levels of growth. Yes, the margin that 
| said quarter to quarter may have a 
variation depending on the mix of the revenue streams, but normally, considering that Q1 should 
be round about 15 to 20%, that is the normal thumb rule that Q1 
is roughly about 15 to 20% of 
the total top and bottom line. So, seeing our performance on top and bottom line for Q1, we will 
be aiming the entire year on those lines. Thank you. 
Vishal Periwal 
Sure. Thanks for that. 
I'll come back in the queue for further questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Rohan Samant from Multi-Act. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Samant 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. You made a comment that in the turnkey business, bidding 
is 
shifting from cost plus to EPC, could you just elaborate on that like, how does 
it change from an 
economics point of view for us? 
Management Team 
So, traditionally, you see turnkey or the model, which railways had been following for many years 
was the cost-plus model, right. 
In that (model) the variation 
in terms of cost or time that used to 
add on doesn’t impact us. 
We used to have the standard model for any PMC consultant doing 
railway work which was on a percentage of the basic costs. Now, a policy decision having been 
taken by railways few months back that the subsequent tenders all across the sectors of railways, 
whether 
it is the civil infra work or the station development work or the electrical work, they are 
now coming on the EPC mode, where they are on a fixed cost and a total cost of the work, except 
certain fixed price variation clauses. 
So, obviously, the importance of timely delivery, timely and disciplined execution, more control on 
the cost and time, becomes all the more critical, and we are geared up for that. And that's why -- 
as you see, we have already, this as 
| mentioned, 
in an answer to 
a previous question, that 
disciplined execution has been a very priority area for us in the last few months, which has helped 
us improve our margin also 
in Q1. So, that going forward will be 
a key element for the EPC 
tenders, which we have bid, which has in the coming months will get finalized and we are hoping 
to get some orders out of the bids that we have made. 
Rohan Samant 
Okay sure, thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Sanjay Doshi from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-11-

Sanjay Doshi 
Good morning, sir. Congratulation to you and the team for a very good first quarter. And to limit 
myself to just one question which is with respect to our export business, 
if you can just highlight 
how many customers or projects are we actively in discussion even 
if you don't want to give any 
numbers, but how many projects or countries or customers are we actively in discussion for export 
business? Just that is the question. Thank you. 
Management Team 
So, as 
| mentioned, 
in export, one is export of rolling stock, and one is international consultancy, 
we are following up and we are bidding also in a number of countries both in the African continent, 
in the Southeast Asian area, so both in, whether it is in the highway business, whether it is in the 
railway business, whether 
it is in the metro business, so that is in consultancy and 
in export of 
rolling stock also, we are pitching for a number of African countries as well as Southeast Asian 
countries. 
Sanjay Doshi 
Okay sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question comes from Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah 
Thanks for the opportunity. Good morning, sir. My question mainly relates to some book keeping 
questions. So, the first thing 
is, you have guided for CapEx of around % 150 crore for FY23 and 
for like near to medium term. So, are we on the guidance and what kind of CapEx we've already 
incurred for this one quarter? 
Management Team 
Yes. So, our Q1 CapEx has been %46 crore and the past trend as 
| mentioned 
in my previous 
interactions also, like ’21-'22, our CapEx was = 139. We are aiming to be in that range, somewhere 
between = 100 to ¥150 crore that's our aim, and 
= 46 crore has been the CapEx for Q1. 
Our 
CapEx plans are on track, and we will be in that range. 
Jainam Shah 
Okay. And sir, the cash balance of our own funds for June Quarter will be how much, like we have 
around & 670 Crore for March? 
Management Team 
= 769 is my cash balance. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-12-

Jainam Shah 
It is our own fund, not the client fund, right? 
Management Team 
Yes, this is our own fund. 
Jainam Shah 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Next question comes from Chintan Sheth from Samiksha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Sheth 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, on export, 
| think this 
quarter there will be a spillover 
to next right, or we can expect the execution to be in 3rd quarter 
for rollingstock? 
Management Team 
So, we have a balance of about 
% 360 crore of Expotech order book, out of which about ¥ 250 
crore is based on the shipment and balance about € 100 crore is the recurring monthly revenue 
for our operation and maintenance. So, there's ¥ 250 crore between Q2 and Q3, we're aiming to 
get it mature. Some portion will be coming in Q3. 
Chintan Sheth 
Okay. And sir, on consultancy we see a very strong recovery in execution and even the order 
book has improved sharply. How do you see, you pointed out a few areas in terms of where 
it is 
coming from, but this run rate of 
¥ 250 crore what you feel that will be sustainable going forward 
given the orderbook we have? 
Management Team 
Yes, our order book has been healthy, and we are continuing to get orders in consultancy, both 
domestic and international. And we are aiming to maintain this rate of QA revenue. There may be 
dip 
in 
a few quarters here and there 
in terms of revenue realization, but in terms of the multi- 
sectoral orders that we are getting as well as the leads that we have, as well as the bids in pipeline 
that we have, the overall consultancy including QA is definitely going to be a healthy revenue 
stream. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-13-

Chintan Sheth 
Sure. 
| will join back, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Uttam Srimal from Axis Securities Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Uttam Srimal 
Yes. My question has already been answered. Thanks. And congratulations for a very good set 
of numbers 
Management Team 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Next question comes from Arafat Saiyed from Reliance Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Arafat Saiyed from Reliance Securities, 
please 
go ahead. There seems 
to 
be 
no 
response. 
Arafat Saiyed 
Hello, am 
| audible? Hello. Yeah. Thanks for taking up the questions and congrats on very good 
numbers. My question is on Metro project. 
Management Team 
Yes, go ahead. 
Arafat Saiyed 
Yeah. So, 
| just want to understand what kind of spend you're looking in India from Metro project, 
and your scope and contribution in that segment? 
Management Team 
Metro, we are doing consultancy, across a number of cities, which we have done, which we are 
doing also. The Ahmedabad Metro, we're doing PMC in the Bangalore Metro, we are doing DPR 
in the J&K Metro. So, there are projects which we are doing, and we will continue to do that, 
whether 
it 
is 
a PFR, the DDC, the PMC, we will continue and we are confident that Metro 
Consultancy. Domestic in any case, will continue to be a key focus area for us. We're also doing 
as you know, the Mauritius Metro, which is still on, so 
| think our Metro sector, both domestic and 
international, will continue to remain a key focus area of our revenue. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-14-

Arafat Saiyed 
Fine sir, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Anuj Jain from Valley Quest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Jain 
Hi 
sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
| have one question regarding the locomotive exports. We 
understand that we were in the advance talks with National Railways of Zimbabwe for a big order. 
Is there any further update on that, sir? 
Management Team 
So, we are in constant touch with them. We have had a number of deliberations and meetings, 
and it's work in progress. And the Zimbabwe is also cape gauge, which is similar to the gauge in 
Mozambique, 
it's a neighboring country. Mozambique was a very good experience for RITES in 
collaboration with Indian Railways. This fleet was developed, both locomotives and DEMUs, and 
it has been successfully sent there. The balance portion is also as 
| mentioned about ¥ 250 odd 
crore 
will 
be sent 
in the coming 
quarters and 
has received 
lots 
of positive response from 
Mozambique. So, there are a number of countries in Africa, there are about 11 countries in Africa. 
And so, we will continue to target each of those countries going forward 
in the coming months 
and we assure that as they fructify into finite orders, we would be keeping you informed. 
Anuj Jain 
Fine, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Next question comes from Parimal Mithani, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Parimal Mithani 
Hello. Thank you sir for the opportunity and congratulations for good numbers. 
| have just two 
questions. One is in terms of your railway JV, what is the status on that? And secondly, are you 
going to bid separately now since the JV is closed and what’s the way ahead sir? 
Management Team 
IRSDC is under the process of formal closure as we've already made a disclosure in our balance 
sheet also and also which is the same the progress vis-a-vis the last quarter when we had made 
this disclosure, the processes on and 
it will lead to its finality in the coming months. The railways 
has already started coming out, as 
| mentioned in reply to a previous question, with a number of 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-15-

station development projects on EPC mode. We have already bid for a number of them, and we 
will be bidding for them going forward 
in 
a number of upcoming tenders 
in the EPC mode for 
station development. So, this continues to be an area where we will continue to focus 
in the 
coming months. 
Parimal Mithani 
Yeah. Thank you, sir. Thanks for that. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Kunal Seth from BNK. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Sheth 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is 
pertaining to the consultancy segment. 
| just wanted to quickly get your views on where do you 
think the share of consultancy business could be? 
| mean, will it be you know, similar three years 
out and within the consultancy segment, do you believe that the share of international consultancy 
could go up meaningfully over the next three years? 
Management Team 
So, as 
| mentioned at the end of last quarter and beginning of this financial year that international 
consultancy is going to be a very major focus area of ours and 
| gave you some details in reply to 
a previous question that this has started fructifying 
into finite revenue and finite orders. As 
| 
mentioned, the Ghana order in railways, and the Guyana order in highways. So, on international 
consultancies front, these efforts have started paying results. As 
| mentioned, the international 
consultancy in Q1 gave us a revenue of 
% 45 crore as against a total FY22 of 
104 crore. So, as 
you see the international consultancy is growing, we will continue to keep this as a focus area of 
ours and 
| foresee that this will continue to grow, notwithstanding that the domestic consultancy 
also has got a very healthy order book and we are continuing to pitch for a number of domestic 
consultancy projects across sectors, 
so 
both consultancy which 
includes the domestic and 
international will continue to grow and will remain a key growth area of ours. 
In consultancy, we've been targeting the multi-sectoral growth. And in areas and new areas also, 
as 
| mentioned, city planning, urban engineering planning, |T-enabled applications, sustainability 
and ESG vertical, we've been working on that. That's work in progress, that's going to show more 
growth, more finite contribution to my consultancy revenue. Operation and maintenance, we've 
been getting orders, we are growing in that area contributing to our consultancy revenue whether 
it is operation and maintenance of the conventional railway assets operation and maintenance, 
we're also looking at operation and maintenance of metros, RRTS and LRTS. So, the consultancy 
revenue stream will remain a focus area of ours. 
Kunal Sheth 
So, would 
it be right to assume that the overall share of consultancy in the total revenue would be 
higher, three years out versus what's 
it is today? 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-16-

Management Team 
It is quite a high substantial contribution right now itself and this has been a trend. In terms of the 
mix, we will continue with that, and 
it will remain one of the key revenue streams for us. In terms 
of the total pie, as 
| said, the total pie will Keep on, we are aiming to increase 
it further, both 
in 
domestic and international. 
Kunal Sheth 
Sure sir. Thank you so much. And best of luck for the future projects. 
Management Team 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. We are having 
a follow-up question from Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity again. Just a way to clarify sir, you will be mentioning 
now that the turnkey is now moving from cost plus to EPC mode. So, just wanted to check the 
working capital here now will be driven by us or still, you Know, railways will be doing 
it, that is 
one point. And in second, you also mentioned that we will be also bidding for the metro project as 
well. So, here, it will be all finance by us. How do you try to do the tie-up in terms of working capital 
if you take the project? 
Management Team 
So, in the EPC mode also, the working capital is the same, that won't change. The mode change 
is basically in terms of time and cost overruns. So, as 
| mentioned, that requires more disciplined 
execution. So, the working capital requirement, which has been the trend for our past has not 
been a major critical factor for us. So that would remain in these projects, whether it is the railway 
EPC mode or whether it is the other areas of turnkey that we are looking at. 
Harshit Kapadia 
Okay. And given that you are turning to EPC mode, the margin maybe now much better. Can you 
look at more than 5% margin for at least over between 3 to 4% given your aggressive bidding or 
current bidding point? 
Management Team 
No, turnkey gives us about 3 in plus-plus margin. 
It is a still depressed margin much lower than 
that. And 
in the turnkey, whether the mode change will not really effect dramatically upwards or 
won't lower the margin merge much in vis-a-vis, the total margin trend, which has been there in 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-17-

the turnkey sector, 
it just makes 
it more, you know, 
as 
| 
said, 
requiring 
a more disciplined 
execution, so that there's a focus on not allowing time and cost overrun because if that happens, 
then the margins would start taking 
a hit. 
Harshit Kapadia 
Fine. Thank you, sir. 
Management Team 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. Next follow-up question comes from Venkatesh Subramanian, from Logic Tree. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
So, 
my question 
is, 
one 
is 
on 
the, 
we have 
a 24% 
stake 
in 
Indian 
Station Development 
Corporation. What is the growth opportunity there? And the second question 
is, as far as I've 
observed, RITES, 
| think you've got a great workforce, but in this kind of transport infrastructure 
segment, you have 1400 engineers, with the backup team as well. As a PSU and as a government 
company, I'm sure that there'll be people who will be trying to attract talent from you. What is 
it 
that you do to retain it? Can you throw some little light on the work culture that keeps employees 
motivated to be in, right? 
Management Team 
So, coming specifically to IRSDC, IRSDC has been closed now. We had a ® 48-Crore investment 
in that and then, in the disclosure, 
| mentioned also sometime back that that it is in the process of 
getting wound up and the JV shareholders will get their due stake in the coming months as per 
due process. We continue 
to, 
| 
also mentioned 
that the railways have 
started coming 
out 
individually zone-wise, number of station development tenders in the EPC mode, which we have 
bid and will continue to bid, so that this will remain an area of work for us. Second, and I'm glad 
you asked this question. That's a very interesting question. 
| mean, 
| wish that this question 
is 
asked more by some more people and 
| normally answer only one question at a time, but I'm 
definitely going to answer this question right away as the second question. 
You see that is a beauty about RITES. RITES has got about 2800 people, and 
it has got a mix of 
young and old, ithas got a mix of youth and experience, 
it has got a mix of people across genders, 
across experience, across states, across qualifications, and across multi-sectoral experience. So, 
you could be having a PhD in Geotech, you could be having an MBA in HR, you could be having 
an MBA 
in 
finance, 
you 
could 
be 
having 
an MTech 
in 
industrial 
engineering, 
in 
building 
engineering, and those things like that. So, that is a richness of the HR force of RITES, and 
| 
think, what attracts them and what continues to keep them doing more and more projects is the 
kind of thrill and the kind of excitement, which they get in doing the best of the projects. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-18-

So, you name any project, which has been 
in the media, let us say in the last two months, and 
RITES has been 
a part of it. So, and traditionally, we've done the best of the projects in tunnels, 
the 
Bogibeel 
bridge, 
the 
metros, 
international 
metros, 
so 
mention 
any 
project which was 
inaugurated, 
a 
big 
project, 
in 
the 
last few months. 
To 
give you 
an example 
recently, 
the 
Bundelkhand expressway was inaugurated by the Honorable PM. RITES has been a part of it. In 
Delhi, you know, the RTR flyover portion of it, you know, a part of it was recently inaugurated. We 
have been a part of it. So that is the kind of skill, that is the kind of thrill which my people get here. 
And that is what continues to attract more and more young people as well as senior people to 
continue to join that. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Right. 
So, 
that's 
a very passionate response from you. 
| mean, 
I'm 
really thrilled 
to 
be 
a 
shareholder and more importantly, so it's not the money because I'm sure private sector obviously 
ends up paying more etc. It’s the work satisfaction that they derive out of working at RITES, yeah? 
Management Team 
Exactly. You hit the nail on the head and that is what it continues, as 
| said to attract people. 
| see 
people constantly applying whenever we float a vacancy, whenever we are looking for people for 
a 
specific project-based 
contract, we have people 
having 
the 
highest 
of qualifications and 
experience wanting to be a part of brand RITES. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Right, right. So, you’ve 1400 engineers, so 
it will basically, you give a great degree of autonomy, 
empower people to make decisions because there's a lot of intellectual stuff that’s going on. Isn’t 
it? 
Management Team 
Yes, we have 10 different verticals where people are working both within the vertical and also 
coordinating across verticals for various projects. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Super sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next follow-up question comes from Viraj Mithani from Jupiter Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Mithani 
Thank you, sir for giving me opportunity again. 
If 
| were to ask you, vision for next five years of 
RITES, using like what would be like, which segment would be the leading segment in terms of 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-19-

growth, revenue, 
| mean just a thought process. There is no guidance 
| need from you, thought 
process because you're a part of industry and you know what's happening there. 
Management Team 
Yeah, for sure. You see, we are very clear. RITES is primarily a consultancy organization. That 
is our core strength. That's our inherent strength. That's our DNA and that is what we will continue 
to be inthe coming years, whether it is in the domestic sector, whether it is the international sector, 
multi-sectoral we 
already 
have very 
strong 
verticals 
across various 
sectors. We 
are 
also 
continuously tapping 
on new sectors, 
as 
| mentioned 
sustainability, we've started 
a vertical 
focused on sustainability and ESG compliances consultancy, Urban engineering a very important 
area. So primarily, the point that I'm trying to reiterate that consultancy would remain the core 
focus. 
Yes, of course, as you have been seeing 
in the past 3-4 years as we have graduated also into 
growth in the turnkey, we would continue to target turnkey in the range of about 20 to 25% of the 
pie. And that would still remain one of the key areas. And of course, exports of rolling stock have 
always been a key element of our revenue going forward what would definitely be our aim that 
export of rolling stock currently sees a sinusoidal revenue because they have lead time of two to 
three years after we get an order. So, 
if you analyze the export revenue for last three years, 
it 
shows a sinusoidal revenue materialization. So, our aim will be to have a number of export orders 
so that the revenue materialization in the export stream continues to be on a steady basis, rather 
being yoyo sinusoidal wave. So, that's the broad vision going forward. 
Viraj Mithani 
So, it's fair to assume that the major part would be consultancy going forward you know, and that 
would be the core of the company, then the rest would be the other sector leading to the group. 
Is 
it fair to assume that? 
Management Team 
Of course, as 
| mentioned, to reiterate, we are the consultancy organization, that's our inherent 
DNA and we will continue to be a consultancy organization and 
| mentioned also the contribution 
of turnkey in our pie, which is going to remain broadly going forward. 
Viraj Mithani 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. We are having 
a follow-up question from Nikhil Abhyankar from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-20-

Thanks for the opportunity again, sir. 
| just wanted to know, what is the prospect of Metro orders, 
domestic Metro orders in the coming six months or a year? 
Management Team 
Well, as 
| mentioned, we are doing already Metro, a lot of consultancy work in a number of cities 
and we are continuing to bid and partner with a number of partners as well as bid for a number of 
upcoming Metro consultancy, both domestic and international. And I'm sure that they're going to, 
this trend of Metro being 
a focus area whether for PFRs, DPRs, DDCs, PMCs, GC, they will 
continue to remain 
in the coming months and as they mature into more and more orders, we 
would be keeping your apprise, but nevertheless, the bottom line notwithstanding the major pack 
being that Metro consultancy for domestic, not only domestic, international also, will remain 
a 
steady stream of revenue in the coming months. 
Nikhil Abhyankar 
Okay. Thanks a 
lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you, 
sir. 
Next follow-up question comes from Parimal Mithani, 
an Individual 
Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani 
Thanks 
for the opportunity. And just 
a follow up question 
in terms 
of further JV 
call SAIL- 
RITES Bengal wagon. Can you just talk on what’s feature we are in and how are we performing 
there? 
Management Team 
Yes, 
in fact, SAIL-RITES after a little setback in FY22, the vis-a-vis, the earlier FYs has again 
bounced back with 
a very good set of numbers. The Q1 
has shown revenue from ® 26 crore, 
which was against ® 7crore of Q1 FY22, 
it has shown a 
profit of 0.5 crore as against a loss of 
%0.2 crore 
in Q1 FY22. So, going forward, we have already received order of 480 BOXNHL 
wagons 
in March ‘22. We have already started working on 
it. The production 
is planned for at 
least about 1000 plus wagons in this year, and we would see a good growth, good set of numbers 
for the entire FY. 
Parimal Mithani 
Okay. And sir, 
if you can throw a color on the how would this JV be over a period of time. Any 
idea on that, sir? 
Management Team 
So, this JV has tremendous scope. 
It has got a beautiful plant. 
It has got very good collaboration 
with SAIL. 
It has got very good scope of further growth taking on more orders both in domestic as 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-21-

well as aiming for some bidding for some international wagon orders. So, going forward, 
| see this 
JV of SAIL and RITES both SAIL and RITES are committed to making this JV grow. And we’ve 
had various rounds of deliberation and we are looking at seeing this JV give a very good growth 
prospect both in top and bottom lines in the coming months. 
Parimal Mithani 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. We're having a follow-up question from Venkatesh Subramanian from Logic Tree. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
This is a quick follow up on the previous question from Parimal, which is on the SAIL-RITES JV. 
You've mentioned the production of wagons 
is set to increase. Did you mention that we could 
probably do 1000 odd numbers in the current year in terms of production? 
Management Team 
Yes, 
| did. 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Okay. That is set to grow in the future, possibly? 
Management Team 
Definitely. We are there's a lot of scope there and we are aiming to get more and more orders. 
Our team 
is geared 
up post COVID, 
all things are going 
up. The production 
lines are 
fully 
functional. SAIL and RITES are 
in close coordination, for supply of the steel. And 
| think 
it's 
definitely showing, the figures themselves show and going forward, these orders which we have 
received, we are aiming to make them fructify into finite deliveries in the coming years 
Venkatesh Subramanian 
Right. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next follow-up question comes from Viraj Mithani from Jupiter Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Mithani 
Yes. My question is do we have anything in high-speed rail? 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
-22-

Management Team 
In terms of what, 
| didn’t get your question. We've been doing some consultancy, we have been 
doing and as the opportunities come up, we will be open for more. 
| didn't understand what your 
specific question. 
Viraj Mithani 
My question is especially projects like bullet trains or high-speed train, so there's a lot of planning 
by the Government, so do we have any types of consultancy, PLCs, do we have any business or 
anything in there. Do we have any? 
Management Team 
We have done at various stages of the high-speed 
rail at various stages 
in the initial, as the 
projects at various stages, you have given some inputs, and as this shapes out at whatever stage 
opportunities would be there for inputs for consultancy, we will definitely be looking at it. 
Viraj Mithani 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
Yes, this will be the last question for the day. Now, 
| hand over the 
floor to the management for 
closing comments. 
Management Team 
Thank you for the good response from all of you. And as 
| mentioned in my opening remarks and 
also in my detailed answers to the questions, we see the trend going forward, we will continue to 
strive to not only maintain this trajectory but build on 
it in the coming months. We see very finite 
growth prospects and we are committed to maintaining our levels of performance as seen in the 
past few quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for 
your participation and for using DSNL conference call service. You may disconnect your lines 
now. Thank you and have a pleasant day. 
-End- 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
- 23 -

Audio file of the conference call is available at: 
https: 
//rites.com/Upload/MediaGallery/Audio/3/Q4FY22 
n FY22 Earnings Call of Rites Ltd_m 
3-2022-Aug-03-11-44-26.mp3 
For any clarifications you can write at investors @rites.com 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript describing the Company's objectives, 
projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward looking statements" within the meaning of 
applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those 
expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations 
include, among others, economic conditions affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the 
domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes in Government 
regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer 
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
  
Transcript - RITES Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
- 24-
