FCL 
INDIA. MALAYSIA 
ORKO-TEX® 
ECO PASSPORT 
2111W1 IeOTIqT7I 
Alisciveral-ENS 
spre pried herrii';tr 
ROAOM.APID 
ZERØ 
FINEOTEX 
A Speciality Chemical Producing 
Public Listed Company 
August 5, 2022 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai —400 001 
Company code: 533333  
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
Subject: - Transcript of Concall with Investors and Analyst held on 
t  August, 2022. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
We enclose the transcript of Concall with Investors and Analyst which was held on August, 
2022. 
Kindly take this on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
Hemant Auti 
CS & Compliance Of 
FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
Manorama Chambers, S.V. Road, Bandra (West), Mumbai -400050. India. Phone : (+91-22) 2655 9174 
Fax: (+91-22) 2655 9178 E-mail :info@fineotex.com Website : www.flneotex.com CIN 
- L24100MH2004PLC144295 
CYOTex 
Innoa.lng th. 1ho. of LM. 

 
 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited  
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
CFO and Executive Director 
Arindam Choudhuri 
CEO 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala 
Executive Director 
Bharat Mody 
Strategic Advisor, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
2 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of Fineotex 
Chemical Limited. We have with us today in the call Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala – Executive Director and CFO, 
Mr. Arindam Choudhuri – CEO, Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala, Executive Director and Mr. Bharat Mody - Strategic 
Advisor, Investor Relations. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note this conference is 
for one hour only. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you Margaret. A very good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to our Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. Having made the financial statements and earnings presentation available on the 
exchanges and our website we hope you all had the opportunity of its pre-read. I would like to start this call 
with the overview of the current status of our company and the strategic outlook in the near future quarters. 
We present Fineotex as India’s leading speciality chemicals producer having wide footprint across domestic 
and international textile industry ecosystem. We continue to focus on expanding the market by developing 
new products, entering into newer territories, offering value added services like textile solutions in speciality 
chemical sector and thus creating brand image and goodwill for our products and this is truly reflected in our 
performance over the last many quarters. Our venture with Biotex, which is mainly into R&D and product 
development, has been fairly successful and is bearing fruits in terms of industry acceptance of its 
environmentally positive range of products. We have been able to successfully leverage Biotex’s strength 
and potential to dive deep into many American, European and Asian markets. Market expansion is the key 
to us rapidly creating strong brand visibility and loyalty with both Indian and international customers with our 
products and solutions. As far as finances, we have been extremely judicious in our investment decisions, 
which are mainly undertaken with internal accruals and keeping a strict control on debt management. We 
also value our employees as prime assets and thus partake various employee friendly HR initiatives to 
promote a culture of owning one’s own actions. We trust and believe in the long run, this culture will bring a 
great sense of ownership for driving the efficiency and innovation among the employees. Sustainability and 
environmental protection are our drivers, which are always considered while developing new products and 
manufacturing. We overlay our extra emphasis on ESG-related practices and compliances as a way drive 
stakeholder value. With this, I would now request ArindamJi to walk us through our operational overview. 
Arindam Choudhuri: 
Very good afternoon everybody. Thank you AartiJi and warm welcome to one and all. We at Fineotex are a 
well diversified company with a wide range of product portfolios. Started producing first the speciality 
chemical for textile industry and later half into related products for niche segment, hygiene product and oil 
and gas products. As a part of value adding offers, we also provide high-end customized solution to our key 
clientele mainly riding on the customer confidence in our products and our brand equity in the market. Our 
R&D spends in producing eco-friendly and sustainable products and alternating of hazardous products in 
our overseas facility has provided the necessary impetus to expand our presence in many key international 
textile hubs in recent years. Our timely foray into emerging high growth products like hygiene and drilling 
speciality provided us a huge potential to productively engage with India’s leading detergent makers and 
premier oil and gas company. As you all are well aware HealthGuard Australia, Sasmira institute for R&D 
and Eurodye-CTC Belgium are our strategic partners continue to provide us the stimulus for our market 
developments in last one year and find the relationship mutually beneficial. We continue to explore 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
3 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
opportunities for such alliance in future too, to grow our business in a rapid force in future. Now I request 
SanjayJi to guide us through the quarterly performance of our company. Over to you Sanjay! 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you ArindamJi. Good afternoon everyone. So, as you are aware we had a very good commendable 
performance in FY2022, strongly led by our capacity expansion at our new facility at Ambernath. The sudden 
spurt in the demand and the order booking let us to plan for this capacity expansion, which is expected to 
fructify soon. The facility was built with latest technology adhering to the strictest sustainable standards, 
which has proven itself the merits and the same will be a test case for our future portfolio product expansion 
efforts. At FCL we continue to be optimistic of the bright future of the speciality chemical industry. Let us say 
most of the economical indicators are seeing better pre-pandemic figures. India is emerging as one of the 
growing economy amongst all the countries across the globe showing recessionary indices, social political 
stability, thriving democracy, transparent and open investment opportunities are also an ease of doing 
business, untapped consumer markets, availability of low cost skilled demographic and the other skilled 
labors are the factors, which drive the global optimism towards India and thus leading many capital 
investments moving towards India. Various innovative policy indicators by the government for monetary 
policy and credit policy by the RBI has credited us strengthened the infrastructure climate and therefore 
providing significant domestic manufacturing and exports. In line with our strong performance in FY2022, 
we continue to remain a commendable performance in the Q1 FY2023. This reinforces our strong belief in 
the future of our industry and in specific Fineotex. Our last quarter growth is on par with the growth seen in 
the previous quarters or even exceeding that to some extent. Our Q1 growth is much beyond our 
expectation, which will harden all our stakeholders. 
 
On the fundamentals of the financial performance let me take you across that. Our operational revenues 
have grown up to 1,358 million, which is up by 115% year-on-year basis in the Q1 FY2023. Similarly the 
EBITDA also has a growth of 167% and touches 262 million year-on-year basis, the growth is 167% and 
the EBITDA margin stands at 19%, PAT stood at 203 million up by 110% year-on-year basis. PAT margin 
stood at 15% in Q1 FY 2023. Our overall capacity of 1,04,000 tons is almost coming to the commissioning 
stage and it has already reached 65% of the current capacity utilization. The current capacity is 83,000 tons 
of which we have already touched 65% in this Q1. The Q1 performance will be a benchmark reference for 
our future performance. It will open new challenges to seek opportunities to grow the market while 
maintaining sanity in our cost structures. We continue to focus on exploring strategic opportunities like new 
and viable alliances, capex and also tactical internal measures like innovations, efficiency building and cost 
optimizing. Overall we intend to be the torch bearer for the specialty chemical industry by setting up of new 
benchmarks, industrial standards, and product and client diversification. This will pave a way for us to grow 
and become the industrial leader that will increase our brand equity in the coming times. We continue to 
focus on the expectation of our stakeholders and will take on all the challenges on a positive light. Now I 
would like to open the call for interactive question and answer session. Over to you Margaret! 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and gentlemen we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Dhruv Bhimrajka 
from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: 
Good morning and congratulations on a good set of numbers. If you could share the volume numbers for 
the first quarter and it was 10,500 tons for Q4 FY2022 which you had shared earlier, so what is the volume 
for this quarter? 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
4 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
The total volume for this quarter, there has been increase quarter-on-quarter basis by 25%, this quarter the 
volume is 13,500 tons approximately and if you compare on year-on-year basis it is almost three times, and 
quarter growth is almost 25%, so as you rightly said in the Q4 it was 10,500 number now it is 13,500. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: 
As per your earlier calls we always do that with the current large base coming on the installed capacity side, 
we would see a higher number in terms of revenue and EBITDA for FY2023 onwards, so are you targeting 
a 750-800 Crores topline this year itself because the first quarter seem to be getting us on that path for this 
year itself? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, we might have seen our overall performance from the last financial year, quarter-on-quarter basis like 
Q2 we had grown up by 64%, Q3 we grew by 81% and that trend has been continuing even now in this 
quarter we have grown by almost 115% on the revenue side, so broadly speaking there are a lot of efforts 
and planning, which our company and team members had done a couple of years back and one-by-one 
things are shaping up in the right direction, so this is the trend, which we expect to continue going forward 
for; however, there can always be certain surprises and the demands and if there is a thing kind of COVID 
or something external factors of course that will also have to be factored in. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: 
Right, the last thing that as you said 65% of total installed is the capacity utilization for the first quarter, so 
how are we planning on our capex in the future? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay, so here it goes, as such we commissioned the plant last November 2021 and that time the capacity 
installed was almost 36,000, which we could optimize to 40,000 tons, I am talking about the Ambernath 
facility, all the growth parameters and planning has been done there, so when we did that, we were expecting 
this to ramp up in a couple of years or something like that; however, due to the increased demand and things 
like this, we already are working towards an increase in capacity by 21,000 tons, so the current 83,000 tons 
will become 1,04,000 tons, let us say from September 1, 2022 or something like that, that is what we have 
planned for, so that extra capacity which is already upcoming and that is also we are looking at how do we 
ramp up that capacity also. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: 
Okay, so for this 21,000 do we have extra land available or will it be a Greenfield? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, the Ambernath facility has enough of land spaces and all the certification, the permission and the 
infrastructure cost everything has been laid very well, it is one of the state-of-the-art plants, which many of 
the investors have also visited, so the point here would be that we are having sufficient capacity and even 
if we want to expand to another 40,000 tons capacity we can always add another 40 there and touch almost 
a number of 1,50,000 tons given in the future without having another land parcel to be looked at. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: 
Okay, that is great to hear. I will come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Rungta from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Sir, first of all congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, just a couple of questions, first is our other 
expenses is significantly lower in this quarter it is down by around 35% Q-o-Q and the same is reflected in 
the margin itself, our gross margin is down by around 400 basis point whereas EBITDA margin it up by 200 
basis points because of this other expenses, any one-off here? 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
5 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I will just tell you what is shaping up like as you know there has been a lot of preoperative expansions and 
preoperative costs for the Ambernath, so a lot of expenses were one timer, I would not say one timer but as 
and when we increase capacity, manpower there is a lot of upkeep on the maintenance and things which 
keeps happening so that is also the reason why the other expenses are looking lower. There has been 
improvement in the freight cost also as you have noticed in the last couple of months the freight cost has 
also gone down, at the same time what we have been doing and focusing upon is we are more focused on 
the EBITDA margins, the way to look at our business and the product line is always making sure that the 
targeted EBITDA margins are maintained and that is what we are looking at because in our business as you 
have been knowing about it we have the entire range of product lines, there are certain products which 
moves in packages and togetherness. So what we look at when we are offering to our customers the entire 
package, what is the EBITDA which we can get out of the entire package, but however, making sure that 
the gross margins are still around the similar level, so going forward I think this is the optimization levels, 
which we are coming to from the expense point of view, at the same time the way to look at our company 
and the way we look at our focus is on the EBITDA margins always, which has been decent enough, if you 
see the 11 years of listing, you will always find our EBITDA margins have been always minimum 15% to 
20% even if you go to a quarterly basis or something like that, you will still find out of the 50 quarters or 45 
quarters of the last 11 years you will always find that is the way we look at our company because our 
company our focus area is more, we are not only a manufacturing of speciality performance chemicals, 
there is an important part, a technical solutions which we are providing to the customers, now that technical 
solutions is something which is the reason we are able to have a differentiation and a sticky market and that 
is what we adhere to with the EBITDA margins focus. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Actually why I asked this question is because if I look at the gross margin of the past 25 quarters, this is the 
lowest gross margin which we have reported, but in terms of opex as a percentage of revenue that is other 
expenses, that has always been in the range of 14% to 17% whereas this quarter is 8%, so is there any 
reclassification which has been done from other expenses to gross our manufacturing expenses, which led 
to this classification or we should start ignoring these things and start looking only at the EBITDA margin? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I think the way we look at it is always the EBITDA margins, because also looking at the new healthcare 
hygiene chemical businesses where we are getting more stronger, the way to look at is the cost of manpower 
or marketing team members are substantially lower than the textile chemicals also, so those products 
coming into picture, what is more important for us is obvious the EBITDA margins what we are doing and 
that is the way the volumes are also being coming up, this is the right way to be taking it going forward about 
it, so there is no one time expenses, which are being classified in another category of manufacturing or in 
the P&L side. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Perfect, so EBITDA margin would remain in the range of 15% to 20% at least, right? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
That has been always there for the last 45 to 50 quarters and that is the way it will continue. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Last question, you mentioned in your opening remarks that we can take Q1 as the base for FY2023, so just 
wanted to confirm, this Q1 to be base, basically in terms of absolute numbers or in terms of Y-o-Y growth? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well going forward, we are looking at the absolute numbers more importantly, Y-o-Y would be having its 
different trend sometimes because as we know that the textiles are generally getting more seasonal kind of 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
6 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
a business line, so naturally there can be small ups and downs happening, sometimes the Diwali is coming 
in Q3, sometimes the demand of it is coming in Q2, sometimes in Q3, so these things will keep happening, 
but going forward I think the way to look at it would be the absolute numbers. 
Nikhil Rungta: 
Perfect, this is quite helpful and quite assuring. That is all from my side. Thank you so much, Sir. All the best 
for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sidharth Agrawal from Systematic. Please go ahead. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, Mr. Sanjay. How are you doing? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Good afternoon, Sir, yes. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
Sir, we will be following the company for a long time, now just wanted to understand what kind of vision do 
we have for the next five years of Fineotex this is my first question and then I will ask my second after that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
What we have been always looking at also in the opening remarks and the point which I had mentioned that 
we are looking at our Fineotex to be one of the important companies in the speciality segments of India, so 
that is what we would like to be positioned as and also going forward we are in the right direction I think so 
and the kind of our team performance, which is happening around, I think the five years would be quite 
exciting for us, which we have never seen before, so this is what I could come up, to answer your question. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
Sir that is perfect, any guidance in terms of turnover expectations in five years, profit expectations? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We would refrain from giving any forward looking statements and things like that on the line, but if you see 
our last let us say five, six, seven, eight quarters, so you will be always seeing some good trends happening 
and we will continue to make such progress and things are going quite okay for us and the volume grow is 
also there, we have increased our capacity also and at the same time I would like to mention there has been 
a substantial betterment in the working capital requirements, so that is also which we have walked upon and 
the cash flows are also quite, we are still a debt free company and this is a great headwind, and there is a 
lot of scope in the expansion and the kind of order books which we are looking at in the coming times so I 
think everything is going as per our plan. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
That is great Sir and my second and last question was, have we added any new customers in the last six 
months, which are going to add a lot of benefit for our topline going forward in the next two years? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
There are many such customers we keep adding in textiles also, in cleaning also, it is not one type, there 
are numerous names which are there, so we would like to not discuss too many names on this call, but most 
of the leading textile companies and most of the leading detergent FMCG brand makers, they are using our 
hygiene and cleaning product line, so things are going in the right direction for us. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
Sure, Sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab Dugar from CD Equisearch. Please go ahead. 
Rishab Dugar: 
Good afternoon. Sir what is the contribution of your top 50 products to overall topline? 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
7 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I can say from the point of view we have been working on the top 10 product lines, and the top 10 products 
are contributing to almost 18% of the revenue and along with that if I want to answer, the top 10 customers 
are also contributing to 25% of the revenue in the standalone numbers. 
Rishab Dugar: 
I mean the top 50 products could you see? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We can come back to your point, you may also approach our team on that we could answer it specifically 
also, but generally the top 10 products, which we said it is contributing to 18%. 
Rishab Dugar: 
What sort of specialization do you people have gained by manufacturing your product in small quantities? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well the point here would be, one has to look at our company as a solution provider and also providing a lot 
of technical services, so let me also go back to the general updates which I always share to our analysts 
and investors in all the concalls. See textiles basically has four different processes, pretreatment, dyeing, 
finishing, and printing, all these four processes required 25 different functional chemicals, all these 25 
functional chemicals together contribute only 3% cost to the user, so the cost is negligible, per product is 
0.15% for the customer at the same time many products moves in packages, we are here to offer packages 
products together to the customers in a way which can make them more depending on us and we can get 
a better wallet share, so making product line and having the entire portfolio is very important for us to serve 
the customers needs and thereby increasing our more exposure to the customers in terms of having a better 
wallet share, so it is very important to have all the product range in our product offering. 
Rishab Dugar: 
So, if I may ask is this specific to manufacturing, what sort of competitive advantage do you have? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Competitive advantage is that it is not a capex driven businesses, this businesses are more on solution 
driven, number one, at the same time like I said it is that the salt of the food, we are not selling products on 
COA basis, this is not acetic acid, this is not like soda ash, that everybody look see China or Gujarat, 
Narmada has to be the same we needless to mention it, it is not a COA driven businesses. It is more about 
a competitive USP, in which we understand the customers’ requirement and we set their products as they 
wanted it to be, so there is a lot of technical services involved on that, our solutions are like, if I can give you 
analogies like homeopathy solution in which the customer uses our product, they get the performance and 
they pay for it, it does not matter whether our purity is 99.9% or 1% that is not matter for them, it is more 
connected with what is the performance and whether they get what they are desiring for with the use of our 
products, so this is the way, it is not a capex driven business, where it is not like acetic acid or an API or a 
soda ash, it is more about the solution driven business, in which we need to have all the solutions available 
and every customer is a different customer by the way. We have to have different product lines for cotton, 
for polyester, it is not that the cotton products can be used in acrylic and vice versa, again there is a 
bifurcation on the machines used by the customer, if it is what kind of process they are doing, it is a 
continuous process or batch wise process, so it is a very technical driven businesses, it is not a mass selling 
kind of, it is not like you make this product and you can sell it to the world, it is not that commoditized 
chemicals, we are into a very niche speciality market which the customers value the kind of the reliability 
and dependability they have on us and they never change the products. The entry levels and exit levels are 
very, very high, the products which we started to sell to Raymond in 2007 are still going on and it will continue 
to go on as long as Raymond is producing that substrate. So this discussion cannot get completed on this 
call, but I can only mention this much considering the time limits also, that look at our company as a very 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
8 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
specialized positioned as a trouble solution provider company, along with producing the speciality 
performance chemicals, that is the way to look at it. 
Rishab Dugar: 
So, you talked about that you have to sell so many products because of the requirements, so how you plan 
to get cost advantage in manufacturing? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
As you can see we already are working on 20% EBITDA margins broadly, now the cost advantages is 
something which is not the challenge for us, more important is how quickly, how much more dependency 
we can work and offer to the customers, so we did a tie-up with Eurodye, which was ex-Unilever Plant in 
Belgium. Unilever Plant was bought by Eurodye Belgium and also Eurodye had acquired the business of 
Stephenson from UK for the wool chemicals, now what we did was, we combined with Eurodye and started 
offering their product lines also in India and Asia. So these are the strategic advantages, which we have 
been doing to offer a better product line to our existing customers. Now once we have these kinds of 
portfolios it becomes very easy for Donears, for Jayshree, for Bhilwara process or Raymond to use the wool 
working chemicals with our same technical people and the team members from a single point rather they 
keep importing or buying or doing certain products from Europe also, so the idea here is not about the mass 
marketing or mass production which can ever effect, this is more of the conviction which the customer has 
on us and then only we can be selected by them for our range of products that is the way it works. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would request Mr. Dugar to rejoin the queue for followup questions. The next question is from 
the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Congratulations on good number, Sir. Related to the raw material cost, are they moving up now or have you 
seen some corrections in that and with the corrections in the raw material prices, whether the company will 
be benefiting or you will need to pass it on to your customer? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you so much, whereas let us say the raw material prices have started correcting already and there 
has been quite reduction happening around, even in this current quarter actually, it is very rare that we have 
to pass on the entire increase to the customers, that does not really happen in this business, but then we 
get a comfort in our profitability, in our margins and EBITDA margins and also if at all there are certain 
businesses where we are working on or we are working towards signing a contract, that time we can expect 
to pass on this benefit to the customers assuming that the prices have been softening and might soften 
further whether it is from indigenous India make or whether it is from China products or raw materials from 
wherever country it is coming from, so yes, the trend has been coming now, the raw material prices in 
chemicals are falling down. 
Sunil Jain: 
So some part of the benefit can be retained? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, some part will be retained. 
Sunil Jain: 
Sir, second question is more related to financials, if I see your consolidated revenue minus standalone 
revenue the revenue has jumped substantially quarter-on-quarter from Rs.50 Crores to Rs.75 Crores, so 
can you clarify on that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I would like to mention, there is also we have mentioned in our highlights of the India business, Ambernath 
facility is under the subsidiary of Fineotex parent, so that India subsidiary is known as Fineotex Speciality 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
9 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Private Limited also. Which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fineotex and that is falling under the Indian 
subsidiary as such, so the difference what you are seeing, the growth of Ambernath project is happening 
under also in the FSPL umbrella, so that is not falling in the standalone, that is falling under the consolidated, 
that is the way it is. However, if you notice the way we have updated on the stock exchange outcome of the 
board meeting in which we have highlighted the India business, we have combined the Fineotex standalone 
and the FSPL, which is the Indian subsidiary of Fineotex and that is the way we have separated and 
mentioned it in the covering letter to the stock exchange. 
Sunil Jain: 
Great Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, can you provide the breakup between three segments textile, cleaning 
and drilling segment for Q1? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I can mention to you, in a way that the volumes in cleaning and hygiene has increased, the home care and 
the cleaning and hygiene businesses whereas in the textiles let us say there are four processes in the textile, 
one is the pretreatment, dying, printing, finishing. Finishing is the most important process for us and for the 
customer also because that is the most sustainable place and every company would like to work in the 
finishing of textile because finishing is such a subjective thing also and generally the customers are very 
much reluctant to make any modifications, so it is a very long-term sustainable business which you will get, 
so the finishing volumes of textile has been going okay, there has also been a growth on that. The cleaning 
and hygiene has gone substantially high for us in this current quarter, if you want the percentage of it, I think 
almost you can say the volume wise we have equalized in the cleaning and hygiene and the textile as a 
volume point of view, which was more dependent, but however the realization per kilo in hygiene and 
cleaning is always lower than the textile. The textile chemicals average realization prices are comparatively 
higher compared to the cleaning and hygiene businesses. 
Anurag Patil: 
Can you tell about the operating cash flow at the end of Q1 quarter? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
There has been a positive cash flow on that point, it is almost Rs. 18 Crores or something like that on that 
front; however, I will just get onto the exact ones and we can again reconnect on that point. 
Anurag Patil: 
If we see your working capital utilization is almost negligible, but your year-end cash flows appear to be 
subdued so is it just a year-end phenomena and the rest of the quarter your cash flows are stronger, am I 
right in saying that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We are is a very transition phase. As you can see in the last one year, two years there has been a lot of 
changes, lot of capex happening around, which never was done in the past of the country’s history, so then 
what is happening is, certain capex will come in this quarter or that quarter that will also occupy a lot of 
operating cash and then when the new businesses happen also suddenly there is a big sales growth, there 
has to be a lot of inventory investments and things like that will generally happens at almost all the 
businesses, so I think going forward we would be looking at like, what is happening in this quarter onwards. 
It seems that this will be the base for understanding our company better in the coming times because also 
if you see the January-March, you have seen the debtors or the working capital cycle, it is because of sales 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
10 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
has gone up in March, so that is the reason when you compare the ratios, it is always debtors add and the 
closing stock add that would be the difference of this thing, but if you can see the overall growth of the 
company from Q1 to Q4 and this Q1 financial year, I think the current quarter will be the base for the future 
base measurement. 
Anurag Patil: 
Last question, for the next two to three years, can we say all the capex requirements will be funded through 
internal accruals only? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Till now, all the capex investments have been done by internal accruals, even that last 21,000 tons which is 
ongoing that is also being done by internal accruals, going forward, yes, we hope that all the organic 
expansions and capex expansions will always be done by internal accruals, there was a sufficient cash 
which has been generated in Q1 also and we feel that the similar cash generations are expected in the 
coming times, so this has also been quite useful, at the same time there is a drop in the raw material prices, 
so no company is ready to have a very high inventory levels in the coming quarters. So that will also free up 
a lot of cash, we believe so, so that can also support on the cash generations a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would request Mr. Patil to rejoin the queue for followup questions. The next question is from 
the line of Kartik Soni from Satco Capital Markets. Please go ahead. It seems to be no response from this 
participant, we will move to the next question which is from the line of Ankit Bansal from AB Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Hello, Sanjay, Sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. My question is, I do not know whether you 
have read or not, ICMR has developed a BTI strain technology which kills mosquito and black-fly larvae 
without infecting the insect, which is similar to your Aquastrike VCF product, so now ICMR is filing a patent 
on it, it will progress it further and further, how will you now compete because you were the number one in 
that segment, now ICMR is a government body, it will get the patents very, very early, so what are your 
views on that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I would like to mention to you on this point, the topic of Aquastrike VCF is on a quite a low level because 
anything which needs approval from the WHO in Europe, will always be obviously a time taking job, in the 
last couple of years, our entire focus has been on the COVID-19 topic, that is one. Number two, of course 
there can be always some developments and continuous efforts, which will be done by most of the 
companies, again, as you mentioned BTI, BTI itself is the most harmful habit and BTI are the ones which is 
the most harmful basic chemicals coming from crude oil basis from BPCL and HPCL and that is something 
which is already affecting. It is not about mosquito the point is that you need to be also taking care of that 
aquatic life, mosquitoes are being bred in the still water where there is a lot of aquatic life, there is a lot of 
topics connected to it, it does not flow the way we talk on this line now, there is a lot of substance, lot of 
facts behind it, which needs to be addressed so it is not as easy as it sounds to be because we are working 
with the regulatories of the world, it does not, you cannot time yourself ever and right now our focus for the 
last so many years was always on textile speciality performance and providing technical solutions for 
cleaning, hygiene, and for textiles and oil and gas, so this has been always our forte area and that is the 
way we are being proceeding ahead also. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, my followup is that, will the thing Aquastrike the end of it? 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
11 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
It is very hard to say when such things happen or does not happen, like I said once you are talking of a 
world’s biggest authorities on that part, especially in the COVID times, it depends on their derogative how 
quick they want to think about it or not to think about it, rest these things keep continuing, there is nothing 
apart from this is the way it works, so there is nothing more to say right now, on this as soon as we have 
some update we will always share with all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I request Mr. Bansal to rejoin the queue for followup questions. The next question is from the 
line of Aditya Mehta from GK capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mehta: 
Congrats for the great set of numbers. Sir, the last quarter we mentioned that new capacity of 21,000 metric 
tons will be commercialized in June, that is June end, so why there has been some delay, is the demand 
issue or something like that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No absolutely not, what has happened is certain equipment’s, which have been ordered to the big 
companies of India for the boilers and others, some of their spare parts because we have a different kind of 
a specification, some of their spare part was not imported by them and so that delay has happened; however, 
as you have noticed we still are at 65% capacity of the existing, there is nothing which has been hindrance 
or anything on that and the rest things are ongoing, we were looking at everything to be starting from Q2 to 
Q3, so we were assuming if we can do it in Q2 itself, but it is okay, it is not harping on the demand or 
anything like that, we are still able to address to our requirements and order books. 
Aditya Mehta: 
My second question is about Ambernath plant, we were guiding that at peak we can generate around Rs. 
350 Crores of turnover, now with the mixed shifting towards cleaning and hygiene products, where the 
realizations are little lower than the textile product, so do we need to revise that guidance? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, let me tell you how it works, our capacity is all fungible, all the products whatever we make in textile 
chemicals, whether it is phosphination, sulfonation, polymerization, copolymer, homopolymer, terpolymer, 
esterification, everything is fungible in the similar capacity, than the same machines same for the cleaning, 
hygiene and oil and gas is also being produced in the same set of the equipment’s, so the capacity what is 
put in Ambernath is not exclusively for this or that. It is totality kind of capacity and we can always use it for 
the production of different products. Having said that, yes the detergent product lines are generally per kilo 
comparatively lower than the textile chemical, but that does not have to do with too much of these things 
and that is the reason why you see the volume jump also to some extent and at the same time if you see 
the turnover has also jumped up, so it is nothing connect, it is not a challenge for us or anything which we 
have to re-revise something what we have been looking, we always envisage that and accordingly we are 
giving the projection. 
Aditya Mehta: 
We expect the mix to remain the same between the cleaning and hygiene and textile, till the textile segment 
revised overall worldwide? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Actually the textile segment, if I want to comment on that part it is always having its own ups and downs 
ever since, so like if you notice the bed sheeting companies in Q2, Q3 last year was on a super high levels 
and from this year the demands are lower, so but then what happens there are certain quarters which takes 
care of two quarters, so going forward it is like a wavy style but the demands are always there, it is like 
textiles cannot be avoided by anyone, it can only be postponed to some extent, so the demand has to come 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
12 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
back, it is a matter of time nothing else, so that demand of textiles are also looks like that from next month 
onwards or let us say from today because August started, I think from this month or next month onwards it 
has been looking that there has been some positive things happening because as you know the cotton 
candy prize, which had gone up to 1,10,000 Indian rupees has dropped to almost 70,000, so now the cotton 
is not as expensive as it was and of course there are challenges for coal and other things in the textile or 
any company for production as such, but these things are also being met with the everything is getting softer, 
the more it get softer, I think industry and the demands will come back to it and at the same time there was 
lot of pipeline goods, which were in transit for the biggest brands like Walmart and Zara and all, so most of 
the company has decided to let us be lower on the inventory, let us start ordering lesser for the Indian 
company or Bangladesh or wherever they are producing their textiles from and then once like the current 
situation things have become quite controllable, I think now is the time that they will get back to the same 
gear of the orders and again the things will keep moving on, that is what we understand. 
Aditya Mehta: 
So any order book, by which we can see how the demand is moving? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Actually technically if we speak, generally the textile companies once the product is started, it is a continuous 
process, there is no tender, it is not like a government businesses or anything like that, so what happens 
here is we keep getting the orders every two months and then intimation, so it is a perennial thing, it is not 
a like a government style of booking or anything, so there is no necessary of having sure shot PO in hand 
for a long term thing, but yes, generally some companies like Vardhaman will issue for three months, some 
companies will issue for two months, some will issue for one month and that is fine also, because we can 
always readjust our prices for the next quarters also, so that is also something which we are happy about 
and as we know once the product has started it is a perennial thing, we will not change the salt of the food, 
nobody changes the salt of the food easily, so then we are happy with that kind of permanent business, if 
the textile companies have lesser orders obviously they will not order so much or they will postpone some 
of existing orders to next month or something like that, that is part of the business nothing to be challenged 
about. 
Aditya Mehta: 
So, still we will be fully utilizing our Ambernath plant this year in FY2023? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, we are aiming for that. 
Aditya Mehta: 
Great Sir. Thanks for the clarification and all the best to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praful Siddharth from Shravas Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Praful Siddharth: 
Sir, I just wanted to check on one thing, so what are the EBITDA margins we are making on just cleaning 
and hygiene segment? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Let me say, the blended EBITDA have been around 18% to 19% even for the textile also, for the detergents 
also, broadly because what happens in the detergent business, is the per kilo product pricings are lower; 
however, the margins are similar to the textile one, and also it has its own better cash flows and things like 
that, so it is good enough for our company, this is the place where we always are there for the last 44 
quarters so I think anything which comes from 16% to 20% is always welcomed. 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
13 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
Praful Siddharth: 
Sure, thank you. That is it from mine. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Soni from Satco Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Soni: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. My question is you mentioned that our product prices are like 3% 
or 4% to your customer right, overall cost? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes. 
Kartik Soni: 
How do you decide to set the prices because the customer would not mind you like if we increase the prices 
by 5% or 10%? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
It depends on what kind of a vision we are looking with that particular customer, for example, if example the 
biggest customer in India is Vardhaman okay, if they are using supposing only few products from a couple 
of products and we know that they can take 25 different products, so what is more important for us is how 
we gain a wallet share, how we make the customers more dependable on us, how can we add more 
betterment to the customer the existing finish and that is what is more exciting for us because when we 
make the new product from two to six, and from the six products, we get four new products, they give us 
19% so  rather than we happing about small two products and getting 2% to 5% extra, the focus is on the 
bigger picture here, to become one of the biggest companies of the world in this business. So if we have 
this kind of vision, it is more important to get a better wallet shares in such transitionary phase of the 
company and once we are on a sizeable level where we are always having a substantial wallet share of the 
customer, then we can think about what you mentioned about of small increase, that time the small increase 
will also give a big increase in terms of the absolute number, so the strategy is very clear, market penetration 
is also going on, obviously with market penetration we are not compromising with our EBITDA margin, so 
this is a strategy, we will not want to arm twist anything or this is the way we are looking at, obviously when 
there is a cost price we go to them and they have to also understand the position because at the end 
obviously if there is a big increase in the raw material price or something like that, which is not happening 
today by the way, so then of course we have been in the past also going towards them, appealing to them 
and this things happen, but the focus is bigger picture not a smaller picture, we are here for long-term, we 
do not want to be happy with the small gains, which we just talk about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala for closing comments. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you everyone and nice addressing some of your questions, please feel free to contact our team, 
Churchgate team, Mr. Bharat Mody who is handling our investor relations also, myself, we are all accessible 
company and we are here to answer your, one hour has never been enough to answer anybody’s questions 
for sure, so with that I wish you a very good day and a week ahead and thank you so much for joining us. 
Thank you very much. Over to you! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Fineotex Chemicals Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 

Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2023 
 
 
 
14 | Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
 
             
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
 
Corp. Office: 42-43, Manorama Chambers, S. V. Road Bandra (West), Mumbai - 400 050, India 
         Web: www.fineotex.com 
        CIN: L24100MH2004PLC144295 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Fineotex’s future business 
developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations 
concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments 
and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, 
governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that 
could affect our business and financial performance. Fineotex undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
 
Bharat Mody 
Strategic Advisor, Investor Relations 
bharatmody@fineotex.com      
+91 98980 46584 
 
Anvita Raghuram / Bijay Sharma 
Churchgate Partners 
fcl@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
