 
 
 
 
August 8, 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: ASHOKLEY 
 
Through: NEAPS 
  
BSE Limited    
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Stock Symbol: 500477 
 
Through: BSE Listing Centre 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) (ii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcripts of the 
Company’s Analyst Call held on August 1, 2022 to discuss the financial results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
Yours faithfully,  
for ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
N Ramanathan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl :a/a 

This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Ashok Leyland Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. 
RAGHUNANDHAN 
NL 
– 
EMKAY 
GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHEERAJ HINDUJA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
MR. GOPAL MAHADEVAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CFO – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
MR. BALAJI KM – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference 
call of Ashok Leyland hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentations concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Raghunandhan from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global, we welcome you all for Ashok 
Leyland Q1 FY2023 earnings conference call. From the management team we have Mr. 
Dheeraj Hinduja – Executive Chairman; Mr. Gopal Mahadevan – Whole Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Balaji KM – Deputy Chief Financial Officer. We thank the 
management for providing us the opportunity. We hand over the call to management for 
opening remarks that can be followed by Q&A session. Over to you, Sir! 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. This is Dheeraj Hinduja. It gives me immense 
pleasure to be in touch with you and I thank you very much for the interest shown on Ashok 
Leyland. I would like to quickly run you through the Q1 performance as well as some of 
our latest developments. 
 
I am extremely happy to share that Q1 FY2023 continued to be good, aided by strong 
performance in domestic truck sales with a 31.1% market share. Since Q1 of last year was 
impacted by the pandemic, the growth percentages are higher in most of the areas than 
normal. 
 
In Q1, MHCV truck volumes have grown at almost 46% higher than the industry growth 
resulting in Ashok Leyland market share improving to 31.1% as compared to 26.2% in Q1 
last year. Sequentially also in Q1, AL’s MHCV truck market share has grown by 50 basis 
points. Our market share has grown to 31.1% and Q1 from 30.6% in Q4. 
 
EBITDA for Q1 was at Rs.320 Crores 4.4% as against the loss of Rs.140 Crores which was 
a minus 4.7% in Q1 last year. LCV which was on a growth phase has been impacted by 
semiconductor shortages, but our Q1 volumes were still higher than last year by 66%. 
 
International operation sales have registered a 76% year-on-year growth in Q1. Q1 
operating profits was at Rs.95 Crores as against the loss of Rs.381 Crores in the last year. 
Working capital was increased by about Rs.1400 Crores during the quarter due to increase 
in finished vehicle and production inventory. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Consequently, our net debt has increased by about Rs.1560 Crores in this quarter. Debt 
equity is at 0.3 times versus 0.6 times during same period last year.  
 
During the quarter we have launched two more tractor models 4225 with Bogie suspension 
and 4825 with H6 engine. In parallel exciting launches happened in AVTR 2620 and 
Ecomet 1815 expanding our range. I am extremely confident that with these launches and 
the continued expansion of network, we will sustain the market share gains achieved in last 
three quarters.  
 
Domestic CV industry volumes are on a recovery track as a result of gradual improvement 
in the macroeconomic environment and healthy demand from the end user industries. 
Headwinds such as the hardening of interest rate, increase in commodity prices and elevated 
fuel prices remain. Geopolitical aspects can also constrain the pace of recovery. 
 
The domestic MHCV industry registered a healthy growth of 160% on a year-on-year basis 
in Q1 of FY23 aided by the low base of previous year, which had been impacted by the 
second wave of the pandemic. Meaningful recovery and volumes was primarily in the truck 
segments supported by demand in steel, cement and mining industries and pickup in 
economic activity. MHCV truck volume is set to grow by 15% to 20% in FY23 according 
to ICRA. 
 
Passenger segment is expected to grow by 30% to 35% as demand continues to improve 
gradually with opening up of educational institutes and offices post impact of the pandemic.  
 
LCV segment started its recovery before the MHCV segment, supported by demand from 
the agriculture and allied sector. Upstream and e-commerce since the start of the pandemic 
also improved the demand. This is expected to continue to support volume growth. LCV is 
expected to grow by 8% to 10% in FY2023. 
 
With further demand growth we are expecting pricing to become more rationale. The 
softening of commodity prices, in particular of steel should impact the margins positively in 
the coming quarters. Fleet utilization levels are on the rise as freight volumes picked up 
thereby easing cash flow pressure for the operators. Freight movement indicators covering 
ports, rail freight, Fast Tag and e-way bill volumes have all improved as economic activity 
picked up. 
 
Ashok Leyland even while growing market share sequentially has been raising prices owing 
to higher input cost. What is good to see is that retention of such increases is getting better. 
I must complement our MHCV teams who have taken up a complete rationalization of our 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 4 of 19 
network appointing new distributors where there are gaps to be filled and are also working 
to further improve dealer profitability which is crucial. AVTR modular vehicles are doing 
very well and have raised the bar on industry performance. As volumes grow I am confident 
that we will see the benefits of modularity. 
 
LCV both Dost and Bada Dost are exceptional vehicles and have been growing stronger by 
the day and volumes are limited by availability of semi-conductors. Both these products 
hold immense potential for exports and are a perfect fit in our addressable markets.  
 
Going forward the growth drivers for the bus segment remain largely favorable as demand 
continues to improve gradually with opening up of educational institutes and offices post 
the impact of the pandemic waning off. This will also add to our volumes and market share 
as Ashok Leyland is a leader in buses historically. 
 
Aftermarket power solutions and international businesses continue to perform exceptionally 
well. We are also putting effort in reducing costs both product costs as well as overheads. 
 
Switch is a very important initiative for us and I am happy with the progress made. Switch 
India is operational with its own dedicated team. We are awaiting statutory approvals for 
transferring the E Mobility as a service business to Ohm Global Mobility India. We are in 
discussion with investors to raise capital both at switch mobility UK as well as in Ohm 
Global Mobility India for the e-mobility as a service. The discussions are progressing very 
well. 
 
In line with our commitment to the global climate promise we set out to lead the 
environment social and governance agenda by first setting up an ESG committee at the 
board level followed by setting up an internal framework and a structure to steer the 
company initiative in this sphere. 
 
The AL ESG team in conjunction with the key leadership team has developed an ESG 
vision for the company, which goes to create and lead sustainable practices across 
environment, social and governance initiatives delivering outstanding stakeholder value.  
 
Environment is a given, sustainability is a choice, we wish to lead sustainability through our 
ESG framework. 
 
Finally, before I open the floor for questions, let me share the financials in brief. Revenue 
for Q1 at Rs.7223 Crores which is a 145% higher than Q1 of last year. EBITDA is at 
Rs.320 Crores 4.4% in Q1 up from a loss of 140 Crores (minus 4.7%) in Q1 of last year. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 5 of 19 
Profit after tax after exceptional for the quarter was at Rs.68 Crores versus a loss of Rs.282 
Crores in Q1 of FY2022. 
 
Operating working capital for Q1 was at a negative Rs.167 Crores as against the negative of 
Rs.1565 Crores as of March 2022. Increased activity levels have necessitated increased 
working capital during the quarter. Net debt was at Rs.2282 Crores in June 2022 as against 
Rs.720 Crores in March 2022. Debt equity as at the end of the quarter was at 0.3 times. 
 
Capital expenditure for the quarter was at Rs.115 Crores, Capex spend for the full year is 
estimated to be around 750 Crores. 
 
I would now like to open up the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Hi! Sir actually I had two questions. Firstly, on the market share, we have seen a pretty 
significant improvement on a Y-o-Y basis. So if you could talk about some color as to what 
are the things that may have helped in gaining our market share so significantly. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Firstly, I would say that the products are performing very well and as I already mentioned 
particularly in the MHCV side, the product range both in tippers and multi-axle vehicles are  
doing very well. Also we have been able to increase the network in the North and East 
which has been a weaker territory and also you would have noticed there has been a shift 
once again away from CNG. LCV has become a very significant sector for EV. So it still 
continues to be, but the shift towards diesel once again has definitely helped us as well. 
Kapil Singh: 
Second on the cost side. I wanted to understand how much was the cost increase for the 
quarter and how much price increases we took and as we look into the next quarter, are we 
actually seeing a cost reduction Y-o-Y or Q-o-Q and if so how much and also if you can 
update in July or in August if you are taking any price increases. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Again as I mentioned we have been taking price increases and especially the steel price 
increases which has softened and the impact of those have not come through so far. The 
challenge has been to find the right equation, because beyond a certain point, freight rates 
have not increased substantially and it is very difficult to pass on this commodity cost 
increase onto the customer. So there have been tremendous cost reduction initiatives 
internally as well and that is continuous for us. We have spoken previously of our value 
engineering initiative. Gopal would you like to expand on this. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 6 of 19 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
So essentially what has happened is that steel prices have gone up by approximately about 
Rs.5 to Rs.6 per kg across, I mean, not only for us but for the industry, as these are 
settlements made not only by commercial vehicle manufacturers, but also by other 
automakers. What we have done is, while despite these challenges we have grown the 
market share and we have also increased the prices. The price increases realization would 
be anywhere between 1.7% to 2% which has been nearing over the quarter. So depending 
on the type of the vehicle like chairman mentioned we have done very well maybe our 
growth has been one of the highest in MAV, tractor trailers, tippers and ICV trucks post the 
launch of the CNG vehicles, we have actually seen a jump in the ICV market share as well. 
Going forward we believe that steel prices should soften and we are seeing that happening 
in Q2 as we will have to wait for the settlements to happen. The only thing that will stand 
which can again increase steel prices would be that if there is a removal of the export duty 
which people are talking may happen in end of Q3 or Q4, but otherwise we are seeing that 
there is a certain amount of reduction in steel prices that is expected in Q2 and we will 
continue to raise prices and we are already doing that. 
Kapil Singh: 
Just lastly if you could share some update on switch we have been waiting for the fund raise 
or the deal for some time now. So what is the status and if you could share an update over 
there as well. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Yes, I know that I have discussed this earlier as well on few occasions and possibly maybe 
we have not closed this as quickly as we can because we wanted to make sure that we get 
the right valuation and we get the right partners to come in with us as well. I believe that we 
are there now, we are working towards closure in the coming weeks. I do not think we are 
too far. As you might have seen that the market for EVs on a global basis has softened quite 
a bit, but I am glad to say that the manner in which switch has been progressing by having 
our products on the road, increasing the order book, I think investors do realize the real 
value that switch as a company does bring in. So I do recognize I have mentioned this 
earlier on our calls as well, but in my view we are very close now in our finalization with 
the investors. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay thank you I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question pertains to the other expenditure side last 
quarter we had a favor of control on the other expenditure side, but we have seen some 
massive surge this quarter. So if you can just help us understand Gopal as to what happened 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 7 of 19 
here and what could be more like a normalized level of other expenditure for you for the 
reminder of the year. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
See, while you said massive, I don’t think it will be massive as we mentioned in the last 
quarter (Q4) typically we get benefits of some of the provisions that we make throughout 
the year like for example incentives or cost increases that we have to budget for and then at 
the fourth quarter there is a lot of settlement of all of these things that happen. When that 
happens and then combined with operating leverage as a percentage to sale becomes lower. 
Volume discounts from suppliers are not only material as other things also come out in the 
fourth quarter. Now the second part of it is the inflation itself, you must remember that we 
are currently facing quite a bit of an inflation. So when you are looking at cost in the first 
quarter a lot of these contracts that we have entered into for various aspects including 
contract labor, third party labor, not all of that comes in staff cost, a lot of that stuff comes 
in other expenditure. So when that happens you see the inflationary expense also of the cost 
coming in the reset, it is resetting itself in the Q1. As we move forward what we should be 
expecting is that there should be a slightly southern movement in terms of percentage to 
sale as far as the other expenditure is concerned as Chairman had mentioned we as a team 
are working very hard to take costs out of all expenditure heads in P&L including 
distribution, material, improving productivity and also other expenses. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Second question is on the pricing and the competitiveness because there is an evolving view 
that commodity prices have started to soften. So the CV industry should be able to see 
better pricing and better margins, but at the same time we have seen even with last two 
years plus of good demand or almost a good demand in the last few quarters. The industry 
has not benefited on the profitability side even with operating leverage benefits and the 
reason being competition. So what are your thoughts on this as the industry starts getting 
some tailwinds from commodity. How do you see the net pricing and the net margin 
scenarios evolving, the gross margin level, I am not talking about the EBITDA margin, but 
more on the gross margin level and related to that is whether are you seeing any revival in 
demand from the small 1 to 10 truck operator kind of a category because that could 
probably result in better pricing for you because the bidding scenario on those orders will 
not be there as such. So if you can just help us understand the pricing and the gross margin 
scenario here. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I think you are completely right in terms of besides the softening on the commodity prices, 
competition does remain immense and there will always be that pressure in terms of how to 
sustain the market share as well as continue to increase the price to a level that gives us 
better gross margins as well. I have said earlier that for us we want to grow market share on 
a profitable basis and that really comes about by delivering better products and better 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 8 of 19 
services. The modular platform has allowed us to do this, it does reduce the cost at the back 
end substantially we are able to reduce our number of vendors as well. So although we have 
to take it for granted that whether it is on the all segments MHCV, LCV, buses, competition 
will always be there, but we are continuously raising our prices as Gopal explained and the 
softening of the commodities should help us and the product pool that has helped us in 
getting up to this 31% market share which is not purely from a perspective of the market 
dynamics itself. There is a lot of customer pull on how they are perceiving our products and 
the value that it brings. Even the fuel performance on our BSVI compared to the 
competition is showing better results across the board. So I think given all of this it does 
allow us to price better and where we need to be more competitive we will take those calls 
as well, but I think we as a team feel quite confident that going forward the gross margin 
level should improve for the company. As far as the retail customers are concerned there is 
an improvement that I have seen as well, but a lot of the infrastructure projects that are 
happening on the roads and also when you look at the mines, bulk deals are happening still 
with the strategic buyers. So there is a slight upturn with retail in different segments, I 
mean, the e-commerce segment, the LCV segment is very much dominated predominantly 
by retail, but the higher-end products are more the fleet owners. I hope I have been able to 
answer that. 
Pramod Kumar: 
I think it has been great and just a follow up on that. Do you see the structure changing ever 
because of the way the taxation norms have changed the entire fallout of demonetisation, 
GST, and the way the financing has evolved. So do you see that in the heavy tonnage 
category or the medium and heavy tonnage category there will be any reversal of this trend 
of formalization of the industry and it is becoming more of a B2B business with strategic 
players on the trucking, on the fleet side. Do you see this changing ever. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
The trend if you see historically in India as well the retail segment does kick in then it slows 
down as soon as the cycle turns. So there is a lot of movement and a lot of the retail is 
prompted by when there are very attractive finance terms that are given as well, but if I look 
at the global theme and from that perspective B2B has a very heavy and definitely is the 
way forward looking at the product cost itself, availability of drivers. So in the long run the 
ratio in this heavy end according to me will be more geared towards the larger fleet owners. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot Dheeraj, thank you Gopal. Best of luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 9 of 19 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Couple of questions from my side. One is with respect to the RM cost impact in 1Q. So, if 
we see the gross margins they have corrected quite reasonably, but can you comment on 
what was the cost inflation on the commodity side in 1Q. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Just like I had mentioned earlier the steel price increases had been at about Rs.4 to Rs.5 a 
kg. So you can do the math that is the base on which the cost inflation has happened, but of 
course an entire vehicle is not steel there are other aggregates etc. There are two or three 
good things that are happening one is that it looks like definitely in Q2 steel prices will 
soften and hopefully if the export duty continues the steel prices will continue to be at a 
softer range. The second good thing that is happening is that there is a pull in the industry 
now, the TIV is actually growing fast and you are seeing that there is a lot of investment led 
growth and the government is creating demand for trucks and the second most important 
thing is the bus demand. Bus demand is also reviving as you are seeing opening up of all 
schools, colleges, intercity transport, etc. mofussil buses etc. The third is of course internal 
to the company and there are two things that are happening. One is as chairman mentioned 
our offerings have been appreciated that predominantly in all geographies as well as in all 
sub segments covering ICV, Haulage, Tipper, Tractor MAV we have gained share. So this 
is not just some mathematical thing that has happened. The second bit of it is of course 
there are renewed programs that we are having currently all across the company for taking 
cost out methodically which we have been doing over the last four to five years and we are 
getting better and better at it and you would see the confluence of all of this, 1) softening of 
raw material prices, 2) increase in demand because increase in TIV happening because of 
demand coming up, 3) product performance has been getting better, we have made quite a 
few launches last quarter and the quarter before that we introduced CNG which has been 
well received. Of course now the CNG arbitrage is going well it is not as high as it was, but 
we will still continue to introduce products in the ICV range where we are seeing growth 
and 4th is the initiative that we are taking within the company itself. So if we were to add up 
all of this we do see a situation where we will continue to pursue growth in the domestic 
market and secondly we will continue to take out cost and grow profitably. One more thing 
that I may add and I am sure chairman may want to expand is the performance of the other 
businesses also if you look at it LCV would have done even better than what we wanted it 
to because there was a constraint in the semi-conductor availability. Semi-conductor 
availability is another constraint which possibly will see going away over the next few 
quarters because very clearly the demand for electronic items has come off quite a bit post 
COVID and then all our other businesses including aftermarket have done very well, 
exports has posted a growth of nearly 75% in terms of CVs. So I think there is lot of 
positive things that are happening so we are de-volatizing the company as well, so this in 
terms of the composition of what is happening in the company a lot of things are hopefully 
falling in place. Back to you! 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 10 of 19 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And can you share how are discounts in this quarter I believe they would be more or less 
flat on Q-o-Q basis and how they are trending in July and the price increase taken in July or 
August so far. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
See the discounts continue to be high, I mean, I would not say the discounts are coming off 
but what we are trying to do is the industry is also moving in from a pure discounting to 
various offerings that we are doing. We are offering extended warranty, AMC’s. So all of 
that is now becoming a buying pull or an offer that the customer is looking at very keenly. 
As far as the July numbers are concerned we will have to wait and watch I am not able to 
comment on it, but the discounts continue to be high, but what we are also looking at is the 
net price realization as I keep stating because what is important is am I netting more month-
on-month or not in terms of price realization and that factually we are. So our net price 
realizations are improving and with the reduction in raw material prices I think the margin 
should improve. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And lastly can you talk about the switch mobility with respect to the order book and product 
pipeline particularly for the Indian market. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I will just quickly share the order book, but then I will hand it over to chairman. We have 
roughly about 600 bus order for switch India and that we have from BMTC (Bangalore 
Metropolitan Transport Corporation), BEST and a couple of private orders. I think company 
is doing well, product is getting well accepted, and we are doing most of this as e-mobility 
as a service which means we also operate it on the customer’s behalf and the uptimes are 
good. So customers are seeing the benefit of a credible OE like Ashok Leyland actually 
delivering services to them, but as far as switch, overall strategy is concerned I think it 
would be most appropriate if chairman were to share it. Chairman over to you. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
So Gopal mentioned the order book, I would emphasize is that we do participate in many 
other tenders as well, but we are participating at the price which we believe in the long run 
because we have to hold good for the next eight, ten years are going to be profitable 
contracts. So at this point of time what you see is these 600 vehicles we also have quite a 
large interest and an expression of interest from many customers for our LCVs which we 
are looking to introduce from Q4 of this financial year (Dost and Bada Dost) which will get 
into the market progressively from FY2024, Q4 of this financial year. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Great thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 11 of 19 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Just two questions firstly on the white spaces that we have 
been calling out CNG and know still more launches on LCV. Could you just give some 
more sense as to incrementally what are the product gaps because CNG you have done 
some launches, but LCV we are still awaiting there was supposed to be more product 
action. So some color on incrementally what kind of product action we could expect in the 
white spaces. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Well on CNG as we had said on our last call we have introduced the CNG in our ICV 
segment and we are working to ensure that all products are available in CNG fuel also 
during the course of this next eight, nine months. As far as the LCV is concerned we at this 
point of time have the Dost, Bada dost and partner. Dost is already available in the CNG 
format, but as we look ahead especially in the LCV, we are seeing a very strong trend from 
end customers to move towards an electric version in the light segment. So this will move 
slowly but that is the movement I think the market will witness during the next two, three 
years. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Just extension of this electric. Two parts to it. One on the bus side now you have 
consciously not been very aggressive in some of these CESL orders where you did not see 
the viability but could you give us a little bit color in terms of how should we be thinking 
about the industry because right now it seems to be largely driven by STUs, but you have 
mentioned that we will see traction on the private side as well. So maybe some color on 
how the industry is structured and how you will address this opportunity by not competing 
aggressively in the STU space and on the LCV just the semi-conductor shortage number if 
you can help us how much we are below the optimum monthly run rate that we can achieve 
due to these semi-conductor shortages. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Let us say the move in electric on the passenger side with the larger volumes are coming 
from STUs and just to give a clear perception on this. We will be aggressive, but we will be 
aggressive in tenders and on routes where we believe that the ability to make money is 
going to be better. There is no point taking in contracts for eight, ten years which will be 
running at a loss and I do believe that during the course of the next few months, possibly a 
year, many of our competitors will come to a similar realization that it is much better to run 
these on a profitable manner, but as far as on the private sector a lot of the buses are used 
for staff transportation whether it is for even Ashok Leyland uses buses for staff 
transportation, the BPO companies, IT companies, and their own green program is shifting 
them to make sure that even that staff transportation should be done on a green basis. So we 
are seeing increasingly more interest from those customers and our first order for the private 
segment would be happening in the middle of August. This is an order for about 75 buses 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 12 of 19 
and we will start that delivery in the middle of August, but the interest is definitely growing 
in that segment as well. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And LCV production cut and I mean how much is the impact. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
According to me from ECU shortage during the last few months could be between 500 to 
1000 vehicles based on what the market requirement could have been. Gopal would you 
like to add more. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I think that number is right. So that shortage is there and we cannot help it. It depends on 
whom you are sourcing it from and so each player has their supply chain constraints but 
hopefully all of this will go through like for this month again the LCV volumes have gone 
up by about 7% or so because we did see a little bit of ease on supply constraints so 
hopefully things will keep getting better and better because like chairman mentioned the 
performance of Dost and Bada-Dost is exceptionally well and we are yet to go on a pan 
India basis. The other thing that all of us must realize, today most of the sales is happening 
in may be west and certain other parts of India and if you start going on a pan India basis 
this vehicle will become truly pan India. So the team is working on the distribution across 
the country, we are also seeing whether there are synergies between dealerships that we 
have across businesses and seeing how do we make the penetration even more on a product 
which is better than what competition has to offer. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amin Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Amin Pirani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question was regarding the pricing environment obviously 
you have spoken about it to some extent, but would it be right to say that for the last three to 
four months the discounting pressure from competition in the market in general has been 
much lower and everybody has taken the sensible route and allowing prices to go up. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I would say yes because of the material cost increase we have no other choice. Why is that 
despite volume increases there is a margin pressure, it is because we need to catch up on the 
cost increase that has happened 1) between BSIV to BSVI and 2) the steel price increases, 
So I think with the demand coming up, we were not and possibly some of the players were 
looking at customer acquisition through pricing alone but in a situation where the demand 
starts to go up then what happens is that price is just one factor for decision making. So 
hopefully customers will see the total cost of operations, they will see the vehicle 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 13 of 19 
performance, the fuel consumption, drivability and so many other factors. So that, these are 
reckoned four to five years and sometimes ten years with vehicles are used. So I think we 
are going to see improvement in prices and especially so even in AL. 
Amin Pirani: 
Great that is helpful and secondly just on the financing business if you could give some 
update as to how the Hinduja Leyland finance is doing and any updates on the listing of the 
business and the deal that you had announced sometime back. Thank you. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I will request chairman to talk about the status and I will give some brief numbers on 
Hinduja Leyland Finance once he shares the details with you. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
The HLF has also been doing well, the auto industry, I mean, the recovery of Ashok 
Leyland and the MHCV industry goes very well for them as well the margins are improving 
where I would say the company has done exceptionally well is their housing finance 
business which was started about five years ago now. So they have grown very rapidly in 
that segment and it has added well and as you know the portfolio for Hinduja Leyland 
finance is quite diverse so we are doing two-wheeler, three-wheelers, tractors, commercial 
vehicles, and that let us say spreading of risk across the board has improved, our NIM is 
improving and Gopal if you can give an update on the listing side. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sure, so we are looking at options for this, you will hear from us shortly. We had 
announced the proposal about a couple of months back. So that both the teams are working 
on that we will have an update for you shortly on that. As far as the overall consolidated 
numbers are concerned for HLFL which includes Hinduja Housing Finance and of course a 
very important business that is getting nurtured between Ashok Leyland and Hinduja 
Leyland Finance is Gro Digital, but consolidated AUM is about 30720 Crores.  The 
company has done disbursements of 3484 Crores, income was 800 Crores and a PAT of 97 
Crores which is 12% and GNPA was 3.7% NPA was 2.3%. So the company is actually 
doing well continuously rejigging the portfolio and some of the portfolios are doing 
extremely well, some portfolios of course have some opportunities to get better, but a truly 
diversified company which helps it is not just an MHCV Financing Company it has got off-
road vehicles, it has got loan against property and multiple portfolios. 
Amin Pirani: 
That is helpful. Just one last thing on that do you anticipate investing any money into 
Hinduja Leyland Finance this year because we still do not know the timelines of the reverse 
merger. So if you can help us understand on that and that will be my last question. Thank 
you. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 14 of 19 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
See there are two things. 1) we are not able to state now because it depends on the timing 2) 
even if we have to make some investment let us assume it is not going to be significant and 
3) whatever investment that you have been making to Hinduja Leyland Finance has only 
been accretive finally to Ashok Leyland because finally what do we do, we invest equity for 
actually growing the business this is not for any other purpose. So the capital requirement if 
any, that comes in we would want to ensure that Hinduja Leyland Finance does not miss 
any step of business acquisition and growing the business for want of capital but we have 
not done any huge investment in HLFL. So maybe 100 Crores, 200 Crores, but still very 
early for us to share anything at all. 
Amin Pirani: 
Great Sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Edelweiss Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir. Two questions from my side. First on the gross margin at 
the cost of repeating. So when we look at some of the peer set numbers that have come 
across there seems to be slightly higher pressure on gross margin in the quarter. Now is it 
largely because of the lag effect of commodities or it has more to do with the revenue mix 
also if you can share some light some breakup if possible. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sorry just to clarify for everyone’s benefit, are you stating that our gross margins are better 
or I did not understand. 
Chirag Shah: 
No, the sequential the pressure seems to be higher when we compare to the peer set. See I 
understand that it could be purely sequential or seasonal of quarterly variations. So is that 
the reason or there is something in the revenue mix which is taking it slightly lower 
frequently and absolute terms as well as when you compared to the to the industry peers. So 
that was first question. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
You see basically it is when you look at peer set 1) there are only one or two with whom 
you have public domain information. 2) the raw material and you have information on raw 
material as a percentage of revenues. See the absolute ratio of raw material to revenues will 
depend on the level of in-sourcing and outsourcing that happens. So there is a vast 
difference so it is not an apple-to-apple comparison. Having said that if you have seen raw 
material as a percentage to sale, we have seen an increase on steel prices and that is one of 
the reasons why you are seeing the raw material as a percentage to sale actually going up 
and the third reason is the mix as you mentioned we have grown in ICV in terms of margins 
ICV cannot be as high as say a heavy vehicle say 15 tons, 16 tons or a 20-ton truck cannot 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 15 of 19 
be as profitable as in terms of percentages as a 40 ton or 49 ton. So as in this business as the 
size of the vehicle start to grow, the profitability per unit also gets better, but having said 
that let me not leave you with the impression that we have not been growing and like I 
mentioned we have been growing predominantly in all geographies and all segments, but 
these are the main reasons why we have seen the raw material as a percentage to still 
actually going up marginally sequentially. 
Chirag Shah: 
This is helpful. Second question was on the dealer profitability you indicated in the 
opening. So is it more incremental and ongoing thing or there is some, because we had done 
a reasonable structural look at the dealership the way they function a few years back. So is 
there something of similar nature you are looking at and if some of the areas that if you 
would like to highlight what you are looking at because I understand that dealers are 
reasonably efficient as on date. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No I think one of the most important things that our dealers appreciate from Ashok Leyland 
and I will quickly hand it over to Chairman also is that we do not keep pushing inventory 
into the system. So for them what happens is that they do not have the pressure of having to 
take vehicles and then getting stuck. The second part of it is dealer profitability is 
something which is very core to us in Ashok Leyland so for as the profit profitability of 
partners is equally important and there is a lot of focus on improving dealer viability where 
we have seen that some of the dealers have not been able to get their volume that are 
required, we are trying to help them to realign some of the geographies. We are also looking 
at where some dealers are underperforming, it is not that there were any constraints in those 
cases I think there has also been a refresh of the entire dealership that has happened quite a 
bit over the last six months and that is why you are actually seeing the growth in the market 
share as well of course apart from the customer’s acceptance of products, but having said 
this would now hand it over to chairman to actually expand on this. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Gopal you elaborated it quite extensively on the dealers is there any specific element that 
still requires clarification. 
Chirag Shah: 
No, this is helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. So when we look at the current 
TIV so if you look at quarterly volumes and adjust it for seasonality. We note that it is fairly 
close to the peak TIV. The peak TIV, I recall correctly was about 390000 close to 4 lakhs 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 16 of 19 
and current volumes adjusted for seasonality would be 3.4, 3.5 lakhs. So despite a large part 
of normalization of volume, we are seeing that discounts are significantly high which is 
counterintuitive because typically good volumes come with lower discounts and in that 
context when you look at what your peak margins can be, when volumes completely go 
back to previous highs may be say in FY2024. Do you think you can reach the 11%, 12% 
kind of EBITDA margin that you have reached in the previous cycles? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I would say that one of the things we do need to take into account is that as we have gone 
through these emission norms. There has been a cost escalation as a result of those which 
we have not been able to pass on substantially onto the market, but I feel quite comfortable 
in saying that an EBITDA of + 10% or possibly 11% is where we as an industry should 
operate because there needs to be efficiency internally within the company. So even if we 
are not able to price at a level due to competition where we should be, we are definitely 
working on our internal efficiency with many cost reduction initiatives to try and see how 
we get to better EBITDA level. Gopal would you like to add anything. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No, I think you have stated that and all I can just add is internally we are also pushing to 
ensure that we not only grow but grow profitably.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I am sorry we have lost the connection of Mr. Gopal Mahadevan I 
will quickly connect them, give me a moment. In the meanwhile, I would request Mr. 
Hinduja to continue with the answer. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I think as Gopal was saying the internal efficiencies what we are focused upon and the last 
two quarters the growth that we see in market share I would like to re-emphasize a lot of it 
has to do around the product itself and the performance of the product the performance of 
the engine. So if we can keep going and as the customers are becoming more sophisticated 
looking at the total cost of ownership as opposed to that immediate point of price when they 
initially purchase I think we are set up very well. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Sir we have the line of Mr. Gopal Mahadevan connected now. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes, thank you my line got disconnected. Sorry go ahead please. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I hope I have responded to your question. 
Joseph George: 
Yes, Sir thank you that is all I had. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 17 of 19 
Saurabh: 
Hi! Sir, can you please throw some light on the exceptional item that we have seen in the 
accounts this quarter like the discontinued products for the LCV division and more 
importantly regarding the expected outflow due to the accidental damage. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
See that is the discontinued operations are nothing but a quarterly charge that happens on 
account of the merger of the LCV business with Ashok Leyland. So this is a very minor 
charge that happens every quarter it is an accounting thing which will run through a couple 
of years I do not know the exact term, but this is a charge that needs to come in because the 
businesses have been merged all the three LCV companies have been merged what was the 
second part please. 
Saurabh: 
Regarding the expected outlook due to the accidental damage which is appearing in the 
consolidated accounts. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No, that is nothing but it pertains to Optare / Switch where there was a fire and so there is 
an insurance claim that is pending but I think the Switch management has conservatively 
take a charge of that. Next question please. 
Saurabh: 
And basically just at the cost of repetition so regarding the other expenses. When I was 
going through the previous trends so normally what we have seen is that in the first quarter 
other expenses have been normally lower as compared to the fourth quarter by 
approximately 10%, 15% but in the first quarter we have seen on the contrary some rise as 
against falls. So just wanted to understand if there were any one-offs in the quarter or have 
the expenses actually gone up or the marketing expenses? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No, let me again explain this.  Last quarter was a little different in the sense and I had 
mentioned it in the call as well that we were able to handle quite a bit of reductions in 
various inputs, services that were taken. The second one was that there are certain reversals 
of expenditure that we take throughout the year not because of anything, I mean we have to 
wait for the end of the year for the actual performance to happen. So like for example sales 
incentives. The other one is say for example some of the provisions that we make on 
employee costs etc. depending on the actual performance of the company. The other aspect 
which we are kind of missing out is unlike in the previous years, this is quite a high 
inflation year and so you have to reset some of the contracts that we have entered into 
effective 1st of April. So you have seen a cost build up. What I can only share at the 
moment and this is not a like we cannot tell it with accuracy, but we believe that as the year 
moves on, we will see a kind of a gradual tapering off of the expenditure as a percentage to 
sale and as the year moves on, you would see that happening. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 18 of 19 
Saurabh: 
Still If I have got it correct. So basically it is the same expenses but they have gone up and 
there are no anyone-offs in this quarter. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No there are no one-offs in this quarter there is nothing exceptional huge hit or anything. 
Nothing if it was we would have shared it with you. 
Saurabh: 
And lastly on the passenger MHCV business so basically we have seen that it has been the 
biggest laggard in terms of recovery right. So what are you reading so from the market in 
terms of demand outlook also this space has historically been largely a three-player game, 
but with the gradual shift towards the e-buses what kind of disruption you are looking at 
any color on those? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sir would you want to answer that or should I take it. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
As I mentioned at the start of the call we are looking at based on ICRA this segment should 
see a growth of anywhere between 30% to 35%. Demand is coming back right from school 
buses to STUs from the private segment and you are right, competition has increased as 
there are more entrants in this segment as well. But luckily we have very strong relationship 
with a lot of STUs and they have seen the performance of the product and their manpower 
is trained to deal with our products pretty well. So we do feel that we can continue our 
dominance within this segment and the challenge always is to make sure that we have 
newer and newer products coming up in this segment. As far as the EV segment is 
concerned, it is still a smaller number although when we hear about the tenders whether it is 
2000, 4000, but those are all to be delivered over a period of time. So in the immediate 
sense, diesel will continue to be the top priority for this segment but we are seeing growth 
in EVs actually seeing the growth faster than many other geographies which is very 
encouraging in terms of the government initiative to push the green agenda and I can assure 
you that we have been number one when it comes to buses and we would like to continue 
that whether in whichever fuel types it could be diesel, electric, and going forward CNG, 
etc. So we are quite comfortable and confident in this. 
Saurabh: 
Got it and Gopal lastly on a data point if you can help me out here. What would be the 
spares mix and Q1 spares revenue that is it from my side. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sorry what would be I did not understand. 
Saurabh: 
What would be the spares mix in the total revenue and spare mix as a percentage and the 
revenue absolute revenue if you could share. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Spares was about 8% of the overall revenue. So the total revenue was 7223 cr. 

 
 
  
Ashok Leyland Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings 
Page 19 of 19 
Saurabh: 
And it has increased Q-o-Q. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Q-o-Q the spares revenue that is you are talking Q-o-Q as a sequential or is it. 
Saurabh: 
Sequential. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Sequential it would be marginally higher viz., from 7% of overall revenue in last quarter. 
Saurabh: 
Okay got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I would just like to thank everyone once again for participating and showing your interest. I 
hope you do see continued growth in this industry even if we look at the GDP analysis 
which is estimated anywhere between 6%, 6.5%, 7% growth, with that growth rate we 
believe that this segment should see continuation of the upward trend that we have 
witnessed over the last few quarters and for us at Ashok Leyland the important aspect is to 
make sure that our customers receive the best products and they receive the best service. 
Our subsidiaries like Hinduja Leyland finance are performing well, switch as a company 
both in UK and in India and expanding into Europe is also moving at the pace and plans 
that we have for it and we continue to be quite optimistic about the next few quarters we do 
realize there are headwinds with inflationary pressures, interest rate hikes and conflicts 
between Russia, Ukraine but if the government growth plans continue then we are quite 
optimistic about the Ashok Leyland performance as well. Thank you. Gopal would you like 
to add anything. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
 No thank you Sir, I think nothing more. Thank you very much for the interest in Ashok 
Leyland to all of you and very healthy attendance today in the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
