FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
CIN NO.L17119DN1990PLC000091
FIL/SE/2022-23/35 
6th August, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C -l, Bloch-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX
BSE Limited
Listing Department
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street,
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 1st August, 2022 for the 
Q1 FY23 results of the Company
Dear Sirs/ Madam,
In continuation of our letter dated 28th July, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript in respect of the Earnings Conference call held on 
1st August, 2022 for the Q1 FY23 results of the Company.
This is for your information and records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
COMPANY SECRETARY
Enel.: a/a
CO RPO RA TE O FFIC E
REGD. O FFIC E & W ORKS
SURAT O FFICE
MUMBAI O FFICE
B h a g e ria H o u se
S . No. 2 7 4 D em ni Road
B h a g e ria H o u se
3 2 1 , M aker C h a m b e r - V
43 Community Centre
Dadra • 396193
Ring Road
Nariman Point
New Friends Colony
U.T. of-Dadra & Nagar Haveli
S u ra t - 3 9 5 0 0 2
M um bai -4 0 0 0 2 1
New Delhi • 1 1 0 0 25 , India
India
India
India
P +91.11.26312503,26848633/44
P +91.260.2668343/8510
P +91.261.4030000
P +91.22.22026005/06
F +91.11.26849915
F +91.260.2668344
F +91.261.2310796
F +91.22.22026006
E flldelhi@filatex.com
E fildadra@ filatex.com
E filsurat@ filatex.com
E filmumbai@ filatex.com
Website: www.filatex.com

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 01, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MADHU SUDHAN BHAGERIA - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK CHAUHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FILATEX INDIA 
LIMITED 
MS. STUTI BHAGERIA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
STRATEGY - FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Filatex India Limited Q1 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria. Thank you and over 
to you Sir! 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all of you attending this 
earning call for the quarter ended June 2022. Joining me in this call are Mr. 
Ashok Chauhan and Ms. Stuti Bhageria.  
 
I presume you would have certainly gone through the presentation, which has 
been uploaded on our website as well as on the stock exchange. 
 
After a good performance in FY22, this quarter Q1 FY23 has been rather 
turbulent for the global economy and international trade strained by challenges 
on all fronts, including ever-changing variants of covid, supply chain 
disruptions, skyrocketing energy and daily consumption commodity prices and 
geo-political tensions. Politically, the war between Russia and Ukraine has 
caused steep increase in oil and food prices, aggravating the cost of living in all 
countries. Political and economic uncertainties, along with degradation of 
natural environment have brought a series of challenges which have 
accelerated the competition for survival. 
 
The first quarter has been extremely tough for Indian Polyester manufacturers. 
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine culminated in a war on 24th Feb 2022. 
The general expectation was that it would be of a short duration before a peace 
accord would be signed. However, the war has dragged on leading to sanctions 
and consequent extreme economic upheavals in global markets. The 
immediate effect was felt on crude and currency.  The extreme volatility of 
crude prices, further aggravated by a falling rupee has led to steep increase in 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
RM prices, mainly the PTA. In the domestic market the PTA manufacturers 
supply material at prices on parity with landed cost of imported material. As 
most of the PTA is sourced from far East, the impact is high on account high 
freights which gets added to FOB costs. The rise in raw material inputs has 
strained the margins severely as we could not pass through this increase due to 
low demand. The exports were badly hit due to high freight rates. 
Uncompetitive prices in export market increased the supply in the domestic 
market as plant capacity utilization was high amongst domestic manufacturers. 
Excess supply in the domestic market also led to squeeze on the margins. 
 
Despite of all such adversities, we managed a production volume of 85,449 MT 
as against 77,959 MT in Q1FY22. The sale quantity in this quarter is 83,066 MT as 
against 67,704 MT in Q1FY22. The sales revenue stands at Rs 1023 Cr as against 
699 Cr in Q1 FY22. The high revenue is on account of rather high input costs. The 
EBIDTA in Q1 FY 23 is 74.31 Cr as against 101.17 Cr on year-on-year basis. PBT 
numbers for this quarter are Rs 58.50 Cr against 76.12 in Q1FY22.  PAT is INR 
43.4 Cr in this quarter vs 52.14 Cr in Q1FY22. The increase in top line is the effect 
of high raw material prices. To give a better picture, the average melt price (an 
accepted industry indicator of PTA and MEG prices) in this quarter was Rs 89/Kg 
vs Rs 68/Kg last year. 
 
Volatility of prices generally mutes the demand of yarns/textiles. However, this 
situation in the market can’t last for long. The demand has to pick up as yarn 
users have only limited stocks. They have to start their procurement and it will 
initially be a shift of inventory piled up at manufacturers’ end and as demand 
firms up, the prices will also move up. Shipping rates are also coming down 
though these are still higher than the rates of pre covid period. In export 
market, the freight from India was generally lower than that from China. 
However, due to covid restrictions globally, the freight rates from China became 
lower than that from India thereby killing possibilities of exports. Now this 
differential has come down and is likely to be in favour of India which is 
obviously logical. Domestic demand in China has also picked up thereby 
diluting the thrust from exports. With some movement in exports of yarn from 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
India is likely to improve demand and margin in domestic market. Besides 
these external phenomena, in our industry first quarter is generally sluggish 
and momentum builds up in the second quarter onwards, improving further 
close to festive season. As I speak to you, the offtake from the plants has 
improved and inventories are reducing. 
 
A brief word about the textile industry in general. The global factors have cast 
shadows across the textile industry. The high inflation effects are visible across 
all industry segments including on daily essential needs of the common man. 
Government is looking at ways and means to manage the supply chains for all 
essential items, contain the inflation and currency fluctuations for reviving the 
economy. 
 
As you may recall, around two and half years ago we had initiated in-house 
research work on “chemical recycling” of polyester waste in all forms. After 
extensive research and successful lab trials we moved ahead to set up a pilot 
plant of capacity 1.5 MT per day. One section of the plant “Depolymerization” 
was already commissioned. The polymerization part was under testing which 
has been completed now. We have started our trial runs to establish the 
process parameters and quality checks. While carrying out our trials we had 
applied to “Global Recycled Standard “who through their authorised external 
agency in India, M/s Control Union have audited every step of our chemical 
recycling process and inward and outward system. We have been awarded the 
GRS certificate for pre-consumer as well as post-consumer waste. We have 
planned for a trial period of around six months before initiating market seeding. 
 
The work on our planned project of debottlenecking melt capacity of 50 MT per 
day and manufacturing lines of 120 MT per day POY is progressing well. A part of 
the lines are already commissioned. Some equipment, stuck at vendors’ 
workshops due to shipping constraints, has now been received. As planned, we 
will complete the installation and commissioning activities by August 2022. 
 
At our plant at Dadra, we have scrapped some old spinning lines and  new lines 
have been installed and commissioned. Though this step is more of a 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
renovation towards quality improvement and not towards capacity addition, 
the improved productivity of new winder will increase the output by around 6-8 
MT per day and also reduce operating costs. 
 
We have signed up with a reputed renewable power generation company, M/S 
Fourth Partner, for a hybrid wind & solar power plant for a capacity of 10.8 MW. 
Our company will have to invest 10.35 Cr for a 26% stake in the project to 
qualify as Captive User which allows waiver of cross-subsidy and additional 
surcharge. The purchase power agreement has been signed for a period of 25 
years. The generation company has scheduled commissioning of the plant by 
March 2023 and has committed to supply around 50 Million Units annually. The 
expected benefit will be more than Rs.10 Cr annually. 
 
I am pleased to share that our credit rating has improved to A+ from A for Long 
Term Bank Facilities term loans and A1+ for Short Term Bank facilities. 
 
We remain optimistic about future prospects of our business. We will continue 
to focus our work on development of polyester products and strive to attain the 
goals of environment protection, energy saving and carbon reduction. Our R&D 
efforts will continue to develop new technologies and products towards 
attempts to achieve sustainability and a circular economy in synthetic fibres. 
 
Thank you. Now we can move to questions & answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. We will take the first question from the line of 
Ashish Sinhal from ASK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sinhal: 
Very good afternoon, Sir. Actually, I just wanted to know the outlook for the 
next 12 months. How the industry will perform and how our company will 
perform and secondly given income tax raid, so what is the status of the same 
like is it resolved or the matter is still going on? 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
The first question like outlook for this full year, first quarter results are already 
out and second quarter I think we should be mainly similar or slightly better 
than the first quarter. Then the third and fourth quarter we should do 
significantly better than these two quarters, so overall things should improve. 
The demand is picking up and traditionally also third & fourth quarter are very 
good and the demand picks up from second quarter, so we can see demand 
picking up as the inventories have started reducing and material is moving. 
Also, export has also started picking up now, which was very slow in the first 
quarter, so that will help to reduce the pressure in the local market. Regarding 
the IT, it is still going on it has not been concluded. One assessment was done 
and for that we have gone in the appeal, rest will happen and I think by this 
year-end most of the assessments will happen and then whatever the other 
things we have to go and appeal and then further on, so it is a long process. 
Ashish Sinhal: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from KR 
Choksey Shares and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Good evening, Sir. Definitely a tough quarter, a lot of adverse things happened, 
you did highlight that since scenarios are improving and Q3 and Q4 and this 
quarter, we managed to maintain our volume, just trying to understand why we 
taken a hit on margins so badly, still we manage to maintain our volumes? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Even by reducing the volumes the margins are going to be a hit because overall 
everybody in the industry is not reducing the volumes and so the volumes are 
more than the demand, in any commodity then the margins come under 
pressure very fast and similarly on the other side if the demand is slightly more 
than the supply, the margins improve. This is a phenomenon of commodity. 
While reducing volumes we would have added on the cost of production. So we 
did not reduce the volumes. Just by reducing our volume will not help the 
market. The overall industry has to reduce some volumes, which is not in our 
hand, that might have helped a little bit. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Got your point. Since we had seen the volatility in crude continue in this quarter 
also and supply chains as we understand from our sources also has not been 
resolved to the previous levels because of the new COVID variant that came in 
China, so do you think this quarter will largely be impacted? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
This quarter things have started improving because the demand in this quarter 
is generally better than first quarter. First quarter lot of labor goes back to 
villages so the productivity in the fabric and garment side is also low. Now for 
the festive and winter season, the production in garments and fabric side 
increases from this quarter onwards. So I do not think it should be going down. 
We should be able to do slightly better than the first quarter, I think. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Okay, barring second quarter since we are into a recovery phase after this jolt, 
can we expect similar volumes and margins that we had earlier for Q3-Q4? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Volume wise still we are quite okay in this quarter also. But yes going forward 
volumes will improve and from third and fourth quarter, the extra production 
which we have added in this quarter will also be fully operational and would be 
utilized in third and fourth quarter. The 120 tons per day of capacity which 
partially has already started half of it and half of it will start in this month. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Okay, another thing that has been impacting our performance is high fuel cost 
and we understand that coal prices is at a YTD base level more than 130% and 
our plant I understand is still not up and running, so how we are managing this? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Yes that is a problem for everyone. The coal prices have not come down. As and 
when they come down then only we will be able to operate the power plant but 
we are trying to find out other ways. We have entered into an agreement with 
Fourth Partner, so that from next year onwards they will be giving us renewable 
energy of 50 million units, so there we have a saving of around Rs.2-3 per unit. 
And we are also exploring from one more company to go into a solar agreement 
so that we can have these kind of things where the cost of energy will never go 
up and we have a fixed price agreement with them which is not pegged to the 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
energy cost. We are trying whatever is possible to reduce cost, so next year 
hopefully we should get the benefits of these. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Great Sir, also the recyclable trial plant is up and running… 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Yes, that has just started. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Since our last plant we have seen the quality and it was up to the mark, so when 
we have our plans for big plant to come in and what are our updates on land 
acquisitions that we are looking at? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Land acquisition we are already trying. There is a land available in Maharashtra, 
which we have already applied for and that has been a long time. Hopefully we 
should get that soon. This recycling process would take another six months for 
us to improve our quality parameters and the process conditions. Once that is 
done then only we will commit ourselves for a big plant. Till then we will do this 
parallel work like acquiring land and talking to the machinery suppliers with 
their deliveries and other things but the commitment will only happen once we 
are sure about the process and the quality from this small plant. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Our plans for FY2024 end are still intact or it will delay? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
I think by 2024 end we should have the plant starting. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Okay and this POY lines that we have commissioned in the part, is it still under 
process I understand, so this will be good enough to take care of our growth till 
then? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Yes, that will be able to take care of growth and maybe we will do some small 
other additions. We are looking at other ways to do some debottlenecking and 
increase our production, so that is still going on. Major project we are going to 
take as and when the market and the world stabilizes. See today the world is 
also in a lot of turmoil. We want to wait and see how the world stabilizes then 
only commit some funds for a bigger project. We do not want to commit any big 
project in such kind of world environment. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
I got your point and you are very right on your strategy, I am just trying to 
understand what best we can do to do value addition from here on, since we 
have done a lot of value addition or value mix? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
We are exploring some possibilities. There is one more quality of yarn which is 
called cationic yarn. We are exploring to add some polymerization to make 
cationic chips and make cationic yarn out of that. Also to add some more 
winder in the existing system to increase some productivity. Small small things 
wherever we feel by spending like Rs.20-50 Crores kind of a thing and we can 
add productivity and increase value addition that we will do till the world 
stabilizes and when we see that we can commit some bigger project because 
bigger project would now mean, other than this recycle project, if you go for 
more polymerization at least Rs.1000-1200 Crores, so I do not want to commit 
such huge funds if the world does not look to be stabilizing. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Can you throw some light on cationic yarn, what is the industry size, what are 
the markets we are looking at if we are going up with new value addition? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Today, total industry size of polyester filament yarn is roughly 4.5 million tons 
in India and overall in the world it would be close to 50 million tons and the 
growth rate worldwide, barring these 2-3 years of disturbance, has been around 
5-6%, so every year you need around 2.5 to 3 million tons of extra filament yarn 
in the world which is the driver of the textile growth because around 70- 80% of 
the textile requirement is made through polyester filament yarn. There is no 
growth in natural fibers as per the volumes are there. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
I was just trying to bring your focus on cationic yarn; can you scale out the size 
of this particular yarn? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
It is a small size and we would add maybe another 60 tons per day of 
production of this which we are still exploring and we are talking to the 
suppliers. Once we take it up it will be operational by end of first quarter next 
financial year, so June 2023. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Okay, do we have global or domestic demand for this yarn? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
There is lot of domestic demand for this yarn, global I do not think much but 
domestic demand is quite healthy. Cationic gives lot of luster and deep 
dyeability to the yarn and the dyes which are used in this penetrate inside the 
yarn, so they do not get faded, so the high quality fabrics require these kind of 
yarns and embroidery thread also uses these kind of yarns. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Thank you very much for your answer. Wish you best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question is from the line of Samra Siddiqui 
from Revolve Advisory Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Samra Siddiqui: 
Good evening Sir. I just read the news that the company has commissioned 
plant for recycling a polyester waste of 1500 kg per day for recycle polyester at 
Dahej unit, so I just wanted to know how it is going to help in improving the 
numbers. Are we going in a different sort of category? And the second question 
is what is the geographical split this year in terms of India and outside India? 
Thank you. 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
This is a test plant, this is not going to improve any numbers, this is just going to 
validate our technology and we will be able to improve the quality which we 
want to make in a bigger plant. This is not a commercial plant, although yes we 
can sell some product in the market but that stage will come later on once we 
have improved the quality and it is marketable. This is mostly a test plant. Right 
now our product mix mostly I think more than 90% we have sold locally in this 
quarter because the exports potential was very low. 
Samra Siddiqui: 
Any new product category this year going forward for improving the revenue? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
No, we are just adding more volume this year as of now, no new category of 
products. 
Samra Siddiqui: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Ajit Sen an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ajit Sen: 
Thanks a lot. First question is on export. You indicated that export was not 
competitive this quarter, but if you look at most of the currencies would have 
depreciated. So in that front the incompetitiveness is coming from which side, 
is it more lesser INR depreciation or your cost going up? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
The export because of INR depreciation does not help much, because 70-75% is 
the raw material cost, which is spent with dollar only and then we have to 
compete against China. We have to see what is their cost and last quarter  China 
has been dumping in the export market because their local market was not 
doing so well and also the freights were upward. China was able to get a better 
freight to the countries where we export than what we are getting from India, so 
it was difficult to compete with them that is why it has dropped. There is 
nothing to do with currency. It does not make much difference in the export 
whether it appreciates or depreciates because the large amount is only 
reflected in the raw material prices. For now freight cost has been increasing in 
China and some small reduction has happened in India, so export has started 
picking up. We are getting now some orders, so maybe in this quarter our 
export would be better than last quarter. 
Ajit Sen: 
Second question is if we have to look at the business from next 2-3 year 
perspective what is the EBITDA per kg that is the bare minimum is what we 
reported in this quarter is the representative or it should definitely be double 
digit because this quarter our EBITDA would be around Rs.8 per kg? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Yes, this quarter definitely is low, this quarter our EBITDA per kg is around Rs.9, 
but I think we should do around Rs.13-14 going forward and that should be a 
sustainable margin. 
Ajit Sen: 
Okay. Second was are you tracking the PLI scheme because you are an indirect 
beneficiary if those plants start coming in, are you tracking that by any chance? 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Yes, we are tracking, there are a lot of companies who are putting plants in that 
and then once they come in stream, we will get a benefit because they will use 
our yarn as raw material. 
Ajit Sen: 
Can we assume that this PLI scheme benefit would be there from 2025 onwards 
not before that or how are you tracking it and what is your understanding of 
that? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
The major benefit should start coming from FY25 only because just started and 
people will take at least 1-1.5 years to implement their projects that is the 
minimum time for green field project, most of them are Greenfield projects 
starting from scratch. 
Ajit Sen: 
By chance, if at all, I am just trying to get the information, if possible, what kind 
of demand it can have, is there any thought process any work done or available 
given that we had 4.5 million kind of a demand currently, what kind of demand 
it could have if the PLI scheme become the great success, is there any data 
available? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
The PLI scheme will only add capacity. Demand comes from people only, PLI 
will add only capacity, it is not necessary they would be able to run full capacity, 
but I think at least India should do 12% to 14% per annum CAGR in synthetic 
yarns and fabrics because now government is giving incentives so exports from 
India should increase of these items. Internal consumption will not go so high, 
but export should go high because of the incremental demand in the world, 
India should be able to take a major share in that which was earlier being taken 
up by China. In incremental demand I think India should be able to take more 
part which will help us in increasing demand for yarn in turn. 
Ajit Sen: 
Lastly you also referred that the cost has really gone up significantly in the 
quarter, the input prices, now how do we assess or look at this import parity 
prices, how volatile because last two years have been very different in that 
sense, so you cannot look at last two years, from here on how should we assess 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
or look at the volatility of the import parity prices, if you can help us understand 
that would be great? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Demand is the main thing, if the demand and the uncertainties are not there in 
the world then the volatility will also reduce. Because of the war there is a lot of 
volatility that has been created. 
Ajit Sen: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Basant Pandey an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Basant Pandey: 
Thank you for the opportunity. As I understand the main growth driver going 
ahead for us would be the recycling plant, which will transform us from a 
commodity company into basically a specialty company sort of, so how 
differentiate our process from the existing chemical process utilizing glycolysis 
which is already in existing, is there any major difference or is it around the 
same line? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
I cannot disclose you that, but there are not too many people who are doing 
chemical recycling. As far as I know only Polygenta is one company who is doing 
a chemical recycling. 
Basant Pandey: 
I am talking about worldwide Sir. 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Worldwide also there are hardly any companies who are come in big 
production, there could be people doing 1-4 tons but nothing is like 50 to 100 
tons, they are all thinking and in the implemented stage, no technology has 
been perfected as yet which can guarantee a good product by chemical 
recycling, so everybody is in the similar stage maybe one step ahead or one step 
back than us, and there are hardly five to six people who are trying it out 
worldwide, it is not too many people also trying out. 
Basant Pandey: 
Basically, these could be getting first-mover advantage also in this? 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
It could get us first-mover advantage if we are able to start our plant by FY2024 
end. I do not think more than one or two people will be able to start before that. 
Basant Pandey: 
Thank you Sir. Another thing we have just taken a new debt of Rs.187 Crores, so 
is this just a normal rollover of the old debts or is it something new? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
No, must be rollover, we have taken only new debt of around Rs.50 Crores for 
the new machines which we have imported that is a ECB loan which we have 
taken, which we get in Europe, rupee loan we have not taken any rupee loan. 
Basant Pandey: 
The loan which is showing right now from Kotak Bank is basically a rollover? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
No, that is a working capital, IndusInd Bank. That is a working capital loan. It is 
not a fresh like we have redistributed, and we have increased some working 
capital loan because the turnover has gone up and also we started importing 
raw materials more than depending on the local supplier, so requirement of LCs 
has gone up, the imports you need LC one month before shipment and transit 
time and all those things. 
Basant Pandey: 
You already have a line from Union Bank Rs.1200 Crores or something? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
We have Rs.750 Crores of total working capital credit which is 550 non-fund, 200 
fund based and we are trying to increase by 200 more. It is just a precaution to 
keep some extra money in the working capital, it takes almost four to six 
months to get sanctions from all the banks and like the branches are going up 
so it would put a drain on the working capital, so as a precaution I want to 
always have some extra working capital in the system. 
Basant Pandey: 
Our debt level right now would be what Sir? 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
Debt level in term loan would be close to around Rs.400 Crores and working 
capital we are using only LCs and BGs, utilization of CC limits is very minimal 
maybe Rs.10-Rs.15 Crores. 
Basant Pandey: 
This Rs.400 Crores we would not be including the foreign exchange loan right? 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
August 01, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
No, it includes everything. 
Basant Pandey: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now 
like to hand the conference back to Mr. Bhageria for closing comments. Over to 
you Sir! 
Madhu S Bhageria: 
I would like to thank all the participants for sparing their time and joining us for 
the conference call. Bye. See you in the next conference call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Filatex India Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
