 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
(Formerly Gateway Rail Freight Ltd.) 
Registered Office: Sector 6, Dronagiri, Taluka Uran, District Raigarh, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 400707, India 
Corporate Office: 206-7, Southern Park, Saket District Centre, New Delhi – 110017, India 
T: +91 11 4055 4400 F: +91 11 4055 4413 W: www.gateway-distriparks.com CIN: U60231MH2005PLC344764 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 August, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebjoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543489 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: GATEWAY 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
Subject:  Transcript of Q1 FY 2022-23 Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Further to our communication dated 2 August 2022, wherein we had informed about the 
uploading of audio transcript of Q1 FY 2022-23 conference call on website, Please find 
attached herewith the transcript of the Call. 
 
Please note the transcript of the Call has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
at https://www.gatewaydistriparks.com/Investor.php 
 
 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED (formerly known as Gateway Rail Freight Limited) 
  
 
 
ANUJ KALIA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl:a/a 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 02, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 02nd August 2022 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                  
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PREM KISHAN DASS GUPTA - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS 
LIMITED 
                                             MR. 
ISHAAN 
GUPTA 
- 
JOINT 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
                                             MR. 
SAMVID 
GUPTA 
- 
JOINT 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
                                             MR. 
SACHIN 
BHANUSHALI 
- 
CEO, 
RAIL, 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
                                             MR. SANDEEP SHAW - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
                                             MR. MANOJ SINGH - PRESIDENT, CFS, GATEWAY 
DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
                                              
                                           
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gateway Distriparks Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company, as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note, that this conference is being recorded.  
 
Today on the call we have Mr. Prem Kishan Das Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Ishaan Gupta, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Samvid Gupta, Joint Managing Director; Mr. 
Sachin Bhanushali, CEO, Rail; Mr. Sandeep Shaw, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Manoj Singh, 
President, CFS.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prem Kishan Das Gupta. Thank you and over to you, 
sir.  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Thank you. Good evening and warm welcome to all the participants to the post results earnings 
call of Gateway Distriparks. We have uploaded our results, press release and presentation on 
stock exchanges, as well as company website. I hope you had an opportunity to go through the 
same.  
 
The format that you find this time in Q1 2023 results, some of you might feel it is different, but 
basically after the merger, everything is now consolidated into one company, which is 
Gateway Distriparks Limited, except for a subsidiary which is Gateway Distriparks Kerala and 
an associate company Snowman.  
 
So, going forward, we will be carrying on with the same format, because there's no point in 
giving Rail, CFS, empty, both as Rail and CFS because the company is one and the purpose of 
having the companies -- I mean merging was that we have combined revenues. We have 
combined efficiencies. We have combined costs, which has come down quite a bit after our 
merger. And going forward, I mean to give you a split between Rail and CFS and empty, and I 
mean, it's one company, one cost and we cannot spread the cost over different verticals. And 
frankly, we are following the leader in this segment..  
 
So, we will be willing to answer the question where the growth is and where I mean the 
business is good and what are our plans, but please try and understand, that we will not be able 
to accommodate a request whereI mean, someone asked in the past split up of the Rail and 
CFS business, because this was not the idea when we merged the company.  
 
And the company is doing well. Last quarter, we had some hiccups in the sense that due to 
COVID situation, Chinese ports were shut down and little bit was contributed also by the war 
situation between Ukraine and Russia. But the COVID situation is now being overcome at the 
Chinese ports and now, they are now fully functional and now, we can see, the containers 
which were stuck up in the last quarter arriving in July and new contracts being made between 
the vendors and suppliers and all over. So, I mean we expect healthy growth in this Q2, with 
July has been exceptionally good.  
 
So, with that, I will pass on to the question-and-answer session to the participants. Thank you 
everyone.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go ahead.  
 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. While I understand that there is going to be limited disclosure on the 
separate businesses, just want to understand the reason for the decline in the EBITDA per TEU 
on a consol basis, if I look at it, you know, it has actually fallen to about INR4,900 per TEU 
versus INR5,200 last year and INR5,300 in the fourth quarter. Now, I would assume this is 
largely got to do with the Rail business, given that 4Q had already seen a very weak 
performance on the CFS side. So, if some more qualitative reasons for this decline? Has it been 
because of the impact of the withdrawal of the haulage charges? Has it been lower empty 
running and things like that?  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Basically, the delay in being able to pass on the haulage charges, from Indian Railways to the 
customers. So that takes about anywhere from a month to 45 days, which depends person to 
person. Apart from that, it's basically the China lockdown, So, that had some impact on 
volumes, and then just the yearly costs that increase, the increments with staff and labor and 
things like that. So that's what's led to the decline.  
 
And also, there were some one-time costs again related to the merger, which are now pretty 
much done. We had that event and there was a lot of advertisement, legal fees, merger fees. So, 
that was also still carrying forward in this quarter.  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: And Bhoomika, in addition to it, like I said, we are reporting now, the empty handling by CFS 
business also, which was not being done in the past. So, Rail was reporting laden and empty, 
and CFS was only giving a laden throughput. So, we have added the empty handled by the 
CFS business also which is a low yield. So that might impact the overall quality realization. 
But going forward, I mean these numbers, I mean, you and everyone can know like this is a 
benchmark for how we operate at various levels and since there will be some --- earlier there 
were some restrictions there due to related party transactions. Now, I mean, we are operating 
on PAN India basis, so we have cross selling between Rail and CFS businesses. So, one or the 
other is compensating giving global discounts to big users. So, this empty business, CFS and 
the revenue --- corresponding revenue has an impact on the per TEU average that you see.  
 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, would it be possible to get the impact of the delay in pass through of the higher haulage 
charges and also the one-time costs related to the mergers and the legal fees etc.  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, the one-time expenses was around anywhere INR2.5 crore to INR3 crore which has added 
up. And for the railway delays, we can't really share the exact data since we're not sharing split 
information anymore.  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: At the same time, we don't have this data readily available because different customers have 
negotiated --- some of them, I mean, right from day one, we implemented 5%. Some of them 
were at 30 days, some of them were 45 days. We'll be able to give you a consolidated whatever 
was the impact had was there in this quarter but yes, I think so we have not made that 
calculation overall. We don't have that figure ready. So, maybe we'll be able to give you, if you 
can contact the management after one or two days. 
 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sure, sir. I mean, I appreciate not sharing the segmental numbers, but if we can get some 
qualitative understanding of how empty running, double stack etcetera, and market shares have 
moved, it would be really appreciated.  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: So, just to add to it, the Rail business is doing well. The growth is there, very much there. The 
CFS business at best you can say it is stagnant or maybe I mean, if you look at it and it might 
be a negative volume, because I mean in this quarter, in Q1, we don't have Q4 Punjab Conware 
volumes in it and corresponding revenue, and at the same time Krishnapatnam port,  because 
the lines have stopped calling, say, MSC and even other lines. So, the container business in 
Krishnapatnam has gone down significantly. Significantly in the sense that, it is at best one-
third of the volume that we were having last year. So, the corresponding revenue has also come 
down in that, and going forward, unless and until the port, which is now owned by, which has 
changed hands from the earlier port operator to a new port operator and unless they and 
shipping lines agree, we don't see much volumes coming over there.  
 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
But even at these lower volumes, we are at EBITDA neutral at Krishnapatnam. So, all these 
things, I mean have contributed to, I mean muted the overall growth. But Rail definitely is the 
fore runner and Rail volumes are high and Rail revenues also high and going forward, it will 
remain the same, or even the Rail might have a more, much higher revenue and throughput, 
because we are going to expand and I mean we have been saying that for very long, but you 
will hear very soon about our new terminals, whenever they are coming up. It won't be long. 
We will announce that early.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Shah from Capital PMS. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Jay Shah: 
Hi. Congratulations for a good set of numbers, to the management. I just want to know sir, 
now that we have consolidated everything, all the entities, now going ahead, can you just 
throw some light on what's the growth plan like for the company for the next two years? 
Maybe for the next two years? Three years? Because we've even seen turnaround in Snowman 
numbers and things are picking up there. But for especially the Gateway entity now, what does 
the growth plan look like?  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes. So, we've shared this in the past also. We have plans and its in our investor presentation 
also that we will come up with two new railing terminals, two new ICDs in the north. So, we're 
working on that and we'll be announcing those soon once we have concrete plans in place. And 
the CapEx, earlier, we were giving an indication of INR200 crore over the next two years, but 
now we're revising that to INR250 crore as we will also be expanding within our own facilities 
by adding more capacity and more warehouses, and other than that, you know all the 
equipment and trailers that are needed for it.  
 
So, the growth will only be coming from the rail segment. As mentioned, the CFS segment 
will stay where it is. We won't be expanding further into that except for you know, just 
replacement of vehicles and maybe minor warehousing capacity. So that's the general plan 
going forward.  
 
Jay Shah: 
Okay. So basically, you are saying the rail sector will now be the one leading the company? 
 
Ishaan Gupta: 
Yes. 
 
Jay Shah: 
Then what are the kind of the tailwinds that you're seeing? I mean, and the kind of inquiries 
and the demands that you're seeing from the companies for Rail transport viz-a-viz road? Is it 
picking up quarter-on-quarter or month-and-month? 
 
Ishaan Gupta: 
Yes. I missed the first word before inquiries what you said, but we are seeing a shift from road 
to rail, especially with the DFC, as more and more of it gets commissioned. People are valuing 
the faster turnaround time. So, when the DFC comes, we should see even more shift. And over 
the last two years, I'd say it's made good strides in this.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from JM Financials. Please go ahead.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was just on, the 
first on the CapEx. Sorry, I didn't understand. You said INR250 crore for the two rail 
terminals. Have I understood it right? Is this only for the rail terminals we're talking about, 
INR250 crore? So, my question was, with respect to the CapEx, you mentioned that the CapEx 
number you're revising it to INR250 crore. Is that only for the rail terminals you're talking 
about? And can you help us understand what is the timeline we will be looking at and what is 
the current status? Has the land been identified, acquired and if you could elaborate a little bit 
on the location? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, INR250 crore is for all CapEx going forward. This is warehouses, equipment, and both 
ICDs. And this is only primarily for the rail business. I mean, out of the INR250 crore, maybe 
INR10 crore or INR15 crore will be required for the CFS business. Timeline wise, this is the 
CapEx for the next two years that we've set. And we're in the middle of identifying --- we have 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
identified the land so we're just looking out to finalize it and hopefully, we should be able to 
close it within the next quarter. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
And these will be on the DFC route or they are the satellite terminals, as we earlier indicated? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: It will be DFC as well as I mean on our hub and spoke model. So, I mean, everything cannot 
be on DFC. So, Northern hinterland is so vast and where I mean the volumes is there or 
business is there. So, it will be on DFC, as well as other parts of the hinterland.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And you also mentioned that there will be equipment or capacity enhancement in 
the existing locations as well for the ICDs. Can you elaborate a bit on that? Which location and 
what extent the expansion are we looking at?  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Yes. We have four ICDs now. Two in NCR, ICD Garhi and ICD Faridabad and then we have 
one in northern part, which is ICD Ludhiana. And then we have one in Viramgam. So, all these 
places where we have landbank and we have the ecosystem and infrastructure to serve existing 
volume plus another say 25% to 30% volumes. So as and when the volumes grow, our present 
volume, I mean, in NCR would be about 250,000 TEUs or something like that. And including 
Ludhiana, I think we are close to 25,000 or even more, on the 25,000 TEUs you can say.  
 
So, our capacity, as I said, the ecosystem is there, the locations are there and any increase 
because of the volumes going up, both on the trade, as well as containerization from volume to 
containers and the market share, we can go up to easily four times this volume. 1.2 million 
TEUs is the minimum CapEx. So, that is where we are allocating some funds to have the 
equipment, the area has some additional warehouse, but the land bank is good enough to take 
care of that. So, the CapEx on that will be very small, but the main CapEx will be on the two 
main terminals where we are working on it and we will be on finalizing soon.  
 
And those are the ones where the main CapEx will go. And ultimately, I mean, when new 
terminals come up, I mean everything has to be done according to our standard because 
Gateway Distriparks right from the beginning has different standards of quality of 
construction, quality of services and that means the cost and also the IT system, which is 
required for our customer interface and even with the further shipping lines.  
 
So, mainly our investments are going in that direction and INR250 crore is on a conservative 
way that we have reported now, it might be even higher. 
 
Achal Lohade: 
And the timeline for this? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Timeline for this, Samvid said two years, but I'm quite hopeful that in the next 12 months to 18 
months, we'll be spending this money. Even earlier. Achal, I can I mean, just to answer your 
question, we are looking for some land acquisition. We are looking for existing better 
acquisition, which are now available quite a lot. There's a distress in some of the rail operators 
who are not able to run properly or they're at a standstill. So, there are acquisition proposals, 
and which if it happens, I mean, it can happen in four weeks or eight weeks also.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry, I'm bit confused. So, are you talking about these two terminals could be through 
acquisition or could be Greenfield? Is that understanding, right?  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: No. These two terminals, one will be acquisition, one will be Greenfield, and there are other 
opportunities also, which are there in the system in container train operators. I mean, there are 
so many operators and not everyone is running well or so they want to exit this business. And 
we'll look at it. I mean, we will judiciously take a call. I mean, whether that location and that 
business is worth taking over or not?  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And second question was with respect to synergy, you said now, it's fully integrated, 
possible to now talk about what kind of synergies can we expect in terms of quantification? On 
a quarterly basis or a full yearly basis, what kind of savings or incremental profits we can look 
at just purely from the synergy perspective? 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Yes savings are coming in, I mean, month by month, because, I mean, there's a lean 
organization, there is a --- as I said there is a product which we sell, which is PAN India basis, 
where I mean, the two companies which were operating separately, now, the company has 
locations all over India, including hinterland and the port town. So, those synergies are coming 
in and we are having some dealings with the customers and dealers and even bulk users or 
shipping lines. So, I mean those opportunities are coming and it will keep on coming.  
 
We have, I mean, if you look at it, right now, we have nine locations and we are going to 
expand to 11. And then our footprint is going to be expanded. And right now, we are not into 
domestic and we don't want to go into domestic business right now. But as and when, we have 
got transit time, transit time is improved, we will definitely go into a domestic business also, 
but that's a long call. So, our focused way is hinterland of ICD rail. Our focus is on 
consolidating the CFS business by --- everyone knows that we had given up, we sold Chandra 
CFS two years back. We gave up Punjab Conware last quarter, that is Q4.  
 
So, some of our volumes that you see in the combined statement, that also reflects the volume 
which were available for us in Punjab Conware but our other CFS in Nhava Sheva which we 
own, see, is going up. The volumes are going up and so, all these matters, you know, when you 
if there was a loss making unit, there was a second loss making and then there's another loss 
making or not even a loss making a break even with Krishnapatnam I mentioned. So, we will 
be concentrating on the rail business in the hinterland and at the end of the day, we will be only 
keeping those locations which are profitable in the CFS business. And that is our principle 
going forward. 
Achal Lohade: 
Just last question, if I may, sir, with respect to the debt, can you help us understand the reason 
for increasing the debt and how do you see it given the CapEx we are looking at and the 
acquisition we are looking at? This INR250 crore, sir, is it excluding the acquisition or 
including the acquisition? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: So, there is nothing spend on acquisition. We have spent some amount on the CapEx for the 
land acquisition, which I mentioned. We have also had some CapEx, ongoing CapEx on the 
paving of the yards and the equipment. The reason why the debt from Q4 to Q1 has gone up, 
because we declared a dividend in April. So that was INR62 crore. So, and then at the end of 
the year, the variables and other employee costs were being paid up. That also comes up in the 
cash flow. So, it was already accounted for or provisions were made. So, there's nothing in the 
P&L account, it is only cash flow matter where I mean, there was a big expense in Q1 of this 
year, but going forward that expense will not be there.   
 
Samvid Gupta: 
The debt levels, you know, overall net debt levels will remain within say one is to one 
EBITDA is what we're targeting. So, we're not going to over leverage ourselves for these new 
terminals and everything.  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: In fact, we are below one to one. So, like I said, Q1 saw some exceptional, not exceptional, I 
would say, it was provided for, but it was paid in this quarter, like the dividend I said and 
employee benefit. So, which include the variable pay and some bonuses and directors’ 
commission and everything, which is not going to be there for the next three quarters. So, all 
these will help us in the cash flows and those cash flows are going to be utilized to reduce the 
debt and fund our new acquisition because these INR200-250 crore, 50% will be coming from 
new cash accruals, 50% would be new debt, but at the same time the old debt will be retired by 
that time.  
 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And with respect to, since now, CFS and rail volumes are combined, we don't have a 
break up, does that mean that overall aggregate volume growth could be 5%, 6%. And how do 
we look at the margin side, the consolidated level? Do we see a substantial improvement from 
here on over the next couple of years, or you think it will be more gradual improvement? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, this volume is without any addition of capacity or you know, the new terminals that we're 
talking about. So yes, I'd say that's about fair assessment, say, 6%, 7%, we can look at for 
growth in volume. EBITDA per TEU right now, it's between INR5,000 to INR5,100. It will 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
change a bit, but yes, it will improve going forward. As we increase our volume, this will 
improve as well.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead,sir. 
 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Yes. Good evening, and thank you for the opportunity. Just couple of questions from my side. 
First on the DFC side. So you have mentioned that the progress is ongoing. Can you can give 
some color on you know, what is the current status and what are the further opportunities with 
respect to operating leverage, which will drive margin expansion because of DFC? If you can 
highlight on that front? 
 
Sachin Bhanushali: 
Sachin, here. Krupashankar, this is Sachin.  If you look at classical operating leverage, this 
business does not have classical operating leverage, because we have a high fixed cost high 
variable cost business model as far as the Rail business is concerned. So, the essential 
advantage of dedicated freight corridor comes in three ways out of which two aspects are 
available to us. Dedicated freight corridor run, heavier trains, faster trains and longer trains. 
Longer trains is an advantage which is available only to Indian railways, because then unit cost 
of operation of a train gets reduced, that benefit is not passed on to rail operator.  
 
As far as heavier trains and faster trains are concerned turnaround improves. So, productivity 
per train improves on account of that. This also results into regularity or frequency of service 
that attracts more customer. So, the addressable market increases on account of that. And 
because of the heavier trains it is possible to do higher double stacking which is basically a 
cost saving benefit which accrues to the company.  
 
So, these two things will continue to intensify. So currently, let's say dedicated freight corridor 
with 23 tons of axle load per wagon and so, roughly let us say about 81 tons of gross load and 
payload of about 68 tons is able to give us a certain level of cost savings on account of double 
stacking. This will intensify further once we get the new type of wagon which is 25-ton axle 
load wagon which can run at 100 kilometers per hour. Currently a 25-tons axle load wagon is 
allowed to run 100 kilometers per hour only on DFC. The rest of the Indian railway network it 
is allowed to carry 23 tons, not full 25 tons and is allowed to travel at 65 kilometers per hour. 
Once these constraints fall off, and 25 tons axle load on the entire network on the feeder 
network as well as on a dedicated freight corridor network becomes available, the advantage 
will further intensify  
 
So, this is not exactly the classical operating leverage, but the true operating leverage in the 
transportation business will arise out of this and the margin expansion will take place on 
account of this. Currently, we are at about INR5,100 --- INR5,086 to be precise as per our 
EBITDA per TEU is concerned and the margin would be to take it closer to INR5,500.  
 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Understood, sir. So, what would be the current status,  as in what is lacking behind on the --- 
given that the existing connectivity to Mundra and Pipavav is already completed. So, what can 
--- and given that northern hinterland volumes predominately go to these two ports? What can 
come in incrementally? This is my question. On these two ports at least. 
 
Sachin Bhanushali:  
Okay. So, the mechanism of attracting more volumes is by way of organic growth as well as 
modal shift, and the organic growth primarily is driven by the economy rather than by 
transportation because transportation comprises a very small part of the overall scheme of 
things or let's say cost element. Unless Indian products are attractive internationally, Indian 
exports will not increase which is what started happening since last year, when you must have 
noticed the growth that we have had as far as merchandise export out of India is concerned. 
This trend will continue and that will result into additional business coming to the overall 
basket, and within that basket on account of dedicated freight corridor, the rail product has 
become significantly superior to the road product, resulting into business moving out of 
Mundra port and Pipavav port, particularly, Mundra Port CFS and then getting converted to 
road in import direction as well as an export direction, cargo going to Mundra port CFS by 
road and then getting converted into containerization, over a period of time will shift into ICD. 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
We can very clearly see this trend. It is evident in the numbers that we are posting as well, that 
overall volumes are intensifying as far as ICD business is concerned.  
 
This is something which is going to grow over a period of time and it is good performance, 
good service delivery by rail sector will result into intensification of volume. Intensification of 
volume will result into shift of volume from pure road only to rail, road and rail, that is a 
multi-modal. And this is what is likely to play out over a period of next three to five years. 
Currently let us say we are operational from Ateli to Karjoda which is let's say regarding the 
Palanpur section, not fully operational, but more or less I think we are there. We are also likely 
to reach to Mehsana and to Makarpura which is Baroda, by end of the current financial year. 
And once we reached Nhava Sheva cluster, then overall advantage I think will be available to 
Nhava Sheva cluster of terminals as well. And then it will not be a benefit which will be 
available only to Mundra port and Pipavav port, but it is at least a couple of years away.  
 
So, it's going to be a complex play. We quite certain that this is going to result into volume 
growth as well as margin expansion.  
 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Understood. Understood. And given that, the CapEx outlay mostly talks more on the terminal 
addition and not on the rake edition, are you factoring in only existing rakes turnaround time 
improvement to drive incremental capacities? Is that how we should look at it or perhaps there 
might be a CapEx at a later date on rake side? 
 
Sachin Bhanushali: 
We already seen --- Krupashankar, we have already seen that happening. In fact, you must 
have seen that over a period of last four years, we have not added a single train set to our total 
fleet. And our utilization has gone up from somewhere around 18,000 TEUs on a fleet of 31 
train sets to 25,000 average. In fact, in the month of July, we're likely to see much better than 
that, and this intensification will continue. But the fact still remains that we need to increase 
our fleet and we are working towards that. Going forward, we will increase our fleet size in 
order to address deeper markets. New terminals which will come up will also result in to new 
services being operated by us. And we are planning to add 9 to 10 train sets to our existing 
fleet of 31 trains. But the initial plan will be to entirely go in for high-capacity, high speed 
trains by lease route because it doesn't make any sense currently, to appropriate the capital 
which is available with us to rail side capacity. It makes much more sense to put it into 
development of terminals. And that's what gives you let's say a strong hold in the market in 
terms of deeper penetration, as well as addressing higher volume of containerized traffic in 
EXIM business.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yash Tanna from ithought BMS. Please go ahead.  
 
Yash Tanna: 
Yes. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to ask, could I have the ICD wise 
capacity utilization data for the rail terminal? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes, sorry, it was on mute. So, unfortunately, we're not sharing ICD WISE data. So as a 
general rule of the overall ICD business, we have landbank enough to take it four times to our 
current volume. Based on the existing capacity we utilizing are 50%, roughly 50% to 60%. 
 
Yash Tanna: 
So this is a combined? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, yeah. Basically, we can double our throughput on the existing capacity. And we can make 
it four times throughput with incremental CapEx on the existing landbank of our ICDs.  
 
Yash Tanna: 
Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And also, like qualitatively, can you highlight on which ICD 
terminals might be on a very high utilization. So, we need to expand that. As you said, we're 
expanding the current ICDs as well.  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes. So, Garhi is our flagship terminal and that's where the major volume will be coming, and 
since that's a hub also, we would need extra capacity over there to handle more containers as it 
is a hub in the north and all containers will go  from there to the west.  
 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Yash Tanna: 
Got it. So Garhi is installed capacity is 2.5 lakh TEUs, right? And we can go up to 4x with 
some capex? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Two questions from my side. You talked about the EBITDA margin decline that we've seen on 
a year-on-year basis. I have two questions. The first question is on the EBITDA margins. So, 
we see a decline of those 250 basis points on a year-on-year basis, and that is despite I mean, 
the throughput growth at the consolidated level and the total income growth seems to be of a 
similar magnitude close to 4% to 5%. So, what is leading to this EBITDA margin decline? If 
you could break that EBITDA margin decline into gross margin and the other expenses and 
talk a bit about the pressures there?  
 
The second question is on the tax rate. So, there have been some tax adjustment it appears, tax 
write back which is leading to higher profit growth, although the performance at PBT level is a 
lot lower. So, could you speak about the full year tax rate and what exactly has gone in to be 
your taxes in this quarter?  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: See, the decline in EBITDA which you are talking, even the combined volumes and 
throughput and since we are adding the empty handling at CFS level, so, volumes are higher 
and I mean, these are reflecting in the volumes. So, going forward, you will see that this is one-
time CFS empty then also, one-time merger cost and also the increased IHC which we could 
not pass on to the customer, because there's always a lead time giving a notice to the customers 
which varies from 30 to 60 days. So, we have been able to --- this rollback by the railways and 
5% discount was in on 30th of April. So, during the month of June, we have been able to get 
back some revenues which are going to the bottom line and also at the same time you know, 
something will come in July also which is q2.  
 
So, going forward, you will see that these comparisons will be a very fair comparison between 
the overall volume and overall revenue and EBITDA margin and EBITDA and net PBT and 
everything you will see a change in the H1. So, why we are not giving these item wise rail 
vertical or rail location wise and the CFS location wise is because it is very sensitive to give 
this information and the idea of merger was to have one company, one financials. I mean if one 
company has to divide into different verticals because we might go into some other activity 
now, which is warehousing, which is in big demand, which will be in our ICDs, which will be 
in our CFS. We are expanding the warehousing over there, but the customers are asking for 
warehousing outside the CFS or ICD. And where I mean, the one use will be linked to the 
service that we provide with the warehouse and even, going to extended service levels, scope 
of services. So, I think the EBITDA this quarter, I mean, you can see what it is. And to be fair, 
the comparison will be in next quarter. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, what is the one-off element in this quarter, which is depressing your EBITDA? I mean, 
what is the quantum if we were to look at it just to the EBITDA numbers? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
Say, it's about INR2.5 crore. These are basically legal fees, merger expenses and all. 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: See, these one-time cannot be quantified, whether it was on the merger or whether it was on 
CFS.. So, as I said earlier, it will be a fair thing to compare our Q1 results in Q2, where I 
mean, every parameter will be tested.   
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. So, just one comment here if you're not going to share any segmental information on 
CFS, ICD, at least provide some color on transportation income or storage income or 
something of that sort that gives more color into what the company has achieved in a certain 
quarter? Otherwise, we're just looking at some headline numbers and trying to understand your 
commentary, which frankly, is not making as much sense as it used to? 
 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: No, then I'm sorry to say that then you are not understanding the process of the merger which 
has taken place over the last two years or you have not been following the company because 
we cannot give you a segment wise what is happening; similarly we cannot give you the cost 
of the management. We were having overheads at each and every location, in each and every 
vertical. What we are planning to do and what we are going to achieve, it is for everyone to 
see. What we are talking about is our Q1 results, what are the differences in the Q1 because of 
the merger cost, because of the RST by Indian railways, because of the CFS emptything and 
more than that, I mean, we cannot do you on color on what will be the --- it will be forward-
looking statements that we are saying that look at this quarter, this has happened. But it will 
not happen in Q2. It will not happen in Q3. So, I mean to be fair to us also, I mean, these 
questions should be limited to what exactly we are doing and what exactly has happened and if 
you have followed the company for the last couple of years when the merger process was 
announced, you should be able to analyze what is there.  
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes. So, would it be be fair to expect going forward some color on --- so, I understand there is 
a Rail ICD and CFS stream underlying. So, there is an element of transportation income and 
there is an element of associated with whatever handling you do of the container at the ICDs. 
So, or some other handling income at the CSF if at all. So, would you sort of break it up into 
this handling and transportation income, so that we get some more color? 
 
Ishaan Gupta: 
Hi, Sumit. Ishaan here. So even in the past, our breakup of revenue when which we collect 
from customers varies based on location, based on activity which we perform. And it's not a 
segment which we track in the financials, because these are consolidated agreements that we 
have with people for carrying out a number of activities. So that's why we don't build in that 
sense that handling is separate, transport thing is separate, and warehousing is separate always. 
It depends from customer to customer. The way that you should be looking at it as how we 
also look at it as promoters, is the volumes that we are doing, how much growth that we are 
seeing in each of our locations, each of our geographies which we operate in. That's what we 
are worried about.  
 
Import and Export, EXIM is what we are looking at and not domestic. And it's end-to-end 
pricing for the customers.  
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks Ishaan for sharing that. My last question is on the tax treatment which has happened in 
this quarter and what kind of tax rates will be taken for the rest of the year.   
 
Sandeep Shaw: 
Yes. Sumit, Sandeep here. The tax rate which we have taken for this quarter is MAT, that is 
17.47%. And the current tax, which you'll see in our financials are 9.14% according to the 
MAT tax rate for the current quarter and there is some reversal of deferred tax liability of 
INR13.27 crore. And that's why overall tax expense is coming INR4 crore negative. And for 
the full year, we will keep on paying MAT for the full year, for this year, i.e. 17.47%.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citi. Please go ahead. 
 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes. Sir, just would like to get some sense from you about the transit times on DFC through 
Mundra Port and Pipava Port as of now? And how does it compare with when the first leg was 
not commissioned? That is one part and are you seeing some kind of shift from Rails to road, 
Road to Rail already or that is yet to start? 
 
Sachin Bhanushali: 
So, the pre-DFC turnaround time or one-way transit time used to be on the order of about a 
mean of about 60 hours with maximum can be anywhere between 100 hours to sometimes 
even worse than that. But our average transit time in export direction has now settled 
somewhere around 35 hours for Mundra port, about 42 hours for Pipava port, and is roughly 
about 40 hours as far as Nhava Sheva is concerned. This is the mean time. There are cases in 
which, there are a large number of cases where the transit time is in fact coming down. We 
have had our best ever time of 27 hours as far as export movement is concerned. Import 
direction the numbers are still a little on the higher side, roughly about two to three hours more 
than the export direction. But as we get advantage of the feeder routes between Mundra port 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
and Palanpur and as well as Pipavav poet and Viramgam getting converted into DFC standard 
route, this is likely to come down and settle somewhere around 24 hours in either direction.  
 
Then Nhava Sheva benefit will come when Sanand, Makarpura, Sanand-Vadodra Nhava Sheva 
link of the dedicated freight corridor which is phase two and phase three will get 
commissioned. That is the time when we will also see Nhava Sheva transit times somewhere 
around 24 to 28 hours. There has been a significant drop in the overall transit time that has 
resulted into volumetric growth for the ICD business, and within the ICD business, our growth 
has been much more spectacular as compared to other operators, who either are not necessarily 
directly serving on the dedicated freight corridor or do not have the network effect which we 
have on account of having multiple terminals being operated through a hub called Garhi 
Harsaru.  
 
As mentioned earlier on the call, our intensification of our penetration in the market is going to 
be by way of development of satellite terminals and maybe a couple of terminals which are 
closer to the dedicated freight corridor. This benefit is further likely to intensify. So this is 
basically the overall operating strategy that you address more and more market, closer to the 
market, go into areas where it is either un-serviced or under serviced, pick up business from 
there, bring it to a hub, transport it on heavy duty high speed trains between hub to hub or hub 
to port and contain your unit cost of production to such a level that you're able to generate 
margins which are better than the industry margin. The price will continue to be determined by 
the play of demand and supply.  
 
So whatever price discovery takes place on the street, vis-a-vis that if you're able to manage 
your cost metrics well, then you will be able to make money at the same time provide quality 
of service. So, this mantra I think we have been able to deliver in the past and we'll continue to 
work further going forward as well.  
 
And modal shift, which was evident during the initial commissioning of dedicated freight 
corridor whether it was half of it when it got commissioned in January 2021 or full 
commissioning, which has taken place somewhere around April, May 2022 will further 
intensify. If I think the numbers are going to speak for themselves going forward.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. And I hope I'm audible. Just query on the, now the merger 
is through, and we are seeing a change in the reporting structure also, at least to the analysts, 
but in terms of executive structure, how is the executive restructure? I mean, is it still sort of 
separate leadership, looking at Rails and CFS as a separate business? Or is it merged structure 
at the top?  
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Yes. We are still in the process, and most of the management team has merged. So, I don't 
understand what are you talking about the merged management or… Obviously, the Rail 
business has a different set of people and CFS has different set of people. But earlier, like 
when we're having two CFOs, or two different salespeople, and so it’s very lean organization 
now. And it has definitely resulted in the costs that we have been able to achieve over a period 
of the last 12 months. And when the merger was announced in December, when we got the 
permission from the NCLT, and by the time now that we are speaking, it is still an ongoing 
process, and definitely it will be a single lean team, where I mean, there will be no duplication 
of work.  
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Yes. And just to understand in terms of in terms of business or MIS or data capture, do each of 
these terminals, be it CFS, ICDs, they maintain their own P&L or there is a centralized or the 
business-wise P&L is somewhere else? I mean, that category, would be somewhere else?  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, each location has to maintain its own profitability, otherwise, we won't know what we're 
doing. So, I think it's quite obvious that would be maintained, and then it's all centralized, and 
we give the consolidated number out.  
 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Okay. And the volumes that you report is essentially addition of the volumes that each terminal 
is handling, right? I mean, that's the way to look at it? I mean, be it CFS or ICD? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Look, I mean, let me be very clear that the lean and single organization is there. And this is an 
internal process where we watch each and every location, not vertical, whether it is CFS or 
ICD or warehousing or any other. I mean, we have associate company also, Snowman. There 
also, I mean, GDL Board is involved in it. We have a 60% ownership in Gateway Kerala, 
where I mean we are fully involved into the running of and the reporting on the numbers and 
the profitability. So, if you ask us, how much one person is getting paid off? And these is not 
necessary information.  
 
I mean, I think, since this is the first quarter that we are making a big change, you're having all 
these questions, but I mean, you I'm sure you're watching or covering other companies also. 
Gateway Distriparks is one company and it will continue to be one company and the expansion 
there, whether we acquire something or whether we develop a new thing, it will be GDL, one 
consolidated Company, one Board, and one management. And please don't go into the nitty 
gritty of, I mean, how we handle the people, how we handle the customers. It is an internal 
process, and we have a business which we have to conduct and you should be happy that we 
are conducting this business in a positive manner and the growth chart, I mean, I don't want to 
project it right now, but definitely we are on a high growth path.  
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Sure. That's helpful. The other question which I had is that in terms of acquisition, you said 
that the possibilities of acquisitions are there. So, which catchment areas are you looking at? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: It will be in the northern hinterland, because I mean, the Rail business is profitable only if it is 
more than 500 kilometers from the port. So, we have one or two locations in mind which are 
less than 500 kilometers from the ports. But we will be working on a hub and spoke model 
where I mean, each and every location on its own has their own volumes and they give us the 
profitability to the company.  
 
 Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Riya from Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Riya Mehta: 
I just wanted to know when will DFC be fully commissioned and what kind of incremental 
volume growth are we seeing from there? And second question will be in regards to the overall 
charges which we are not [Technical Issues]. My first question was in regards to the DFC 
which is getting commissioned. So, what kind of incremental volume do we look at from that 
aspect? 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: We are already having incremental volumes on the DFC and as and when, I mean, there was 
some section maybe you know, last week when some section had been tried, so that will add 
another 100 kilometers. So, each and every section gives us an improved turnaround time and 
that helps in getting the business shifted from road to rail.  
 
And the other thing is that our locations are I mean, we took a call early and our locations are 
much better than a lot of other locations which our peers have. So, I think incremental volume 
is coming every month, every quarter and by the increase in the total DFC corridor, which 
Sachin just mentioned will be completed by end of this financial year, Pipavav and Mundra , 
but Nhava Sheva will take time, maybe another year from the completion of these two sectors. 
So, DFC is definitely helping us in increasing our volumes. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay in terms of percentage, could you help us, like what would be the incremental throughput 
coming from there? 
 
Sachin Bhanushali: 
So, the growth in the overall market on account of DFC is currently pegged somewhere around 
12.5% But the overall intensification and that is, that includes both movement from the modal 
shift from road by CFS to ICD by rail. This includes some element of organic growth and 
some element of a modal shift. The expectation is that it should be in higher teens. But I think 
it will take some time for that to happen until the dedicated freight corridor reaches Nhava 
Sheva, which is a much richer, I would say container environment in India, multimodal 

 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
environment in India as compared to only the Gujarat port, because Gujarat port also have to 
compete with the Kandla port environment for bulk cargo transportation. So, once it reaches 
Nhava Sheva, it will get further intensified. I won’t be surprised if we have modal shift, as well 
as the organic growth in this sector, upwards of 20%. But it is going to be, it going to unfold 
over a period of next three to five years. We'll have to wait for that. And we are working 
towards it as far as our operating strategy is concerned, which is just now mentioned in one of 
my answers to an earlier question.  
 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. I think that is very nicely summarized by you. And currently we, as you mentioned that 
we are at 50% of the capacity of our ICD business. So, going forward in the next one year 
perspective, not from a long-term perspective, what kind of capacity utilization are we looking 
at?  
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, if you go to the investor presentation, we have the installed and design capacity over the 
years. So, we're currently at 50%. And with the volume growth that we've given on this call, 
you can kind of assume where we will be exactly.  
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. 5% to 7%, 6% to 7% is your volume-wise for the next year, right? 
 
Ishaan Gupta: 
That's for the company as a whole.  
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And for ICD business specifically? 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
We are again not splitting between CFS and ICD. So, we're just giving a throughput for the 
whole company now.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today. Participants 
have missed out due to time constraints, they can reach out to the management and SGA. On 
behalf of Gateway Distriparks Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You can now disconnect your lines.   
 
 
