RegdOffice 8< Works SailaKhurd 144 529 Distt Hoshiarpur Punjab
Corp Office W1A FF Tower A Godrej Eternia Plot 70 Indl Area 1 Chandigarh 160002
CIN• L21012PB1997PLC035243
kuantummill@kuantumpapers.com
kuantumcorp@kuantumpapers.com
wWw.kuantumpapers.com
For Kuantum Papers Ltd
This for your information and record.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:
yvv/vv.kuanhunpapers.com
Pursuant to Regulation 30 & 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Earnings
Conference Call conducted on 2nd August, 2022 to discuss QI-FY23 earnings. It is hereby
confirmed that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the call.
Dear SirlMadam,
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Sub: Transcript of 01- FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Kuantum Papers Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza
Plot No. CIl, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East)
Mumbai 400 051
Trading Symbol: KUANTUM
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai 400 001
Scrip Code: 532937
Scrip ID: KUANTUM
KPLISEs
06.08.2022
Kuantum
KuantumPapersLtd
mePaperAlakers
___

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
Page 1 of 25 
Kuantum Papers Ltd 
Earnings Conference Call  
August 02, 2022 
 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kuantum Papers 
Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Anuj Sonpal: 
 Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you 
all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the 
Investor relations of Kuantum Papers Limited On behalf of the 
company; I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company’s earnings conference call for the first quarter of financial 
year 2023. Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today’s conference call 
maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to 
differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management’s belief as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward looking statements in 
making any investment decisions.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. Now let me introduce you to the management 
participating with us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them 
for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Pavan Khaitan , Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Roshan Garg, Chief Financial 
Officer and without any further delay let me request Mr. Pavan 
Khaitan  to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Thank you Anuj. A good afternoon to everyone and a very warm 
welcome to you all for this first ever earnings conference call to discuss 
the results and the business updates for the first quarter of the financial 
year 2023. I hope you and your families are all staying safe and doing 
well.  Fortunately, the past few months have been seen a dramatic 
reduction in severity of the pandemic, and there has been a strong 
progress in vaccinations across the country. Even the Economics and 
Business 
environment 
has 
improved 
dramatically 
and 
substantially. First, let me start by giving you a brief about a 
company for those of you who may be new to us. Kuantum paper 
started in 1980 and a manufacturing facility is located in Hoshiarpur in 
the state of Punjab. Our production capacity currently stands at 
1,64,250 metric tons per annum. In our manufacturing facility, we are 
strategically utilizing agro residues like wheat straw, sarkanda and 
bagasse along with a variety of wood materials like wood logs, 
woodchips and bamboo to make high quality, superior grades of 
writing and printing paper. We produce a variety of papers like 
maplitho, creamwove, copier and also value added specialty 
papers. Recently we've also started making carrybag paper and cup 
stock base paper which is seeing a huge demand in the markets, 
especially in the pandemic and post pandemic scenario. We've 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
completed our Backward Integration project in March of 2021 to 
optimize our production costs, improve our capacities by almost 20% 
and further enhance the quality of our paper. The project involved 
enhancing our wood pulping facility, setting up of a caustic soda 
recovery plant and a captive Co-gen power plant. Post this upgradation 
our total pulping capacity stands at 380 tons per day, combining both 
agro and wood based pulp. Our paper machines are capable of 
producing 450 tons per day. We have added a new chemical recovery 
plant of 500 tons solid per day and the total capacity stands at 700 solid 
tons per day of processing. This plant is capable of recovering 95% of 
the costly chemical caustic soda that we use and reuse in our pulping 
process. Our Co-gen power plant has been upgraded with a new high 
pressure CFBC boiler and new generation turbines. Now coming to the 
quarter under the review. We are happy to report that over the two 
years of volatile business environment and demand disruption of the 
paper sector caused by the COVID pandemic, the start of this financial 
year has been excellent and I can comfortably say that demand wise 
we are in fact at a better position than the pre COVID era. 
Unfortunately, there are still some macro hurdles at play like inflation, 
supply chain challenges, but despite these, the company has reported 
an exceptional quarter across all financial parameters with the backing 
of a strong order book giving us the confidence of a good financial year 
ahead. Now let me hand it over to Mr. Roshan Garg, our CFO to give 
details of the quarterly financial performance.  
Roshan Garg: 
Good afternoon everyone. I would like to brief you on the financial 
performance of the first quarter of the financial year 2023. The income 
from operations grew by 86% year on year to Rupees 275 crores. The 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 292% on year on year basis to 61 crores 
with EBITDA margin of 22.17%. And net profit after normal tax stood at 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
around rupees 25 crores, which grew by 547%, year on year with PAT 
margin of around 9%.  
 
The strong revenue growth was on the result of higher production and 
sales volume and all time high sales realizations. Our EBITDA margins 
improved significantly despite rising raw material and production costs, 
mainly due to cost benefits of the backward integration projects being 
completely realized and adding to the bottom line.  
 
Let me also explain you about the exceptional item reported in this 
quarter earnings. The Government of India in September 2019, vide the 
taxation Laws Ordinance 2019 had provided domestic companies an 
option to pay income tax at reduced rate of tax effective from April 1, 
2019 subject to compliance with certain conditions. The conditions 
mainly were that MAT credit if any will not be allowed to carry forward 
and deductions if any being claimed by the companies will also not be 
allowed to take benefit. So at that time the company has MAT credit of 
around 37 crores lying with it for set off, and the company was also 
availing deductions like section 80 IA for its plant projects, the 
deduction, was available till March 22. So the company was also about 
to complete its backward integration projects by June 2020 and it was 
expecting healthy bottom line from these projects and the company 
was confident that the company will be able to set-off this MAT 
credit from the profits of these projects, however, the pandemic came 
and the operations were disrupted. And for two years I mean for 2020-
21 the company has a loss and for 2021-22 is the normal profit so that 
forced us to look at whether we should continue under the old tax 
regime or we should switch over to the new tax regime. So with the 
quick turnaround in the industry and the operations. And the company 
reevaluated the new provision and its impact and decided to opt new 
tax regime which will be more beneficial to the company since the 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
company has brought forward depreciation from the projects 
completed in March 21 and as per the current situation, the company 
will not be required to pay tax in the next two years, henceforth the 
company will be able to save around 50 crores plus on account MAT 
had the company continued under the old tax regime. So the tax 
expense for the quarter has been considered at the reduced tax rate 
and the company has written off the MAT credit of about 247 crores 
and has also re measured its existing net deferred tax liabilities, which 
is resulting increase of rupees 16 Crores. However, these 16 crores are 
I think is non cash item and does not have any impact on the cash flow 
of the company. The impact of this change on the asset and liability 
aggregating to rupees 63 crores has been recognized in profit and 
loss account has been exceptional item in this quarter, however this 
has no impact on the operational profits and the company expects that 
opting for the new tax regime would result in positive cash flows in the 
future.  
 
I now hand back the call to our vice Chairman and MD Mr. Pavan 
Khaitan.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So investors you may be aware from 1st July 22 onwards the Central 
Government decision to put a complete ban on single use plastic 
products is a shot in the arm for the paper industry as paper is the most 
viable and sustainable alternative to plastic. Going ahead, you will see 
a surge in demand for specialty paper, due to this welcome move by 
the government and it can benefit us immensely. Kuantum has already 
developed new products to cater to this demand, like straw base paper, 
cup stock with a bio Coating instead of a PE coating, carrybag paper and 
food packaging paper including biscuit wrapping, which is going to be a 
huge demand. We're also looking at OGR, oil and grease resistant proof 
paper, release paper and oxygen and moisture resistant papers for 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
food packaging purposes. In addition to this, the implementation of the 
National Education Policy is expected to further provide a big boost 
with industry, especially players in the writing and printing paper 
segment. In conclusion, we are happy to start this year on a strong 
footing and with a strong demand outlook and healthy order books, 
backward integration projects completed and with an improved 
product mix, we are optimistic of a future growth outlook. With this we 
can now open the floor for question and answer session. Thank you 
very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Dalpat B Mehta from Suncity Advisors. 
Please go ahead Sir.  
Dalpat B Mehta: 
Good Morning sir, Congratulation for good set of number, I have 3 
queries. First I would like to know what capacity utilization company 
expect for the remaining quarter of this year, second one is that you 
have written off due to this new tax regime some 63 crores as 
exceptional items and that will not have any impact on cash flow of the 
company. But can you tell me how much benefit company is going to 
have on this account in the coming future, within this year or the next 
2-5 years, the third one, and the most important is the company has 
already set-up a pre commercial plant titled as Cellulosic Ethanol Pilot 
Plant. What benefits are likely to accrue from this? And when it will 
have a revenue accretive impact in the company's balance sheet, is 
there any tie up or negotiation is going on with any PSU in this regard?  
Pavan Khaitan:  
Thank you Mr. Mehta for your question. With regards to capacity 
utilization, we are very confident and optimistic that it will be 100% 
capacity utilization, which we are even currently doing and we will be 
ending the year on our capacity utilizations completely. With respect 
to the new tax regime we are clearly going to save on MAT Payment, 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
which is to the tune of almost minimum 50 to 60 crores over the next 
two years. With the healthy cash inflows and cash profits that we are 
likely to achieve, we are envisaging that this is the kind of MAT 
repayment that would have occurred in the old regime and now with 
the new tax regime, this is the amount that we're likely to save. As far 
as the Ethanol project is concerned, yes, we've had a final certificate 
from BIRAC DBT, which is Department of Biotechnology Government of 
India, which has fructified and established and given the go ahead on 
the usage of this technology. Now this is a very small pilot plant. And 
we've invested in this technology as an option for us and we are looking 
at various options of how to monetize or make use of this 
technology furthermore, in the near future, but to be very specific, we 
want to concentrate on becoming and keeping to our basic product 
which is paper, we want to become a strong paper player and hence 
we are not going to see very much big or great revenues coming in from 
the ethanol piece of it. That technology as and when it fructifies will not 
be a centerpiece for us for sure. Thank you. 
Dalpat B Mehta: 
In near future there is not much revenue is likely to come from this  
Pavan Khaitan:  
We are wanting to concentrate on paper which is going to give us a very 
good revenue prospect. We are wanting to grow in paper alone. There 
are lots of opportunities that are coming by for paper and this is where 
we want to concentrate. Ethanol will at best be a byproduct for us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you next question is from the line of Raj Nahar from Mili 
Consultants. Please go ahead.  
Raj Nahar: 
My question is on the power and fuel you have been using earlier coal 
in a big way and still now this quarter, the cost of power and fuel is 
quite high compared to other players who have just reported the 
numbers. So are you still using coal or you have sweeped over 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
completely to say like rice straw and like your other competitors are 
using with the new boilers which were installed. And they are using 
even the rice straw, also in the boiler. So are you being able to use the 
rice straw also? And in future, what could be the saving arising because 
the other competitors in that area they are claiming power cost is just 
around 3 rupees or below 3 Of course steam is not counted in that. So 
can you highlight on the power side.  
Pavan Khaitan:  
We've invested in a high pressure CFBC boiler and where the usage of 
yes we are continuing to use coal, but we are also using rice husk and 
the combination of this is about 40% coal and 60% biomass, which is 
rice husk. Unfortunately, a boiler that is required or that can burn rice 
straw is a very different set-up. We don't have that technology and it 
doesn't make sense for me to invest in another boiler just to use rice 
straw.  We are continuing to use biomass which is rice husk and coal. 
But because of this high technology, high pressure of CFBC boiler, we 
are getting a very, very good steam efficiency. We're getting almost 
close to 4.6 tons of steam versus other boilers where it is in the range 
of 4-4.2 so that effectively brings down my steam cost and with the 
right full configuration along with our steam turn turbines, our power 
generation cost is also likely to be in the range of 3 or 3.5 rupees per 
unit going down in the future.  
Raj Nahar: 
So can you also use the cotton straw and mustard straw.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, I'm sorry those are typically biomass based boilers where the 
configuration of the hearth and the burning area is very different. So 
that technology is very different. We will not be able to use that, but 
we are clearly optimizing on both coal and husk in a big way and even 
coal we have a tie up with Coal India under an FSA agreement under 
which we are procuring our coal more in the range of ₹4,500 per ton 
rather than the 11,000 to 14,000 rupees per ton of coal which is costing 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
in the open market. So our coal procurement cost is much more 
efficient than others.  
Raj Nahar: 
OK, so one more question is the paper market off late has been 
booming in a big way and in August also there are two or three price 
increase from current month also 1st of August. But there are certain 
kind of paper prices have gone up, to my knowledge from the market 
sources, it is close to 95,000 and plus, is that correct? 
 Pavan Khaitan: 
That is correct. Even our market pricing is fetching a realization of 
95000-96000 rupees per ton. And that's the average realization 
depending on the kind of paper that we produce and sell, some of our 
specialty papers and low grammage papers are commanding even a 
price of ₹1,10,000 per ton. But yes the average will be 95,000 rupees 
about that much only.  
Raj Nahar: 
Any plan for further growth or taking up the expansion or not now as 
just you have actually completed last year for 450 crores project so.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, right now we are going to optimize on these projects itself. There 
will be very, very normal Capex in sort of further, upgrading the 
qualities of a paper, if at all. But yes, what we're banking on is with new 
products coming in, like the straw based paper, OGR and food 
packaging paper, that is what is going to help us diversify our product 
portfolio and help us get a better realization from the market and also 
with the NEP coming in that is going to give a boost for the even the 
baseline writing and printing papers that we make.  
Raj Nahar: 
One more question is that wheat straw particularly has gone up very 
high almost doubled in last, I think six months 4,000 to 10,000 to 12,000 
rupees. So how comfortable we will be? Because your cost of pulp 
basically, particularly informed this cost is much higher than the wood 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
pulp by manufactured by the integrated player like TN papers, JK, west 
coast is basically so are we going to put it is based on the 
biomass. Because this wheat straw price has gone up actually off late.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 So I agree with you that wheat straw prices have gone up, but because 
of our better managed processes we are able to fetch in better yields in 
our agro pulping and wood pulping processes so we are being able to 
offset that high price increase with better yields that we get and the 
better processing. We also use sarkanda and bagasse. So sarkanda is 
material on which we've done extensive R&D and that helps us bring 
down the cost of our overall pulp on a year round basis and sarkanda is 
largely a waste material which grows in marshy lands and the 
government auctions it for a removal and disposal purposes. So that 
helps us bring down our cost of overall pulp and adds to the raw 
material mix and cost of pulping as well. So we are quite confident that 
despite these increases, we will be able to offset that cost increase by 
way of providing better quality. Increasing the quality of a paper and 
thereby getting a better realization. Because we are now fully 
integrated pulp and paper operation.  
Moderator:  
Thank you next question is from the line of an Anupam Goswami from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Anupam Goswami: 
My first question on the pulp prices and the paper prices. What are the 
factors that is, we know how the market factors are playing at the 
moment? And what kind of buoyant paper market is how long do you 
think that this paper thing will the buoyant market will sustain? And 
what factors will it cost to reverse the cycle?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
I'm very confident that for the short term the buoyancy will remain 
largely on 2 aspects. One is with the NEP which is likely to be rolled out 
in the next month or two months and one is the single use plastic ban 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
that the government has put in that is going to boost the prospects of 
the paper industry quite phenomenally. As paper industry, we will be 
required to create new products which will come in and replace the 
single use plastic usage all around in many, many multifold 
applications. As far as pulp prices are concerned they are currently 
at quite a historic high, largely a result of the Russia Ukraine War, which 
is going on, which has secluded Russia out of the pulp market and 
otherwise even a lot of industry in the US and Europe, have shut down 
because of environmental reasons, so I think largely the new set point 
has been created for pulp pricing wherein earlier they were in the range 
of $600 per ton. They will largely remain at $850 to $900 per ton 
now. And so this buoyancy is likely to remain for the short term. I don't 
see any big ticket investment happening in paper industry in India. And 
when that happens which time will tell and that normally the gestation 
period is about two years, so that's how long it will take for things to 
get a little unsettled if at all, and but by that time the demand will also 
catch up. So I'm quite confident that the buoyancy situation and the 
buoyancy factor should remain over the short and medium term.  
Anupam Goswami: 
Do you think any risk of import that can come when this war gets over, 
and then the whole cycle will reverse and the import will also start 
flowing in. And how much of a risk, do you see that?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Though the world is at stage for all players to operate, but the 
government has also put in a PIMS protective information on all 
imports of paper that is happening. So it is going to regulate all this 
from starting 1st October. Where every importer will have to register 
himself to Government of India and will have to give all details of all 
imports of paper that he's doing under what grade, under what 
pricing so I think the government's intention is to regulate the import 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
of paper and ensure that nothing is sort of avoided or nothing is taken 
in a roundabout fashion for any kind of trader to take advantage of.  
Anupam Goswami: 
But on the other side, do you see a government risk also coming in 
intervening, controlling the prices in the domestic prices up since the 
demand is so strong and paper prices are soaring, maybe the 
government will allow something important to control the prices to 
stay at a normal level.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
I do not preclude government for taking any kind of such actions 
because they have known to take action on other industry. But I don't 
think anything dramatic will happen even if there is a control, it is going 
to be advantageous for the overall industry prospects because it'll be 
clearly more regulated they will certainly not allow imports to happen 
at the cost of domestic industry. They do want with the Atmanirbhar 
campaign which is a very strong sort of provision for Government of 
India and the Narendra Modi government. I'm sure it'll be a good open 
market place for everybody to survive and compete professionally and 
efficiently.  
Moderator:  
Thank you next question is from the line of Siddharth Jain from Yes 
Securities.  
Siddharth Jain: 
I just wanted to know whether the chemical recovery plant has been 
operationalized and is live right now.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 Yes, we put it into operation in March of 21.  
Siddharth Jain: 
So just a follow up to that. So, if I look back in 2019 our chemical cost 
to sales was approx. 17% if I'm not wrong and so are we there today at 
the same level. So are we yet to accrue the full benefit of this plant and 
where do we see this going for like in future?  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So chemical where you see that in chemical recovery the caustic soda 
is only one part of it, so in the entire paper making process there are 
several chemicals that we use in the papermaking on the paper 
machine side. Also there are several chemicals that we use like sizing, 
starch and whitening agents and all. So we have clearly seen a good 
impact and reduction in our cooking chemical, which is caustic and that 
is clearly reflected and why we're seeing a higher cost of 17 percent is 
because all other chemicals were largely at an increase or we were 
procuring at an increased rate because of the China story. Most of the 
chemicals the raw material comes from China and China has undergone 
quite a few of sort of market economics of its own, wherein they 
increased the cost of chemicals and raw materials quite substantially. 
One is because of their own situation for the Olympics that they were 
staging. Because of that they closed down several industries of 
theirs. There were power shutdowns and what not and that impacted 
the availability of raw material chemicals. So there were there had 
been a kind of a destabilization change or stage during March. But now 
we are getting better there and you will see in the coming quarters that 
our cost of chemicals and usages will improve over a period.  
Siddharth Jain: 
So if you could just give a ballpark number, where could we see this 
number coming down to?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
The chemical costs I think would reduce, but between about 1% to 2%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you next question is on the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from 
Honesty & Integrity Investment. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
I missed your remark on our source of coal that how we are sourcing 
the coal. Great if you can just repeat that.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 We have an FSA with Coal India Limited and the respective coalfields 
they have set-up auctions actually for the last 25 years we had an FSA 
that is a fuel supply arrangement with Coal India Limited. Now that got 
nullified in September last year because the government now wants to 
basically sequester coal for the power industry and normal industry. 
Whoever had such FSA were allowed to take part in the auctions which 
coal India takes out from time and again. And whatever coal we are 
able to secure there starts getting registered under a new fuel supply 
arrangement. So we've already procured about 1,60,000 tons of Coal 
our current requirement for the whole year, and for that we've got a 
fuel supply arrangement with the collieries of Coal India and these are 
at a quite a fraction of the price of what is available and then 
open market so our coal supply is quite we're secure on that. Our costs 
are under control, so even if we are using coal it is at an effective price 
and using it in an economical manner.  
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
That E auction. I think what you said is it we procure it under the E 
auction and then intend to supply arrangement so E auction prices are 
higher than the FSA prices like that we must be paying earlier.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
We actually did our supply arrangements earlier in Jan to March where 
in we got a very good pricing and our pricing is in the range of ₹4000 to 
₹5000 per ton  
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
OK and then it will continue. So this prices have been secured till what 
till what time frame 
Pavan Khaitan: 
For the whole year till March 23.  
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
So in our power plant obviously the biomass and rice husk and all are 
seasonal in nature, so when they are not available do we run it on 100% 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
coal or how does it work? Or we stock the rice husk for the whole of 
the year and then continue to mix. 
Pavan Khaitan:  
So we do end up stocking rice husk periodically when the season is 
there and the pricing is low. So we are able to overall in the entire year 
we are able to keep to our mix of about 45% to 48% Coal and balance, 
52 odd percent rice husk. So yes, you're right when now that the season 
for rice husk is fading. And the new season will start in October for 
these two months, the coal availability is obviously higher and the 
usage of coal will be will go up from 48% to about 55% and rice husk 
will be low. Those kind of changes we do seasonally, but overall we are 
able to maintain about 48-52% coal and husk ratio.  
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Correct and rice husk what is the pricing currently for the rice husk that 
we are procuring? Because there has been a lot of reports on declining 
price of rice because of the monsoon and then, I think if that continues 
the rice husk prices will also shoot up and given the fact that it is also 
alternate to coal which is also seeing higher prices. What is the current 
pricing? Are you seeing any increase in the prices for rice husk? Do you 
anticipate it in coming seasons? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So currently the rice husk pricing is between ₹8000 to ₹9000 per 
ton. And even if they do go up, they'll go up very marginally because 
normally sheller’s and traders stock up their rice husk and try and sell 
it at a better pricing, but now with the season ending they have to sort 
of dispense with and dispose of all rice husk stock that is available, so 
normally we see a reducing trend of pricing between now and October 
and so it's a mix. But as in how the demand is increasing, there is a need 
for these traders also to dispense with that old stock. So it's a mixed 
bag and I don't see pricing on the rise. It will stay around these levels 
only.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you next question is from the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian, 
please go ahead.  
Viraj Parekh: 
Two questions for the quarter what was our NSR?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Quarter average NSR was about ₹81,000 per ton.  
Viraj Parekh: 
OK, and I believe correct me if I'm wrong. I believe we have even 
recently started exporting the finished goods, correct?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes.  
Viraj Parekh: 
So can you give me a break up further. Export and domestic NSR if you 
have it on the desk.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So export we are doing about 20% of our production is coming from 
exports and normally the export realization we get is a little lower than 
domestic pricing. So on the export our realization will be close to about 
₹75,000 per ton. But we gain on efficiency there because there are 
larger volumes. Larger runs of the same product, so we get better 
efficiencies on our machine there. So there is a sort of set off that we 
get in terms of reduced cost of operation on export of paper.  
Viraj Parekh: 
Alright, so just last question, is that a mutual soaring energy prices, a 
few capacities in the Europe have shut down. So how is the export 
market looking things on a short term period? Do you think that 
probably there can be an uptrend in export realizations in the short 
term period because of capacity shut down there?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, there is a clearly a possibility, but then again China and Indonesia 
are also big players. And, as I said that China had temporarily shut down 
their capacities because of a variety of reasons we could see the 
reemergence of those capacities back in operation and there. So the 
production will also go to serve these key within US based markets, but 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
then again US and China has their own political situations to deal with, 
so one has to see or where the markets are and how and which country 
is able to take advantage of those demand situations getting created.  
Moderator: 
Thank you next question is from the line of Govind Lal, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Govind Lal: 
I just want to understand what was our average NSR for last quarter 
and what are the current prices now.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So our average realization for the quarter was ₹81,000, and currently 
our realization is close to about ₹95,000 per ton.  
Govind Lal: 
So let say ₹14 per kg prices have gone up in one month July.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes. July-August. 
Govind Lal: 
So it is ₹81,000 works for whole quarter. So what was the exit prices 
for June end  
Pavan Khaitan: 
June end would be about 84-85 thousand.  
Govind Lal: 
How much price rise we have taken in July and August?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
In July we have taken almost ₹5000 and a similar increase even in 
August.  
Govind Lal: 
So almost ₹10 increase we have taken.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes.  
Govind Lal: 
So how your things are in going forward scenario that these prices 
almost have reached peak, they should fall now or as you already told 
that in short term buoyancy will be there so I want to understand in 
longer term your view on price trends. Let us say another six months or 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
one year how now a new benchmark will be set for the prices. So that 
I want to understand, Sir.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So I think we've hit a very historic high in terms of pricing for our 
product. Paper industry has never seen it so good ever in past, and I 
think there's a limit to how much we can increase pricing. After all, the 
customer demand is not so price inelastic. There will come a time if we 
keep increasing our price is the customer will start shying away. So I 
think even if we stabilize at these pricing, it will be a very, very good 
position in a strong position for the entire paper industry. We will need 
to be careful for further increasing our pricing, if at all.  
Govind Lal: 
Agreed Sir, but that's what I want to understand. A little longer term 
can these prices sustain. So short term you told that it will be buoyant 
only, but I am asking from little longer term 3-4 quarters one year or 
what pricing scenario you are seeing for paper.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So I think in the long term if there will be a rationalization because I 
think I don't think that prices of this level can sustain itself for long, 
though the reduction will not be in sort of higher percentages 
terms maybe a few percentages terms like 5% to 7%, but we will also 
see a rationalization and the cost structures. Our raw materials which 
are sort of tending to be at such a high price. We will clearly see a 
reduction in costs over there else if so, we will be able to maintain our 
margins. Going forward.  
Govind Lal: 
So let us say last quarter margins we can see for next 3-4 quarters.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, surely. And we as a company we are looking at improving our 
margins going forward in the three succeeding quarters because of the 
efficiency we will get on our operations and the because of the change 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
in the product mix that we are visualizing for ourselves, which will help 
us get a better margin and better realization in the market.  
Govind Lal: 
That is nice to know that Sir, what was the earlier historical high prices 
for our paper, Sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Near historic high was like 72 rupees.  
Govind Lal: 
Now it is almost a 84 plus another 10. It is 94.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Correct, but that time our cost structure was also much lower. There 
has been substantial increase in raw material costs and fuel costs. Fuel 
costs have risen almost three times. Raw material cost has risen twice, 
so different, different cost structure. We are doing our best to maintain 
and give a better performance on margins.  
Govind Lal: 
Similarly, can you give your little opinion about pulp prices for current 
and going forward. What you see pulp price is saying. Sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So currently they are ruling at about $1,100 a ton. They should come 
down and stabilize to around $800 to $900 per ton.  
Govind Lal: 
So I want to understand what's the reason for such kind of a price 
increases can you do your rational for this dynamics of demand 
supply? Why such price increases are happening Sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So one is that the imports of paper have come down because of the 
story in China. They had shut down their plants for their own economic 
and political reasons, and also that the costs have risen so much within 
India. The paper industry had no choice but to pass on these costs to 
the consumer. And there is clearly a good demand for our product of 
paper because of the huge outlay and focus of the government on the 
education sector and education clearly needs to go ahead and rise.  So 
the demand for all kinds of writing, paper, printing, paper, specialty 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
paper. That's on the rise and with the economic growth that the 
country is witnessing. I mean, we've come back and overcome COVID 
in a big, strong way and we are seeing and witnessing strong credentials 
in terms of growth. 7% to 8% growth. So I think all that is combining to 
lead to a good growth prospects for even the paper industry and the 
demand is on the rise. And so the paper industry is being able to realize 
these good, healthy Priceline. 
Govind Lal: 
One more thing Sir Century Textiles I attended call and I have seen 
presentation. You can also go through so you were telling that your 
export relations are less comparing domestic, but their exports 
relations are more ₹7000 versus domestic, so why did the anomaly?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 Maybe they've got a good network of exports. Maybe their customers 
are different, but normally what we are seeing, we are doing a good 
mix between export and domestic and the kind of tonnage is that we 
do for our domestic. We are clearly a winner or a leader in terms of 
pricing for our paper and our paper pricing and realization that we get 
domestically is has always been far higher than what we get for exports. 
Maybe it's a cause for century to increase their domestic price.  
Govind Lal: 
So this is a new education policy. How much it will add net-net to 
demand in the writing printing paper.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Well, good writing printing should sort of encounter a huge increase in 
demand because it can increase because entirely new set of textbooks 
will be required to be printed for the new syllabus and the change 
in syllabus so one can only sort of have a guess that it will be close to 
about at least 10% to 12% increase in demand compared to the normal 
6% that we've been witnessing in the last 10 years.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Govind Lal: 
My last small question how you are tracking raw material backward 
integrating Sir. I mean now we have how much percentage raw 
material captive and How much we are importing?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So we are not importing at all now. In fact, with the new wood pulp mill 
that we've installed and commissioned in 2021, all our raw material, 
both agro and wood we are sourcing locally that also, largely from the 
state of Punjab in the vicinity of about 100 kilometers. Some wood we 
are drawing from the neighboring states of Himachal and Western UP 
as well, but all our raw material by and large is being sourced locally 
and pulping is being done at the site in the integrated pulp and paper 
facility that we have.  
Govind Lal: 
Then why there is so much EBITDA margin variation? we are around 21-
22 and JK and recently came Andra paper and has shown 27% margin 
and JK has shown 34% margin. So when we are captive raw material 
then why our margins are low?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Well JK, West Coast and Andhra what you've mentioned are very very 
high sort of superior mills of very large size. Their strengths are very, 
very huge. They've sort of invested in manifold technology, which helps 
them on sort of creating superior papers at lower costs. We are also 
reaching there we've been able to do and grow organically by investing 
quite well, we've also reached at about 23% EBITDA margin and we 
hope to increase that in the coming quarters and sort of increase on 
our margins there.  
Govind Lal: 
Last question sir, the product profile there is any difference between 
the west coast, JK because their NSR is less comparing us, so there was 
78-79 last quarter, ours is around 80 to 84. You're telling. So what was 
the difference or any product profile is different from theirs?  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Product profile is similar. There we are all making, writing, printing, 
maplitho and copier grades. Their sourcing of raw material is far better 
because they've been at it for years and years, they've created a social 
forestry program for themselves where their wood procurement costs 
are much more economical than ours. We are also making all efforts to 
sort of foray into that, and we will be able to sort of come out successful 
over the next coming year.  
Govind Lal: 
What I want to understand is how our NSR is more than them. That's 
what I am asking. How we are able to sell in market better prices than 
this JK and all.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So Delhi is amongst the highest market. I mean highest volume market 
all over India. So our realization is a bit more because we are 
placed closer to that market all these mills of JK, Andhra and west 
coast. They are placed further away so their freight factor is a higher 
factor and a higher cost to them which goes to reduce their margins. 
Plus, we do a lot of customized papermaking so we produce to orders 
and we are being able to supply and serve orders of all kinds, no matter 
what size, no matter what GSM, no matter what quality amongst the 
qualities that we make.  So we are clearly a market oriented operation 
and we are able to take advantage of that in terms of a better 
premium.  
Moderator:  
Thank you next question is from the line of Keshav from RakSan 
Investors. Please go ahead.  
Keshav: 
What was the maintenance Capex for FY 22 and tentatively how much 
would we incur in this year?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 So maintenance Capex is, to the tune of about 12 to 15 crores and it'll 
be a similar amount this year as well.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
Keshav: 
So we are seeing the realizations increasing due to various factors. So 
would there be a commensurate impact on the RM as well?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So raw material is already at its peak wheat straw pricing, fuel pricing 
all is at its peak, so we've been able to manage those costs well, so any 
increase further increase in our realization is probably going to go 
straight to our bottom line. We're not going to see a further increase in 
raw material or any substantial change in raw material per say.  
Keshav: 
OK, and sir just one last thing I'm not aware of the ethanol foray, so 
what are we doing there.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So ethanol is a technology that we invested in about 4-5 years ago. It's 
a very, very small pilot plant. It's an alternate technology, considering 
we were in the biomass hub in the state of Punjab, so it's about taking 
a green initiative. And so we've invested in that technology. Now, how 
to monetize it? It's something that we are yet in in the plans of and, but 
clearly we want to be a dominant paper player, and any offshoots or 
any realizations from ethanol will be very, very secondary.  
Keshav: 
So we have in licensed their technology, right?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Correct 
Moderator:  
Thank you next question is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Joindre 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Hiten Boricha: 
 So the first question is you mentioned that this realization was ₹81,000 
in this quarter. What was it in quarter in Q4?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Q4 would be about ₹66,000- ₹67,000 per quarter.  
Hiten Boricha: 
And so my another question is, on the capacity utilization you 
mentioned, it is running at 100% capacity utilization and it will be same 

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
for the rest of the year. So are we planning for any capacity expansion 
of any capex trend in the near terms?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 No, no, nothing at all, except for the normal debottlenecking and 
whatever normal Capex is to get better efficiencies. But no major Capex 
at all for the near future.  
Hiten Boricha: 
OK, so can you help me with what kind of capacity expansion will it be 
done after this debottlenecking I mean by what percentage the 
capacity will go up?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
It may go up by about 5% to 10% Max.  
Hiten Boricha: 
OK so the majority of the growth for this year will be from improving 
realization from the new products, right?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, new product, new product profile, better realization and of course 
further enhancing the efficiency of our operations and reducing our 
costs.  
Hiten Boricha: 
So just a follow up on this. You mentioned the realization with 
improvement. We are looking for some new kind of product. So are 
these products already commercialized or this are going to be coming 
in this year? Like can you throw some color on this?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, It's in this process of getting a developed and I'm sure that by the 
next two to three months we will see the implementation and 
establishment of these products in the market as well.  
Hiten Boricha: 
And these products are going to cut up to our existing clients, right?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, the network will be the same. But the applications will be 
different. Most of it will be to replace single use plastic, which has been 
banned by the government.  

                                                                                  Kuantum Papers Ltd 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Hiten Boricha: 
OK, so can we expect easily 20% kind of revenue growth this year when 
you compared to FY23 Sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, that will be correct, at least 20%-25% top line growth compared to 
last year, that's correct.  
Hiten Boricha: 
OK. With similar kind of margin right 22%.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
We will certainly try for that, but yes, we've already achieved a EBITDA 
margin of about 23%. We will plan to up it by about few percentage 
points by the year end.  
Moderator: 
Thank you as there are no further questions. We have reached the end 
of question and answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So thank you all for participating in this earnings con call. I hope we've 
been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, 
please reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. We are very 
thankful to all our investors who stood by us and had the confidence in 
the company’s growth plans and with this I wish everyone a great day 
ahead. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of Valorem advisors that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines.  
  
 
 
