Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One, 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: + 91-22-6169 8500 
Fax: + 91-22-6169 8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
 
 
August 06, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: - BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP  
       BSE- Security Code - 959822 – Debt Segment 
          NSE - GODREJPROP  
 
Sub: - Transcript of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the conference call organized with the Investors/ 
Analysts on Tuesday, August 02, 2022, post declaration of financial results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above  

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Godrej Properties 
Limited's Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari of CDR India. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Godrej Properties Q1 FY'23 Results Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairman; Mr. Mohit Malhotra, Managing 
Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the company. We 
would like to begin the call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-
and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call will be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now request for Pirojsha to make his opening remarks. 
 
Pirojsha Adi Godrej:  
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties 
First Quarter Financial Year '23 Conference Call. I'll begin by discussing 
the highlights of the quarter, and we then look forward to taking your 
questions and suggestions. I'm happy to report that Godrej Properties 
started the year with its highest ever first quarter sales. We sold 2,300 
homes during the quarter with an area of about 2.8 million square feet. And 
in value terms, sold about INR 2,520 crore worth of inventory, which 
represented a year-on-year value growth of 407%. Of course, the base 
was the delta wave last year. So it's not really a reasonable base to look at. 
We were especially pleased to have crossed INR 1,000 crore of sales in 
Mumbai through the successful launch of 2 new projects, Godrej Horizon, 
where we sold more than INR 500 crore of real estate and Godrej Ascend 
in Thane, where we sold 379 homes with a booking value of about INR 415 
crore. We believe this puts us on track to our objective of achieving sales in 
excess of INR 10,000 crore in the current financial year. 
 
On the operations front, while we had no deliveries in the first quarter, we 
remain on track to deliver a large number of projects during the rest of the 
year. As a result of no deliveries in the first quarter, our revenues were 
relatively muted at INR 375 crore, a year-on-year growth of 61%. Our 
adjusted EBITDA grew by 58% to INR 132 crore, while our net profit grew 
by 168% to INR 46 crore. Our residential collections for the quarter stood 
at INR 1,538 crore leading to positive net operating cash flow.  

 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
From a business development perspective, we recently added a new 
luxury project, Carmichael Road in Mumbai with a total salable area of 
about 1.2 lakh square feet and an expected revenue potential of 
approximately INR 1,200 crore. 
 
While our new business development announcement during the quarter 
were only these 2 or 3 projects, one in Carmichael Road, plotted 
development project in Nagpur and an additional phase to one of our 
projects in Mumbai, we do have a very exciting set of projects under 
discussion, and our business development pipeline is exceptionally strong. 
So we expect to have several new project announcements in the months 
ahead. While commodity cost inflation has impacted margins on under 
construction inventory, the price hikes taken to mitigate the same for new 
projects have been well absorbed. 
 
Strong housing demand despite price increases and interest rate hikes 
gives us confidence that the housing cycle upturn is sustainable. We 
remain confident of leveraging the opportunity to grow our market share 
aggressively with a sharp focus on business development and project 
execution, which will set us up for significant earnings growth in the years 
ahead. I would also like to update you on an important change to our 
leadership team that will take effect from January 1, 2023. 
 
Mohit, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, has tendered his 
resignation from the company to seek entrepreneurial opportunities outside 
Godrej Properties. I'm deeply grateful to Mohit for the essential role he has 
played in transforming Godrej Properties over the past 12 years he's been 
with the company and over the past 5.5 years that he's been CEO. I wish 
Mohit much success for the future and for his new venture. Gaurav 
Pandey, who is currently the Chief Executive Officer of the North Zone of 
Godrej Properties, will take over from Mohit as Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer effective January 1. 
 
Gaurav is over 17 years of experience in the real estate sectorand as CEO 
of our North Zone, he's a transformed the P&L of the business and built a 
high-performing team. In the 5 years of his leadership, the Zone grew by 6x 
in booking value, 4x in collections and the imputed return on capital 
employed increased very significantly to about 27%. In fiscal year 2022, 
the profit after tax of the North Zone was the largest contributor to Godrej 
Properties P&L. So I'm quite confident that Gaurav’s thorough knowledge 
of the industry, the company and his delivery track record will help ensure 
he has a very successful tenure as CEO of Godrej Properties. 
 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. I'd like to thank you all for joining us 
on the call. We'd now be very happy to discuss any questions; comments 
or suggestions you may have. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Firstly, on the operating cash flow, it was quite low this quarter as a % of 
collection. What is the reason for that? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat:           So Kunal, the collections will improve in the coming quarters. Since the 
beginning of the quarter, there are a lot of construction milestone 
payments, which will keep coming. Since 3 launches we have done, those 
are initial collection, which we have received. But going forward, you will 

 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
see this collection and operating cash flow trajectory improving in the 
coming quarters. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
I think, Kunal, we remain very confident both of strong overall collections 
as well as operating cash flow growth for the full year. We agree this 
quarter was a little bit low. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure, sure. Secondly, on status of your Ashok Vihar launch, if you can give 
some indication on when the launch will be and where are we in terms of 
approvals? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Yes, I think we've been making steady progress on the approval. There are 
1 or 2 issues that are still outstanding. So we're hoping for a Q3 launch on 
that. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Q3, okay. And lastly, in terms of new launches for the rest of the year, 
right? I can see only one launch in the Mumbai market, which is the 
Matunga launch. But besides that, we don't have anything else lined up for 
the rest of the year? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Well, we do have a few projects that we haven't put in the official guidance 
that we'd hope to launch by the end of the year, including Worli 
development, including perhaps even this Carmichael Road development, 
if we can turn it around fast enough. But you're right that I think some of the 
Mumbai launches will be second half of next year as well. We have, of 
course, launched 2 significant projects in Q1, so we expect continued 
momentum in inventory sales from those projects. Mohit, do you want to 
add anything? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. As Pirojsha highlighted, I think there are a couple of projects which we 
are looking to launch. But at our advanced stages of approval, we haven't 
taken them into our guidance. We also have potential to launch the next 
phase launch for our Wadala project, which has done phenomenally well. 
So looking at quite exciting opportunities in Mumbai this year. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And lastly, status on your Bandra project? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Mohit, do you want to take that? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Not much progress on Bandra project. As you know, it's just because of 
our joint venture partners reasons . So I think that project where things are 
going slower than what we would have liked it to. 
 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Puneet: 
My first question is with respect to your investments in the joint ventures 
and other financial assets. That seems to have gone down on a Q-on-Q 
basis. Can you elaborate on why that would have happened? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Those investments keep going up and down, depending on the share of 
profit and loss, which keeps adding and reducing. So that is a function of 
those investment plus obviously, when you recognize profit share of 
investment goes up and when you recognize loss share of investment in 
JV’s goes down. 
 
Puneet:  
So there would have been a recognition of loss in these. 
 

 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
That usually is a one-line item. So those get into investment and when the 
JV reaches recognition, obviously, it will go up again. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think it's important to understand that for joint ventures until they reach 
project completion is when the earnings are recognized, the rest is 
marketing expense and the other things, which are expensed out. 
 
Puneet:  
I get it. And my second question is, how should one think about the 
pipeline, you've been quite bullish on the pipeline, but we haven't seen 
large projects getting added compared to the scale and the balance sheet 
size that you have. What is really resulting in a bit of slowdown on the 
project edition? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think again, the visibility internally is quite good. We have, as I said, 
also shifted out our announcement of deals to usually a greater set of 
precedent conditions are completed. But yes, it's fair to say, I think last 2, 3 
quarters, we haven't had any big bang new business development 
announcements. We're quite confident we'll have a few during the 
upcoming quarters. 
 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just one question, again, on business development. So firstly, congrats to 
Mohit on successful tenure. But I think Mohit and the team overall was 
obviously working very closely to materialize transactions in Mumbai, 
Bangalore, where you were very much focused in the last couple of years. 
Now with the new CEO, obviously, coming from North how those dynamics 
change, particularly with respect to our business development targeting in 
Mumbai and Bangalore? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I don't think we should assume any change. I think, of course, we are 
a professionally managed company I think largely thanks to all the good 
work Mohit has done over the last few years. We also have a very strong 
team. We have zonal CEOs who are responsible for delivering the P&L. 
We have a strong independent business development team, I think, for 
business development of course, I can personally be involved in some of 
the important transactions. And I think as we've indicated, I think the Mohit 
moving on, we've been agreed in a very amicable manner between me and 
Mohit. I think he's going to do his best to ensure a very smooth transition. 
We have another 5 or 6 months before Mohit moves on. So I really am 
quite confident that the business development pipeline won't be affected. 
And in fact, you will see, I think, a considerable pickup in business 
development momentum over these next couple of quarters. 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And just if you can elaborate since the pipeline visibility is very 
strong. Obviously, we'll take your comments, obviously with a pinch of salt,  
since nothing has been firmed up. But what sort of pipeline you're looking 
at in Mumbai specifically with regards to Slum redevelopment that you are 
seeking to sign off with DB earlier. Now what's the visibility there and 
overall, in general, the pipeline that you're looking at in? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we have good visibility in Mumbai, again, it's very hard to 
comment on this until these deals are public, and we can’t speak about 
them freely. But there are several different projects that we're looking at, 
including individual projects that have an INR 5,000 crore booking value 
addition to the company. So we're quite hopeful of closing a few of these. 
Nothing specific on the Slum development side, as we mentioned, we had 

 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
dropped that earlier proposal. But we're seeing several interesting 
opportunities for new projects, both in Mumbai and Bangalore, in addition, 
of course, to the good business development that's in any case than going 
on in NCR and Pune. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
My first question is on the price increase. What's been a sequential 
increase Q4 to Q1? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit, do you want to take that? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sure. So thanks, Sameer. First of all, for the good wishes. So we had, as 
we mentioned in the last call, we took almost 5% to 6% price hike in Q4 to 
hedge for the inflation. This quarter, again, we have taken a price hike of 
3% to 4% across projects. Now some projects we have been able to take a 
higher number. Some projects we couldn't take as much as we would have 
liked. But on an average, quarter-on-quarter, we have been targeting 4% to 
5% price hike across markets, where prices are already going up 
significantly, we could take a higher number, in some markets which are 
still lagging behind the number of price hike is slightly lower. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
And sir, what's the outlook for balance 9 months of this year? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, I think we have not seen any major drop in demand through these 
price hikes. So we would like to continuously push in a prudent way, the 
price hike. But of course, you also have to be very careful about how 
consumers are responding to it, and we don't want volumes to drop so we'll 
just take it in a very calibrated way and accordingly decide. Very difficult to 
give a guidance on this. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. No, that's fine. And anything you can talk about the 2 new project 
acquisitions, which is Carmichael and the plotted development in Nagpur. 
What gross margins can we assume which is backing out both land costs 
and construction costs? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Nagpur is the plotted development. So the margins in plotted 
developments are upwards of 40% plus. Rajendra, do you have exact 
margin for Carmichael?  
 
Rajendra Khetawat:  
Carmichael, we've invested close to INR 300 crore. So that is the 
equivalent amount of profit, which we are looking at over there. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay. No, that's great. But when you say invested INR 300 crore, that is 
only land or land plus construction you're saying? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat:  
Only land. I'm saying on the land, generally, we look to make 2x kind of a 
return. So that is the margin we look to make from that kind of project. 
 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, sir. I mean just so that we are clear. So the sales potential is INR 
1,200 crore, and profit is INR 300 crore, you are saying? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes. Basically, I'm just saying that is a ballpark because there will be a lot 
of construction, there will be a lot of approvals and other stuff. So I'm just 
saying this is a ballpark. 
 

 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
These are quite high-margin projects. I think the Carmichael is an ultra 
luxury project. Our ultimate margin will, of course, depend on pricing, but 
it's a small project. So I think we will go for a pretty high margins there. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. And the final question is, how does the site at Worli look like in terms 
of how clear it is? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, the site is getting cleared. The work had already started and both the 
partners are already in the process, but if you really ask, I don't think you 
will see a very major change unless a significant number of people move 
out. So right now, the progress is positive, but a real shift in site, you would 
see in the next 6 months. 
 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities.Please go ahead. 
 
 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
First of all, I'd like to congratulate Mohit’s journey. My question is to 
Pirojsha. So last year, northern market contributed about 40% of all to say 
now have been in the role of the CEO. So are we looking to replace him in 
North by someone else? How will we look at the northern market now? If 
you can highlight, are we looking to deepen our presence there because 
we have seized a lot on the northern market, it's profitability and ROC of 
almost 27%. So if you can just touch upon the northern market. How will it 
change? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we have continued to have strong ambitions for that market. I 
think, of course, we have a strong team in place there. We've actually 
appointed as Gaurav successor, an existing P&L leader in our NCR team 
who is #2 to Gaurav, Geetika who has been one of our star performers and 
been a key part of the region   NCR has performed so well. So she will now 
take over as a P&L head for the NCR Zone when Gaurav moves over, and 
we continue to have a very ambitious plan for the growth in that zone. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
On the business development pipeline, so I mean some of the peers you 
gave a guidance on annual guidance on certain numbers on business 
developments. So do you have any number for especially for MMR, 
especially on the premium side. So where we don't have any significant 
presence as of now. So you've been highlighting in earlier calls that you're 
looking to significantly ramp up and increase our market share, but offlate 
we see other players from other geographies coming up and taking that 
market share and we have been not really done a great job out there. So if 
you can just touch upon and quantify some of that especially underplaying 
MMR? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Ya, I think in Mumbai, first of all, as I mentioned, actually last quarter had 
our best ever sales probably in Mumbai certainly, since our big Vikhroli 
launches, where we've crossed the INR 1,000 crore in sales. The project, 
one of the major contributor to that was actually a business development 
project we added last year in a redevelopment project in Wadala. So we're 
actually very happy that we've turned around that quite quickly. We've just 
announced this Carmichael Road project. 
 
As I did mention, there are a couple of very advanced stage large projects 
that we have in the pipeline. Of course, still we are in a place to announce 
them. I agree that there's no way that the investor community can really get 
a great sense of them, but we hope to be able to provide that in the near 
term. I think giving business development guidance, I would take with a 
pinch of salt because there are a large number of unknowns in this. But if 

 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
you look at it, I'd say that the goal of the company is to do at least INR 
10,000 crore bookings this year to grow at least 20% year-on-year. And I 
think steady state, that means for 2 years forward, we should be at INR 
15,000 crore number at least. So I think that's the booking value we'd like 
to lock in through business development in the current year, and we think 
we're on track to do that. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. But some of these large opportunities, typically, I mean, so what kind 
of opportunity we are seeing emerging now on the business development 
front. So do you think it's more like green field or still as were doing the log-
on [ Atari ] or new redevelopment opportunities rather than right away like 
refill opportunities or buying out plans on corporate. So on your plate, so 
what kind of opportunities are emerging from these segments? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think we're seeing large opportunities in all of the above. I think from a 
balance sheet perspective, there are only a handful of developers in the 
country right now who have the capacity to cut large land acquisition 
purchase cheques. So I think we are well placed with a gearing ratio of 
0.1:1 to be in place to do that for large significant opportunities. I think 
given the Godrej brand and our track record on doing probably more joint 
ventures than any other developers over the last 5, 6 years. We feel very 
confident in being able to do new partnership projects as well. So I think 
you'll see a mix of those and also some redevelopment projects. 
 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
My first question is on the growth trajectory. So you have talked about INR 
10,000 crore of sales in the current year, but it's not only implying flat 
numbers in the next 9 months. So why is that so? I mean, is it like a launch 
issue or you can do better? 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think INR 10,000 crore obviously is, we think, pretty healthy number 
would imply annual growth of 27%. Of course, the endeavor will be to 
always do even better. But I think that would be, we think, a pretty solid 
number for the year. So we want to first make sure we do get to that 
number. And obviously, if the opportunity presents itself, we will go for a 
much larger number. I think we've been quite happy with the steady scale-
up. We've been seeing in the business from a booking value perspective. I 
think we're probably the only developer that's delivered consistent year-on-
year growth each of the last 5 or 6 years. And we want to continue to build 
on that. So I think INR 10,000 crore this year, if we can do a bit better, 
nothing like it. But again, I think a 27% growth for the year will be a healthy 
number. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
And on the cash flow part, you mentioned you're expecting it to be in the 
next 9 months. So where can we roughly the net debt to end the year. We 
had an uptick of close to INR 500 crore this year, is that a fair pace to 
assume going forward? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think more than operating cash flow, which I think will be strongly 
positive for the year. I think the bigger determinant of where we end the 
year from a net debt perspective will be scale of business development. So 
the hope would be to actually be investing even more than we have the last 
couple of quarters. But yes, I think at the minimum, we would expect the 
sort of total net debt to go up by at least that if business development is 
firing the way we want to, but a few big deals could make that happen at a 
faster pace. 

 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
The big deals that you talked about, say, the INR 5,000 crore out of 
bracket. These are land purchases or these are JV, JD? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Again, there's a large number of opportunities we're looking at. I think we're 
looking at, for example, one large joint venture project and one large 
outright purchase, a specific project that I said could be about a INR 5,000 
crore revenue opportunity is outright purchase . 
 
Abhinav Sinha:  
Okay. And one question from the P&L perspective. On the current year, 
which are the project deliveries that you can guide us for that we can 
expect in the next 3 quarters? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think we have a large number of project deliveries. We expect over 10 
million square feet of deliveries this year. So it will be a long list of projects. 
Maybe Rajendra can take you through that offline. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Girish Choudhary from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Girish Choudhary: 
Yes. Firstly, on the Bangalore market. So if you look at the sales, they have 
been pretty tough over the last year or so is not also be things INR 270-odd 
crore. So when do you expect a rebound from this market? If you can give 
some concrete launches planned in this market? Yes, that’s the first 
question. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we expect a fairly immediate rebound. We’ve also made some 
changes to the team there. We’ve got a new CEO there, who’s been on 
board for a couple of months, who I think has very aggressive plans for 
growth in the market. We’re looking at some exciting large new 
opportunities, but we do have a few significant new projects that we’ll be 
launching from deals we added last year. So I certainly think that we’ve 
taken cognizance of the low sales in Bangalore for the past 12 months and 
should report a much higher number over this next remainder of the 
financial year. Mohit, do you want to add anything? 
 
Mohit Malhotra:  
Yes. concurred with your view, I think there's a very interesting pipeline 
we're building in Bangalore on the BD side. So once that comes in a big 
turnaround in the Bangalore market. 
 
Girish Choudhary: 
So if I have to ask you this other way around out of INR 10,000 crore 
guidance, how much can one expect from this market is your number your 
mind? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I think this year, the contribution from Bangalore will be relatively less. But I 
think next year onwards, it should significantly increase in contribution once 
the BD deal has been signed. 
 
Girish Choudhary: 
Okay. Secondly, last 2 years, again, deliveries were around 6.5 million 
square feet around 6.4, 6.5 million square feet. So any target share for 
FY'23. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Sorry, this year or for next year? 
 
Girish Choudhary: 
'23 and '24 if you can share for. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think this year, we'll see a large uptick, certainly north of 10 million. I think 
a lot of it will depend on the exact timing of OCs, but I think 10 million 

 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
would be a base case number. And you should see a strong number the 
following year as well. We're currently selling over the last couple of years, 
about 11 million square feet a year. So within a couple of years, that 
should, in any case, be the minimum rate. But as we scale up, obviously, 
deliveries will keep pace. But I think over the next couple of years, you'll 
see at least 25 million square feet of delivery. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nimish Maheshwari from ISB 
ventures. Please go ahead. 
 
Nimish Maheshwari:  
Congratulations on good set of numbers. How do you expect the demand 
with respect to increase in interest rate scenario, like in the across the year 
1% to 1.5% may increase? So how do you see the demand? 
 
Prijosha Godrej: 
Honestly, I don't anticipate any major impact on demand. I think it's 
important to remember that the starting point for this increase was the 
lowest interest rate India has ever seen. So even today, a mortgage cost 
7%, if that say, goes to 8% or 8.5%, that would be relatively low by any 
historical standard. The last time the sector was booming in 2011, '12, 
interest rates were 10%, 11%. So I'm not overly concerned of this. 
Obviously, we'll have to keep a close eye and watch how things move. But 
my sense is affordability for real estate while not quite as good as maybe a 
year or 1.5 years ago, it's still one of the best it's ever been because prices 
are still quite moderate if you consider that we went through an 8, 9 years 
down cycle with very limited property price appreciationso the 10% or so it 
may have been appreciation over the last 12, 18 months is a relatively 
modest number in light of the time correction and the kind of increase that 
people have seen in the income over this 10-year period. Similarly, as I 
mentioned on interest rates, there is some increase over the recent past, 
but we're starting off from an extremely low base. So my sense is the 
Indian economy and positivity around its performance is much better than 
it's been in a long time. I think if that holds and people's view is that 
inflation is likely to make property more expensive, which I think is correct. 
Then you will have home buyers wanting to come into the market. I think 
sometimes the industry is as much about buyers' perception as it is about 
the underlying numbers. So my expectation is that we're still in the 
relatively early stage of what will be a lasting up cycle in the sector. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Aman Vij from Astute 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the ROC of different regions like you have explained 
that over the last 4, 5 years, NCR have been able to beat 27% kind of 
ROC. If you can talk similar numbers for the other reasons, MMR, Pune 
and Bangalore. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit, do you want to take this? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, I don't have a number offhand, but maybe we can touch after the call. 
Rajendra, if you can share it after the call? 
 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Sure, Mohit. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, sure. Second question is on the INR 10,000 crore booking target we 
have. If we can give approx. split in terms of regions, which you think we 
could see? 
 

 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Prijosha Godrej: 
Yes. I think Bangalore might be off the 4 regions contribute the lowest 
amount to this year. I think NCR and Mumbai and what we call our East 
West one, which is mostly Pune, but also Kolkata but we will all contribute 
relatively large numbers. I think the exact split will depend on which exact 
projects end up getting launched and how they perform. But I think overall, 
we think INR 10,000 crore will require a strong performance from all our 
zones. And I think we've seen good growth over last year in all 4 zones. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. And on the Pune and Bangalore market, so we have a very 
ambitious target for this year. although Q1 they weren’t any big launches. 
But Q2, are there any big launches or most of them are meant for the H2 
only? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Mohit, do you want to take that? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We have a big launch coming up in Pune in Q2, which is at the last stage 
of approval. So that would be a very big launch. And apart from that, the 
launch pipeline looks healthy. There are good launches in NCR, which is 
planned. Bangalore also, we have a big launch already underway. I think 
we are looking at a strong number for Q2 also. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. Final question is on the cash we had raised; we have talked 
about trying to deploy most of it this year itself. So any chance some of this 
can happen in Q2 also or it will be again back ended in, say, Q3 or Q4 
only? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we should have deals getting added every quarter. So 
certainly, some of them should be in Q2 as well. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Sir, I'm talking about the big ones because we have added INR 300 crore 
for a project, but compared to the. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think some are at a stage where, hopefully, they can be announced 
in Q2. But obviously, the reason they've not yet been announced that 
they're not ready. So I think these things are not always completely 
predictable from a timing perspective. But yes, we hope on the next call to 
have some significant updates in place. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
So again, just welding on the Bangalore contribution. Actually, last year 
also we didn't have much contributing from Bangalore, and we also saw 
some cancellations in Q3. Just wanted to understand like how are we 
approaching this market because we've been in the market for some time 
now. Any change in the strategy besides what we have been doing so far? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we're very clear on what our expectations in Bangalore are and 
that over the last 12 months, we've missed them. I think in some years; 
we've been in the top 3 players by booking value in Bangalore. So I don't 
think that we've not achieved any scale there. And also it's not an issue 
that any of the projects we've launched haven't done well. So I think it's a 
pure question of needing to secure more business development, which 
we've already made some progress on over the past 12 months and have 
some very interesting opportunities that we hope to lock in over the next 
few months. I also mentioned we've made a recent change in our 
leadership in Bangalore. The clear mandate to the team is to make sure 
the scale moved up very considerably. So we have no concerns on the fact 

 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
that, that will happen. We haven't done as well as we could have from a 
scale perspective in Bangalore for the last 18 months, and we are fully 
committed to ensuring that rectified and very confident that it will be. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And just a data point that I must have missed in the past. The 
cancellations that we have seen in Q3 of INR 100-odd crore in Bangalore, 
this was for which project? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
This was for project Godrej Reflections, which had an issue with this NGT 
order, which we're in the process of appealing in the Supreme Court. So 
for any customers who had wanted to withdraw from the project, given the 
uncertainty, we provided refunds there. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dhruv Jain and Himanshu 
Zaveri. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
I just wanted to ask a question on the Vikhroli front. Is there anything 
happening over there because it's been a long time since, approvals 
problem or some other problems? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 As we've mentioned in the past, I think we will now announce it as and 
when somebody is ready to launch it. There are a couple of parcels that 
are being worked on, but there is continued regulatory uncertainty. Of 
course, a large part of the land is still used for other purposes. But the 
couple of pieces of land that we hope to launch soon, we'll certainly 
announce as soon as we're confident that it can be launched very quickly. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
The same one which you have mentioned in the deal, right? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Correct. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
And Ashok Vihar you said you're launching in the third quarter, right? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. Again, obviously, subject to all approvals being in place by then, but 
that's our current best estimate of the timing. I think the good news in 
Ashok Vihar, the NCR market has been really doing very well, both from a 
volume and pricing perspective. So while, obviously, we are frustrated with 
the delay and eagerly looking forward to kicking off that project from a pure 
financial returns perspective, I think the project only looks better now than it 
did a year or 2 ago. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
So when we get the approvals and all, you are pretty confident of the 
project doing very well because of the NCR market, right? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, absolutely. I think one is the NCR market. Two, I think this is a very 
unique land parcel and quality of location, the kind of scale of the land 
gives us an opportunity to create a very high-quality product. So yes, I think 
this is certainly a big priority and extremely confident that when it kicks off, 
we'll get off with a bang there. 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And the Hinjewadi one we are launching this quarter? Is there any 
chance? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit? 
 
Mohit Malhotra:  
That's correct. That's the project which we mentioned is what we are 
looking to launch in this quarter.  
 

 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Dhruv Jain:                                And the Okhla also, right? 
 
Mohit Malhotra:  
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Manish Gandhi from KPMK 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Gandhi: 
So my first question will be in NCR after Ashok Vihar, we don't have any 
greenfield project, and we have done exceedingly well. But given the 
current land price situation in NCR, so how do you look for the next 2, 3 
years, how do you build a land bank or deals? So first question is on that. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Yes. So Manish, our practice has never been to try to create large land 
banks but to continue to do ongoing business development. In NCR, we 
have some plotted projects. We have some remaining phases of existing 
projects. Ashok Vihar itself is like INR 8,000 crore plus booking value 
opportunity. And of course, it is one of the focus markets for new capital 
deployment as well. So I think that combination, we've, of course, looking 
at this for the next couple of years, we're very confident of delivering strong 
growth in NCR on a significant base. But obviously, for sustained long-term 
growth, I think we have to continue to fire from the BD side as well. 
 
Manish Gandhi: 
Yes. No, it's a wrong choice of. It's not a land bank, but I was just saying on 
the BD because our aspiration to grow high. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That’s a fair point. And it's certainly one of the markets where we're looking 
at some very interesting opportunities. We've seen almost anything we 
have launched there, including recently a project in Sector 43 in Noida, 
which became our best-selling ever project in terms of a 12-month sales. 
So I think we are looking to add similar high-impact projects. 
 
Manish Gandhi:  
And do you see opportunity or it is very difficult to do BD right now in the 
NCR? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, we are seeing opportunities. I think there's always, of course, being 
some level of competition. I would say the opportunities actually remain 
considerable though, while a lot of news goes on the 5 or 6 of us 
developers who are active in the market and are closing deals. I think 
there's still a long tail in the sector of liquidity issues and other problems. 
So we see decent opportunities to add significantly to the portfolio and are 
looking at some interesting things in NCR as well. 
 
Manish Gandhi: 
Yes. That's wonderful. And the last small one, any updates on Taloja. It's a 
big project, 7.5 million, so are we seeing to getting approvals for next year 
or something like that? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Mohit? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
There's a critical CP, which is pending in Taloja, which is the road access 
which we are working on with JVP. So unless that is done, we don't want to 
launch the project because that is a critical thing from a sales and 
marketing perspective. 
 
Manish Gandhi: 
Right. But do you expect to solve that problem next year? 
 
Mohit Malhotra:  
 I think the work is on, but acquiring land is not easy. So difficult to give a 
guidance, Manish. Frankly on this one. 
 

 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ankit Patel from L&T Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Patel: 
My question is around the debt the borrowing piece for the company right 
now. So what we can see is around INR 5,000 crore of gross debt and 
around INR 4,500-odd crore of cash. Could you throw some light in terms 
of how the borrowing program as you scale up now in terms of more fund 
deployment, say, INR 500 crore of run rate every quarter. How do you plan 
to space out the borrowing between different instruments? And how do you 
look at the borrowing side? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So for the borrowing, so like we have borrowing across various instruments 
like NCD,  commercial paper, bank borrowings. So these are the borrowing 
instruments and borrowing program, we keep running. So just to give you 
one thing is that ICRA recently upgraded on a borrowing program from AA 
long term to AA+. So that is on borrowing part. So we think that the 
borrowing should be in the ballpark in this range only, unless there is some 
good BD opportunity. Right now we are having QIP money to be deployed. 
So post that deployment, we may see a little bit uptick on the borrowing. 
Otherwise, for a normal working capital, we don't require because the 
projects are self-funded. So the borrowing should stay in this ballpark other 
than any BD requirement. 
 
Ankit Patel: 
Okay. And in terms of your outlook, in terms of the pricing, so your funding 
cost gone up by about 10 bps. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
It has to be  because I think the repo rate has gone up by 90 bps and 
obviously, the interest rates are on rise. . So you will also see a slight 
uptake on our borrowing cost. But obviously, it will not be linear to the repo 
rate. But yes, there will be impact on borrowing costs in the coming 
quarters. 
 
Ankit Patel: 
Okay. In terms of the repricing, that would have happened, what kind of 
impact would already have come in? And what do you expect is still. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
The impact is already there, like we were at 5.95%. And now for the 
quarter, we were at 6.04% so that impact of 9 bps has already been there. 
Obviously, going forward there will be some impact. Obviously, the CP 
markets and the bank borrowings, as the bank increases their rate, you will 
see those impacts. But how much is that impact will be known in the 
coming days because there are certain instruments which we have locked 
in for some more time for a longer period. So that impact would not be 
immediate. But yes, gradually, over a period of time, there will be some 
impact, but I would be saying that we like always, we would be the best in 
the market. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Jain: 
I wanted to know about the Pune market, even back in the current quarter 
despite any new launches, we have done sustenance sales of more than 
INR 300 crore. And I see that 7 new phases planned for the current year, 
what is our plan for BD in Pune given the kind of dominance we have 
acquired in such a short period of time? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. We've got, again, we've partnered with, as you know, we did 6 
projects in partnership with Solitaire in Pune. We've built a solid 
partnership. We're looking at possibly scaling up that partnership. We have 

 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
a deal in Pune also at a relatively advanced stage that we're hopeful of 
announcing this quarter. So I think, clearly, we have scaled up well in 
Pune. I think it's been a strong journey there over the last few years, and 
we want to build on that momentum. So across all 4 of these zones, I think 
business development is a significant focus. We have the appetite. We 
have the capital. I think there are interesting opportunities. So we really 
hope to have good announcements across all of these 4 zones. 
 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Alpesh Thakkar from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Alpesh Thakkar:  
Congrats for good set of numbers. First of all, Best Wishes to Mohit for 
future endeavors. My question is pertaining to FY'23 launches. If you look 
at our target launch, almost 34% of launches are expected in Bangalore. 
However, we don't see Bangalore contributing much this year. So are we 
seeing some major spillover in terms of launches to next year, especially in 
Bangalore market? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So again, I think the relative scale of each of these projects would also 
have to be looked at. But we do expect Bangalore to show very strong 
growth over last year. So it's not that we're not expecting good numbers 
from Bangalore. But if you divide this INR 10,000 crore into sort of 4 parts, 
we think zones like NCR and Mumbai are likely to do more than INR 2,500 
crore, and Bangalore probably would do a little bit less than that. But we 
certainly do expect a solid performance in Bangalore this year. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Manish Agrawal from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Agrawal:  
So my question would be if you could throw some light regarding your 
strategy of Tier 2 cities. So you have entered Sonipat, Nagpur. So are 
there more BD pipelines in the subcity? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think a couple of projects, you mentioned are plotted development. So we 
see interesting plotted development opportunities. We do think that's an 
interesting way to have a presence in the smaller markets. From a group 
housing perspective, we largely remain focused on these top 4 markets 
and might opportunistically look at 1 or 2 other markets that we have a 
presence in. But the vast majority of the focus will continue to be on 
Mumbai, Bangalore and NCR and Pune. 
 
Manish Agrawal:  
And would Hyderabad be a consideration? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we've been open to the Hyderabad market by providing we get 
the right sort of scale of opportunity to mark a large entry. I don't think we'd 
want to enter with a single project and slowly build up there. So really from 
a priority perspective, we think there's more than enough opportunity in 
these 4 markets to deliver even very rapid growth over the next few years. 
So that remains the number 1 priority. We will experiment with plotted in 
some of the Tier 2 cities and are open if we get the right portfolio of 
projects so looking at our Hyderabad entry. 
 
Manish Agrawal: 
Sure. And one question related to the P&L, which would be the projects 
which were recognized this quarter since the gross margin seems to be on 
the higher side. 
 

 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Rajendra Khetawat:  
So in this quarter, there was no OC which has received. It was more of our 
existing projects like Faridabad, Agrovet all those new sales, which has 
happened post OC, those are contributed. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Quick 2 questions on projects. So one on Ashok Vihar. How much have we 
paid now for the government and what is due there? So that's one and 
second one, if you can also answer is what's the status of Godrej Two in 
terms of leasing and operational. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat:  
So take around INR 450 to INR 500-odd crore to the government. And 
obviously, the payment plan is over the 8-year horizon. So 2 years 
installment has gone. So balance payment has to be made over 5 to 6 
years now. And in Godrej Two leasing, we have done around 35% leasing. 
And obviously, it will get leased in the coming quarters. There is a healthy 
pipeline, which we are talking. So as of now, we have done around 35%. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
And this is earning rent of now? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes. 
 
Abhinav Sinha:  
And what's the rent? What's the average? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Around 160. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
And total area is how much 1.1 million is it? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat:  
Yes. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. Sorry, going back on Ashok Vihar, it's not very clear. You said you 
have paid already INR 450 to INR 500. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes, 2 installments because there was the installments were spread across 
8 years. We have paid and balance installment will be in the coming years. 
So every year, there is an installment to be payable. So that's how  it was 
sprade over  the eight years. 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question and we will now close the 
question queue. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Prijosha Godrej: 
I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any 
further questions or would like any additional information, we'd be happy to 
be of assistance. On behalf of the management, I once again thank you for 
taking the time to join us today. Thanks, everyone. Bye. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Godrej Properties Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
