 
8th August, 2022 
 
1. Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001. 
2. Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051. 
 
Sub.: Q1 FY 2022-23 Financial Results Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Ref.: 1.  Regulation 30(6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
2. Scrip Codes : BSE - 500165, NSE - KANSAINER 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
This is further to the intimations done by the Company on 30th July, 2022,  
2nd August, 2022 and 3rd August, 2022 with respect to the Conference Call hosted by the 
Management of our Company on Wednesday, 3rd August, 2022 at 11:00 hrs India Time 
to discuss Q1 FY 2022-23 Financial Results of the Company. 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference call for your information and 
reference. 
 
 
For KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
G. T. GOVINDARAJAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Page 1 of 25

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT PAI – DIRECTOR FINANCE – KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. JASON GONSALVES – DIRECTOR CORPORATE 
PLANNING, IT & MATERIALS – KANSAI NEROLAC 
PAINTS LIMITED 
Page 2 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kansai Nerolac Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” and “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from 
ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Joshi! 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks Nirav. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q1 FY2023 results 
conference call of Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited. From the management side, we have with 
us today Mr. Anuj Jain, Managing Director, Mr. Prashant Pai, Director Finance and Mr. 
Jason Gonsalves, Director Corporate Planning, IT & Materials. Now I hand over the call to 
the management for the initial comments on the quarterly performance and then we will 
open the floor for question and answers. Thanks and over to you Sir! 
Anuj Jain: 
Thank you so much. Good morning  to everyone and greetings for a good day. Thanks for 
joining this call for call of Kansai Nerolac for Q1 of financial year 2022-2023. As you 
would have seen during the Q1 we recorded topline growth of 47.1%. Industrial growth is 
slightly higher than decorative growth. Inflationary trend continued with 7% further 
inflation what have seen in Q1 and in Q1 we have taken approximately 2% price increase. 
 
Just to give you some update last conference we spoke about what actions we are doing or 
taking in industrial and decorative so I am just taking the privilege to give you an update on 
those points as of now how we progressed, what actions we have taken, and where we are 
so in industrial we said that last year also we had an increase in market share and that trend 
continues and our challenge is basically to ensure better margin and therefore in addition to 
the efforts for price increase like last year we have taken approximately 18% price increase. 
Increase was not sufficient to mitigate the inflation because inflation was very high so we 
have been extending technologically superior product. Some products we mentioned last 
time like monocoat, medium to high solid and in addition now we have extended our range 
of tin free and energy efficient products. These are very high technology products which 
really helps customers in terms of their capex going down and energy efficiency or the 
consumption of the energy goes down so it is environment friendly and also it helps in 
terms of reducing the cost and increasing the productivity of the customers. Our salience 
have gone up in the Q1 because we are trying that how much we can shift to these products 
where there is an advantage and may be slightly the margin is also better. In performance 
coatings where again the margins are very, very low and we said that last time that we are 
increasing our focus towards high technology products where the margins are better so what 
we have done in the Q1 is that there were a lot of low end business where the margins were 
not there or hardly any margin so we exited approximately 10% of the business and we 
Page 3 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
shifted our focus to the premium item technology items in high performance coating and 
where the salient’s has gone up in the Q1. In coil coatings again there has been a lot of 
margin pressures and we were virtually selling at a very, very low margin or hardly any 
margin so there also we said that we will move towards higher margin products. In fact we 
have left almost 30% of our business which was not profitable and in appliance and the high 
technologies we started getting the approvals and  salience in the Q1 has gone up from 3% 
to almost 10% in coil coatings. In powder coating also where we have a good market share 
we are market leader but in the premium our market share is less so we said that we will 
increase our salience in the premium so in the Q1 our salience has gone up by 2%. It is not 
line with what we have targeted but still the trend is upward so this in case of industrial. 
 
In decorative, last time we discussed that what we are doing. One action was related to new 
brand expansion which was paint plus where we said that we will be launching 
differentiated products. In Q1 mica marble stretch and sheen  which was launched in Q4 of 
last year, we extended  the market and now it is available in All India. We introduced the 
Impression Kashmir in the Q1 and polyethylene enamel also was introduced. The second 
point we said we will add more and more products every quarter in premium and super 
premium category. Our market share is better relatively in economy and popular category 
but we are weak in premium so we said within our network because we have a strength of 
network and we have a relationship with our network so from our network we will attempt 
to increase our sale so with the introduction of these new products in the last two quarters 
our distribution growth for the super premium category is more than 50% in the Q1 and 
salience also has gone up. In terms of communication we were saying that we will increase 
communication through advertising and digital marketing focus and we will focus on paint 
plus which is the differentiation and Japanese technology and jingle which is very popular 
and in terms of our share of voice we will keep it around 15% approximately and we will 
participate in may be cricket again so in the Q1 we introduced campaign on pain plus with 
Japanese technology and jingle so that has been on air in the Q1 and our share of voice in 
the Q1 was a little higher than 15%. Another point was augmenting the market development 
structure to generate leads from size and influences so in Q1 we scaled up the field team. 
Most of the time has gone into recruitment but we have scaled up. Actually we have 
doubled our team and also the support system and we also started digital marketing program 
for leads in generation towards the end of Q1. The other point was that we want to do some 
good influence program with acceptance of Pragati app which we introduced for painters. 
That offers instant benefit which is the fastest in the industry so in the Q1 we have seen a 
high double digit growth increase in the participation of painters but we still have a gap in 
terms of getting share of wallet from the painters, but participation has increased. We also 
wanted to start secondary sale from the dealer counters. We started but we will have to 
bring it a meaningful conclusion. In distribution we had increased our team to open the 
direct distribution, dedicated team for opening the distribution and some new distribution 
models, so in Q1 our distribution growth is again in double digit high double digit and we 
Page 4 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
have put 50 preferred counters so these are like a kind of experience stores. We were weak 
in institutional business project business and last two to three years this business was 
growing at a faster rate so we said that we will focus on institutional business by increasing 
the reach so we extended our reach in the metros and tier one towns and extended our team 
there and in the Q1 we doubled our business in the project institutional business. 
 
The next part was the new business which includes construction chemical and premium 
wood finishes mainly in our case. Adhesives we do through Nerofix which is our 
subsidiary. It is joint venture subsidiary and we said that we want to achieve a salience of 
greater than 5%. Industry salience is higher but since we started late so we said the first 
milestone is that we should achieve 5%. In the Q1 we have touched the salience of 5% and 
obviously our first attempt was not to create any differentiation here. let us match the range 
of the market and see that how much we can sell through our existing counters so as of now 
approximately 30% of our existing counters have started selling our construction chemical 
so obviously we have to go forward but as of now this is the status. In these new businesses 
it may be very difficult to compare with some of the other companies or the industry 
because lot of new business is getting added. For example in construction chemicals there is 
a business called membrane business which is also quite a good business but we have not 
got into this business because when we started this we evaluated the entire range and we 
found that the margins are very low and we did not find it very futuristic product so we did 
not get into it. There are add mixtures which is also part of construction chemicals. In our 
industry many companies have started add mixtures. As of now we have not got into it 
because our first task was that the range which is related to the retail our first target is that 
how do we get our existing counters to sell our construction chemicals that was the focus so 
we can say that today whatever range is available in the market because every quarter the 
products are being added. Our matching range is around 70% and we do not have any plan 
to go to 100%. We will remain in 70% to 90%. When it comes to adhesives this is a part of 
our JV which is Nerofix and in the Q1 there the growth was more than 109% but on 
standalone result it will not be reflecting and so that is the status on the new businesses. 
 
We have a complete range of economic products for Soldier and Nerolac and there were 
certain gaps in the product range which we have completed. There are certain products in 
the economy category in enamels where the margins are very low and therefore as of now 
we have decided not to get into it but when we have completed our range of water based we 
have found that there is some cannibalization happening because when we introduced the 
economy range of products partly they need the sale of the higher range of product and 
therefore there is some drop in ASP. We also said that we will venture into services with 
five days painting  proposition so in the Q1 we started under the name of Next Generation 
Painting Services in six cities we have launched with the proposition of five days. As of 
now it is just a start and going forward when we will expand to other cities. So this is the 
update on what I said during the last conference. What else we did in the Q1 I will try to 
Page 5 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
cover.We focused a lot on the employee engagement the culture of collaboration and lot of 
activities has been done. We introduced in our company Life at Nerolac when people take 
pleasure they also enjoy the work and a lot of collaboration activities we are doing. Take 
care of the well being because the last two to three years the situation has been tough, 
COVID situation and people have gone through a lot of mental agony so we have focused 
on the well being and introduced some well being apps and initiatives we have done. This 
year we have given some extra salary increase to all set of employees to combat inflation,   
we also worked on developing the digital training plan for all managers. Earlier we used to 
do it on a selective basis but to upscale and rescale we have decided to go for all managers. 
Also we worked on the talent identification because as the industry situation is changing 
some kind of new talent is required so we relooked at the entire exercise of talent definition 
and identification. We went through the assessment of the talent and we made our action 
plan for the next few years. We also focused on innovation in the Q1 and we had our 
innovation day and lot of ideas have been generated in the area of product, business model, 
services and we have selected good good ideas which we are going to take ahead for the 
implementation in the coming time. We also spent lot of time in terms of meetings 
Personally I spent time  meeting customers in industrial, automotive, performance coating 
and the decorative market just to understand that how the changes are happening. Also we 
spent time with the vendors on a one-to-one meeting and I was privileged to meet many of 
you on one-to-one basis in the Q1. I think we had more than 20 meetings with the investors 
and analysts also. 
 
In terms of this ESG our company has done very well in the last two years but when it 
comes to the carbon emission we were looking at scope one and scope two but we have 
initiated the exercise of doing the inventorization of the scope three and putting the sign-
based target for carbon emission and also framing TCFD framework for us because in our 
parent company Japan it is mandatory. In India it is not mandatory but from the self 
regulation point of view this framework we also worked up on. In line with our plan we 
have finalized our three-year strategy for decorative and industrial that is also completed. 
The execution plan is made. In line of that we relooked at our capacity plan and their 
requirement and accordingly the actions are initiated so these are few other things which we 
did in Q1. There are few things which are not working in our favor as of now so one is 
putty where there have been no price increase in the last one to one and a half year.  There 
were high discounts in the market. The margins are very low so we will still continue our 
restricted approach in putty. Local versus upcountry means the tier one metro and tier one 
versus tier two, tier two, tier three and tier four so our contribution of sale is more from the 
lower tier towns and if we compare with the industry for metro and tier one our salience is 
low but the market growth is higher in metro and tier one so just for example even if we 
take the matching growth we have a disadvantage of lower growth because our salience is 
lower. Similarly in our business mix the project which is growing at a rapid rate so as I said 
that Q1 at least we are able to match the market growth a little better but again our salience 
Page 6 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
is just single digit or lower single digit while for the market it is double digit. So even if we 
for example if we are 5% and grow by 100% I will get 5%. If the market is 12% and grow 
by 100% they will get 12% so that salience difference will be there and also in the new 
businesses salience if our growth is okay but salience difference would be there and that 
will continue for some time so this is something which we feel it is not working in our favor 
and internally whatever actions are required we have taken. I realize that what we need to 
improve at our end is the speed to scale up because some of the things which we have done 
as of now the indicators are in a right direction, so we need to improve in terms of speed to 
scale up and also sustaining momentum of some of the launches and innovations what we 
are doing. This is internally what we feel that we need to scale it up. In terms of corporate 
financials you all have seen the result. The profit after tax was up by 37% so this is the 
initial commentary from my side. Thanks a lot for your patience in hearing and now I invite 
the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Dhruv from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv: 
Just a couple of questions. One is on the revenue mix? Can you take us through the mix 
which we have seen historically between industrial and decorative and within industrial 
what has been the mix of auto and non auto and what is the current mix and where do you 
see three years ahead given the growth uptake you see in the auto sector basically? That is 
my first question? 
Anuj Jain: 
The mix is generally like we have been saying around 55:45, 55 for decorative and 45 for 
industrial and within that it is about 70:30 auto and non auto and going forward three years 
obviously our plan is but today the opportunity is there in both the markets decorative and 
industrial so though the intention is that it goes in favor of decorative the salience should 
continue to go up but it depends that how market behaves in the next three years time 
because since we are strong in industrial part also if there is opportunity available we would 
not like to lose upon that. 
Dhruv: 
Thanks, and second is can you take us through the market share in both the segments? 
Anuj Jain: 
The market share is very difficult because generally what happens is that it depends that 
how many companies we consider but in decorative if we take only the listed companies the 
market share is around 9% to 10% and in automotive we have a market share in excessive 
of 50%. For the non auto it is very difficult because there are so many companies and there 
are so many segments so segment by segment you have to look at so therefore there it is 
very difficult to get into the market share. 
Page 7 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Dhruv: 
That I understand. Thanks. This is all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions did you spell out what is the 
volume growth in the decorative segment in the beginning? I missed that number. 
Anuj Jain: 
No I did not spell out so overall volume growth was higher double digit. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
When you say 18% you have taken price increases so it should be in the range of about 20% 
odd to 22%? 
Anuj Jain: 
More than 20% you can say. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is really helpful. Second you mentioned that you have taken 2% price increase and you 
mentioned that inflation is in the highs of 8% in the quarterback? Is that correct? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes 7% inflation in Q1 and we have taken 2% price increase. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So my question is that since all data points there that the crude is going to be slowing down 
and there are a lot of benefits which are going to come so just wanted to understand how are 
you running the supply chain? Right now we are using the high price inventory and that is 
why you have taken 2% or do you think you will have to take some more price increase for 
the products in the decorative? 
Anuj Jain: 
The price increase is something very recent phenomena towards the end of quarter and 
generally there is a lag, change in the crude should reflect in the derivatives and thereafter 
obviously we carry some inventory so there is a lag period. Having said that one we are 
looking at the inflation, we are looking at in totality. Last year there was a high inflation. 
Q1 also there is inflation and especially in industrial whatever price increase we have taken 
last year it was less in comparison to the inflation so obviously more price increase would 
be required. In decorative again there may be some possibility of further price increase a 
small price increase and then probably the next two to three months when the picture would 
be clear then we will be able to see whether further is required or not required but there is a 
possibility of further of further price increase. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay wonderful. On the industrial and auto have you experienced any price increases we 
have got? 
Page 8 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Anuj Jain: 
So when I said, see last year we have taken in industrial about 18% and when I say 2% 
price increase Q1 that is total. It includes industrial and decorative and price increase is 
relatively higher in industrial. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is helpful. My last question that you did elude saying lot of initiatives we have taken 
but just for the sake of monitoring what are the top two or three things because I am sure 
you have done the strategy for the next three years what are the top two to three things you 
would like to achieve in say the next two to three years? 
Anuj Jain: 
So if you are talking about the initiatives, you are talking about the initiatives or what? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Initiatives? 
Anuj Jain: 
So I think I spelled out. In business there are three things paint, putty and new businesses so 
obviously our first attempt is to see that in paint that we are matching or better than the 
market growth and for that the initiatives in terms of product, communication and 
influencer so that is the first priority. Whenever the right time how we can increase the 
discount and match up the growth and new businesses as I said that we will be launching 
the product but with are not looking at 100% so the first priority is to get to the market and 
over the market in paint based on the initiatives on product, communication and influencer. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So does this have the implication that you have any target that say for certain percentage of 
the new products should contribute to your revenue? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes. For the new products, for the participation, increase in painters, the extraction from the 
painter those targets we have and we are monitoring on a month-on-month basis. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay that is really helpful. Thank you Anuj and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Mihir: 
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a good set of numbers? 
Mr. Jain I just wanted to check with you on the quarter what was there any restocking at the 
dealers end as 4Q we have seen relatively lower sales so the dealers would have ideally 
have to stock up in the Q1 so any kind of a one off or a restocking that is there in the 
numbers in the Q1 sales? 
Anuj Jain: 
So what happens that when they stock less in the last quarter generally the pickup happenes 
in the first month of the quarter which is April but during the quarter it gets stabilized. 
Mihir: 
So we are like normalized sales? The run rate is normalized to these levels is what we can 
assume? 
Page 9 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes. 
Mihir: 
Got it. Sir secondly I wanted to check you mentioned the mix had improved so the volume 
growth should be much higher than 20% to 30% in my view right and what is the steady 
state mix impact that we should consider? 
Anuj Jain: 
 I said earlier also that what we are looking at this super premium category and what we are 
watching is that there because the growth in the market is better. Today also after the 
inflation we are seeing that in the premium category as of now market is still doing good 
and may be the impact is there on the consumers in the middle category or lower category 
so super premium category where our salience in relation to the market is lower that is what 
we are targeting with the introduction of all these products because whatever products I 
spoke about they are into the premium or super premium category. 
Mihir: 
No I was actually referring to the difference between the volume and the value mix? 
Historically the difference has been, earlier it used to be like 5%. In the recent years it was 
like 7%, 8%, and 9% so the difference between the volume number and the value number is 
a mix impact that I was referring to. Given that this quarter had a better mix, the mix impact 
would be lower so if you have grown your value by 47 and you have a pricing 18%, 19% or 
20% then your volume growth has to be far higher in mind that is what I was referring to? 
Anuj Jain: 
I do not know. What happens is that as I said that internally what we do we look at paint 
separately, new business separately, so if you see the last year the price increase in 
decorative was about say 20% to 21% and partly impact has come in say last year itself so 
typically if you see 16% to 17% change should be there and so the value and volume the 
gap should be around 16% to 18% if you keep from the only price point of view and if you 
are getting a higher growth than that then it is a change because of mix. 
Mihir: 
I will take this offline. Sir and on margins I wanted to see margins also are due to a better 
mix. We have seen a much better than expected margin this quarter so can one expect 
margins to bottom out as you eluded to some certain structural changes in the portfolio so 
this kind of a mix that we are seeing that with are seeing in this quarter may or may not be, 
can it be the similar mix going forward or you think that there is a possibility of margins to 
kind of go down in the next quarter or so just because we have seen a better mix this time 
around? 
Anuj Jain: 
So typically for the paint industry in the Q2 which is July to September the mix is different 
because in this period more of enamel, primer, distemper, and lower end product sales 
happen so generally we find that the mix for decorative especially in the Q2 is inferior to 
the Q1 and then Q3 it becomes better, but some of the changes what I spoke about in the 
industrial that would continue to work. 
Page 10 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Mihir: 
Got it. Thank you very much for this and all the very best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir I just had three questions. First on the decorative side, are you concerned that this 
quarter probably saw one time benefit from pent up demand due to the Omicron and with 
inflation with the fact what we are seeing globally is there a possibility that growth should 
start to slow down? Is that a concern that you would be worried about? 
Anuj Jain: 
No I am not very sure about the pent-up demand because you can say that in Q1 the growth 
is higher because last year May base was very low because last year May there was a 
COVID impact, the base was very low and now because it is normal market so it is 
normalized so to that extent obviously the growth of the Q1 is higher because of the low 
base. Now from this quarter onward it is a normal market growth so generally we have seen 
that paint industry has been growing in the range of double digit or may be bigger single 
digit growth volume so I think that trend we feel that should continue. The only additional 
factor this time could be because the last two years the Diwali was there in the month of 
November. This time Diwali is in the month of October so generally paint industry gets 
benefit if there is a longer Diwali period. This time it is a little shorter so we have to see the 
impact of that. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay Sir and the second part was I just wanted to kind of revisit the answer that you said on 
the pricing? If I look at current input cost levels would you say that the incremental price 
hike not just in decorative but also in industrial will be relatively low? The amount required 
will be much lower than what has already been taken as in the bulk of the price hikes are 
now behind us? 
Anuj Jain: 
In industrial we feel that we need more price increase so because last year inflation was 
there and I think we got may be just 40% to 50% of the price increase in the inflation so 
some more price definitely is required for us to better our margins. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay and Sir lastly you did elude towards a focus on more premium and more technology-
based products not just in decorative but also in our industrial portfolio? Does that have any 
impact on the royalty rate that we pay? 
Anuj Jain: 
No impact. 
Avi Mehta: 
So the royalty is essentially paid only on the products that are directly taken from only in 
the industrial side right Sir? I just wanted to clarify that part. 
Page 11 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Anuj Jain: 
Only on automotive on selective products. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect Sir. That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Ahluwalia from Invesco. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my first question is on ANP spends and from a longer-
term perspective do you think that we have been a little cautious and we have not spent 
enough and that is one of the reasons why our performance in the past has been a little bit 
below peers and secondly what is the outlook on the ANP spends going ahead? 
Anuj Jain: 
So we do agree that last few years that we had reduced the expenditure and we got impacted 
because of that and now we have taken a conscious call that we will be increasing our 
marketing expenditure. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
So as a percentage of sales is there anything that we are saying we are calling out? 
Anuj Jain: 
So I do not want to share the figure but as I said that if you see the last two to three years 
when we reduced our marketing expenditure our share of voice in terms of visibility has 
gone down substantially significantly. Now we are seeing may be around 14% to 15% share 
of voice, we will be maintaining even if the market intensity changes which means that if 
market intensity goes up because and the new competition is there so we will maintain so if 
the market intensity goes up this figure also will go up. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
Right but the margins have come off despite this lowering, I think because of the industrial 
and auto segment so you think that even with the higher ANP the recovery as you 
mentioned in the previous question there should be continuous improvement in margins 
going forward? 
Anuj Jain: 
Because as we discussed about this premium, super premium, the paint plus products and 
that is why the focus is more there because when we are going to increase our ANP 
expenditure and there are certain other initiatives required so we have to focus on the better 
mix so that we are able to balance it out. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
Thank you and just one last one. You said 55:45 the mix between decorative and auto and 
industrial? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
It should be more like 65:35 now right given that auto has been declining? 
Page 12 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Anuj Jain: 
No 55:45 closer to that. 
Aditya Ahluwalia: 
55 and 45 okay thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I just want to understand that in the context of say as you 
mentioned that we executed some of the low margin businesses on the industrial side. At 
the same time we are witnessing some slow down in the input price also so these two inputs 
logically says that there should be a sequential margin in improvement on the industrial side 
and since we executed some of the business so how should we see it is a balance between 
the growth in the industrial side and the margins going ahead? Any run rate, range or any 
qualitative color you would like to share on that aspect? 
Anuj Jain: 
So two parts. One that growth obviously in industrial and automotive side there is a 
momentum in the growth. The production growth is looking up. Two wheelers where the 
last year production growth of two-wheeler  were negative. Now it is into positive area but 
it is still not back to the pre COVID level but with the good monsoon there may be a 
possibility that after September there may be a further pickup of two-wheeler but we do see 
a good momentum to continue for the automotive demand. For margins as we discussed 
earlier also because margins have gone so low and obviously therefore there is a immediate 
requirement to increase the margins for which one is the price, other initiatives which I 
mentioned though the initiatives are taken to get it to a reasonable level. Margins are to be 
improved but as a strategy what is happening in the market some of the investments are also 
required so as we keep working on our margin improvement and then see that when it 
becomes more viable to do more initiatives so it will be a mix and match of both the things. 
Keyur: 
Okay but when you exited some of the businesses that will not have impact on the earnings 
growth since they were not profitable? 
Anuj Jain: 
So we are going little conscious on that in terms if you are saying top line growth obviously 
when we exit some business there will be some impact but the focus has shifted from that 
low profitable product to the better profitable product so over a period of time we intend to 
compensate that so that is what we are doing. 
Keyur: 
Okay Sir congratulations on a good result and thanks a lot and all the best for the future. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Subramaniam from Ampersand 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 13 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Arun Subramanium: 
Congratulations for a good recovery in Q1. One thing just wanted to get clarification from 
you is that you said you are more present in smaller towns and in tier one and that has kind 
of affected your market share trend in recent times so can you just give us a more granular 
sense of is your split and secondly what exactly you are looking forward in terms of the 
change in the next couple of years? 
Anuj Jain: 
Just to give you some rough example like if you see local towns versus up country town 
when I say local town wherever we have built up our office there mostly the A class towns 
our business would be a little less than 40% from the local towns and more than 60% from 
up country towns. While in terms of market split it would be 50:50 or may be tilted towards 
the local towns so to that an extent we have a disadvantage and all these big towns some of 
these things what I mentioned in terms of surveys and other initiatives project because 
project business institutional business is growing more in this local towns or the bigger 
towns so some of these initiatives over a period of two years should help us. 
Arun Subramanium: 
Understood and considering that you were launching your products in the more premium 
side so that typically should be used up in bigger towns so is your product strategy aligned 
to what you are looking at? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes it is aligned because there are two things. One that premium and super premium 
category but some of the differentiated products the features what we are launching we are 
trying to see that pricing is relatively affordable. I am just saying that if the same feature is 
available so that is our democratization of the product that is the same feature that is 
available in the market at Rs.100 whether you can make it available at Rs.90 and that is the 
technology we are working which are doing without impacting the margin but how do you 
format the product where the feature can be offered so some of these products goes very 
well in the urban markets or say local market but some of these products are also quite 
aligned with the requirement of up country markets. 
Arun Subramanium: 
Understood Sir I can see that your strategy as far as industrial is pretty clear and you are 
doing pretty okay out there except for this pricing volatility whereas in the last couple of 
years because of whatever reason you have been a little bit reactive in the decorative space 
and which probably has resulted in market share loss so can we say that now that phase is 
behind us and you will be doing much better in terms of your decorative? 
Anuj Jain: 
So I want to comment like this that yes we lost and we had our action plan and strategy 
some of things what I mentioned also but let me except it that market has become 
competitive and in the paint earlier paint was simple. It was only paint. Now there are so 
many elements. There is the Putty which was not there in the past which has lot of new 
businesses so comparison going forward will become very difficult. Internally what we are 
doing is that our core business is paint. Now in the water proofing, in the construction and 
Page 14 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
chemical whatever products which are becoming an integral part of the paint those products 
we are launching so internally we are quite focused on the paint and see that we make 
progress and some of the point what I mentioned given inputs about the Q1 there is a 
progress upward progress we are making but suppose tomorrow there are other new 
products are coming up which may not be planning. I am saying other new products in the 
new businesses which we may not be planning so then comparison with the industry peers 
will become very difficult. 
Arun Subramanium: 
Do you have the advantage or disadvantage of having your Japanese parent in this particular 
aspect which you are talking about? 
Anuj Jain: 
We have a big advantage because when we talk about the technology and the process I 
think that they add so much of value to us and they are very supportive so we are definitely 
doing all these things in consultation with them and we are very happy that with their 
inputs. 
Arun Subramaniam: 
Even products? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes because our parent company, they also have a lot of subsidiaries in many markets so 
we have an advantage in terms of getting access to that what kind of product even in this 
adjacent categories that what kind of trends so those inputs are there and through the parent 
of Japan or through their subsidiary we are able to get the access to the know how 
technology, product, and marketing trends. 
Arun Subramanium: 
Thanks a lot Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks Sir. I had a few questions. First was can you just elaborate on your distribution 
reach in the decorative paint segment what would be your distribution reach and how much 
distribution touch point you would have added say in the last quarter and last year may be? 
Anuj Jain: 
Last year our reach was around 27,000 to 28,000 total dealers when we ended the year and 
generally the growth in the last two to three years, last year probably it was around 7% to 
8%. In the COVID year the growth was very less and in Q1 the distribution has increased in 
the double digit little higher double digit so there is an improvement there. 
Ajay Thakur: 
And you continue with the same pace of distribution addition like around 7% to 8% or 
around 10% odd or you think you create much more headroom to grow given the fact that 
leader is present more like in one lakh plus kind of? 
Page 15 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Anuj Jain: 
We have good opportunity available good headroom. As of now the numbers have gone up 
and some of the activities but typically what happens is that you have to create demand and 
confidence in the trade and as it goes up then the numbers of distribution so that is like an 
outcome so all the activities the product influencer activities what I spoke about as we get 
success in that I think our momentum in terms of increasing our reach we will go up. It 
should go up. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Secondly wanted to check on the competition front? Can you just give us some brief color 
on how the competition actually is shaping the fact that we have new players coming in and 
also where are these competitions more kind of concentrated? Is it some kind of a 
geography vision where we are seeing more competition from these players or is it like they 
are broad based across India that we are seeing that new players where the competition 
actually has erupted? 
Anuj Jain: 
The companies who have already entered in the last two to three years they are now having 
a presence across the country. Some of the companies have entered in the last few years and 
specifically if you talk about Grasim going to enter in the next one to two years I think their 
plan whatever is available in the public domain they are also planning to be All India 
players but they may start with some specific market and over a period of time I think they 
will become All India players. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Okay and lastly on the industry growth in the paint segment  for this quarter how it would 
be given that we have very high number actually coming from most of the players so any 
sense or color on that front could help? 
Anuj Jain: 
Sorry I did not understand the question. Industry growth you are saying. 
Ajay Thakur: 
I am talking about industry growth in terms of the paint segment for both the industrial 
paints and the decorative paint segment? 
Anuj Jain: 
For Q1 you are saying. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Yes for Q1. 
Anuj Jain: 
Because many of the companies are yet to come out with the results so as of now we would 
not like to comment on that. Only once the results are out then probably we will have a 
better understanding. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Quite helpful. Thanks Sir. 
Page 16 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Sethi from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Sethi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the project business so this was not a 
focus for some of the players earlier say four to five years back but now even the market 
leader and you have been seeing strong traction in it so can you discuss the changes in 
terms of attractiveness of that business for you to focus more on it? 
Anuj Jain: 
So in the past we were not very focused because how many directions you want to go and 
how do you spread your wings but I think today the growth in certain market and the 
project business because it is penetrating in more and more cities. The number of cities are 
getting expanded so virtually I can say there is no choice. It is important to remain in this 
particular business. The discount in this business is higher and therefore the margins are 
lower. The only thing is that this business is more of emulsions and putty probably enamel 
distemper is not much there so to that an extent some mix advantage but overall the margins 
are lower in the project business. 
Aniket Sethi: 
Okay got it. Second on a broad basis what would be the margin difference between your 
decor and industrial segment and the bridging between the two will be more price lead 
which you were eluding sometime before or it will be done through more of new launches 
in the industrial segment. 
Anuj Jain: 
Prashant you want to answer this question. 
Prashant Pai: 
So the difference at EBITDA level is in the range, it is 8% to 10% more than that the 
difference between decorative and industrial and the improvement in margins will happen 
from introduction of new products and technological superior products. 
Anuj Jain: 
And also the price. 
Prashant Pai: 
And price increase. 
Anuj Jain: 
The difference is quite large now in decorative and industrial and so these are few of the 
actions which will probably see that whatever amount can be bridge. 100% it cannot be 
bridged. 
Aniket Sethi: 
Understood and lastly if you can highlight the capacity utilization for the two segments and 
what will be your capex requirements? That is it thank you. 
Anuj Jain: 
65% was the capacity utilization in the Q1 and we announced some capacity expansion just 
to support the growth objectives what we have. 
Page 17 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Aniket Sethi: 
How should we model the capex for the next two years? 
Prashant Pai: 
So right now you must have seen we have actually approved two projects both in 
decorative. For industrial and automotive we have capacity for the next two to three years 
so as and when required we will definitely expand because we have got infrastructure for 
Brownfield expansion both for industrial production so that is not a concern at all. As far as 
decorative is concerned the commissioning period is not as large as industrial so we will be 
able to scale up at any point of time so there is no problem on capacity. 
Anuj Jain: 
So these two new projects what we have announced it will happen over a period of next 25 
to 30 months and that is an investment of how much Prashant. 
Prashant Pai: 
Rs.290 Crores. 
Anuj Jain: 
Rs.290 Crores of what we announced so Rs.290 Crores plus your regular capex for the year. 
Aniket Sethi: 
Fine got it Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just trying to understand your margins so this quarter 
has been a significant jump from 7% in Q4 to about 13% in Q1 and large part of it is 
because of the operating leverage of the higher Q-o-Q sales? There is also some amount of 
improvement in gross margin but our gross margins are still significantly below historic 
average so just looking into the future for a few quarters how do we sort of build in the 
margins assuming that the input costs stay where they are? You have already got some 
benefit from premiumization? You have already taken price increases? May be a little more 
will come in the auto segment so shall with say that this 13% margin will now stabilize in 
the range of about 14% to 15% unless the input costs fall further? Is that a fair assessment? 
Anuj Jain: 
Overall year basis and quarter basis there is a difference because every quarter there is a 
change in the business mix and the product mix as I just mentioned little while back that in 
the coming quarters for the paint industry the mix is supposed to be inferior compared to 
distemper so that also will effect and also as I said that some of the activities what with are 
working upon that will help in the margin improvement but we do have some of the points 
which are pending in our strategy where as I said in some of the areas where we are still 
restricting because as of now when we want to get a profitable growth you have to balance 
it out so as we improve margins  and we find that our capacity to spend on those areas goes 
up so that would happen so it will be a mix and match of that so difficult to give you an 
answer but yes last year also we said that our margins are already in the lower side so I 
Page 18 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
think we have improved. We will continue to improve but improvement and investment will 
go hand in hand to see that we are able to balance between the topline and the bottom line. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So as you mentioned there is a seasonality because of product mix being different so if I 
basically look at this point of product mix difference between quarter-to-quarter, Q1 
margins versus the full year margins they would be higher or lower in a normal year? 
Anuj Jain: 
Actually I do not want to talk about that but as I said that I think we have improved. We 
will improve but then there are certain  investment also would be required so I leave it to 
your guess but it may be closer to this. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir I am not asking for guidance for this year or next year? I am just saying in the past 
historically speaking the product mix impact has been sort of highest in which quarter in 
terms of which quarter has the best product mix and which quarter has the worst mix? That 
is all I want to know? 
Anuj Jain: 
So the product mix is better in Q1 and Q3. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay understood Sir. That is all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Thank you Sir and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir my question is related to 
the industrial paint segment? You had mentioned in the presentation last quarter that is a 
key player in the electric vehicle segment and you have also mentioned that we have 
strategized a three year plan in terms of having our strategy built around the paint division 
that with have on the industrial side so can you elaborate a bit more on what the strategy is 
and how we will be able to leverage our parent products in the EV side so any broad color 
on that would be helpful? 
Anuj Jain: 
By and large what we said is like now since there is a trend of electrical vehicles. As of now 
the percentage is very low but over a period of time this percentage will increase so the 
product and the system what is required is available with us and most of the customers 
because in the electrical vehicles now there are existing players who are in the traditional 
two-wheeler business where they have their paint shop but the new players are getting 
painting outside so those are like ancillaries and they are also our customers so our 
customer base is good. The product is readily available so as and when this scale up 
happens that we are there. We are available with our service and with our product like that 
so this is related to EV if your question is only specific to electrical vehicles. 
Page 19 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir not just EV but if you can elaborate a bit more and on what we actually are strategizing 
with respect to growing on the industry side if you can? 
Anuj Jain: 
So industrial because this automotive market share is high and there in fact we have a very 
strong market share in Japanese players and today there is a good growth happening in the 
Indian players also the EV manufactures so there we are going aggressive and we are 
working on the technology that like there was a question earlier the help from our parent so 
there are a lot of technology advantage which we have in this industry which is like for 
example  we introduced three coat one bake. Now for the baking also there is a particular 
temperature. Now we are working on reducing the temperature so that the energy 
consumption keeps going down at the customer end that helps in terms of cost, that helps in 
terms of environment, and that also helps in terms of increasing the productivity so all those 
areas we are working to keep our mode or competitive advantage in the automotive. The 
second part is auto refinish where are our market share is very low less than 5%. The size of 
the market is good and there the margins are better so we are working to see that how do we 
increase our salience of auto refinish because that will also help us in keeping the margins 
in the auto and in the non industrial areas as I said that our focus is not completely shifting  
but largely shifting from the low end to high end and therefore we have created a structure 
and getting into the approvals and fortunately we are getting approvals so these are the 
actions which will help to make a good place in the areas which are growing and which are 
profitably growing. 
Archit Joshi: 
Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar from iThought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. The first question 
on the ANP expense, a few years ago we increased our ANP expense say for FY18-19 
saying that first that first you increase the mind share and then you convert the mind share 
to market share which we were not able to do in FY2021-FY2022. Now that you want to 
know you will increase your ANP expense again what will be the strategy going forward in 
dealer network because the largest player I think they have doubled or at least they have 
increased their retail touch points. They are not exactly the dealers but they have increased 
by 50% and next two years say we increase our ANP spends and by then have entered the 
market in decorative so what would be our strategy going forward in distribution and 
specifically the dealer network? 
Anuj Jain: 
So in those years when we increased our marketing expenditure our focus was more in 
terms of enhancing the mind share and we got advantage. I think three years we gained 
market share in that period and when you are saying that converting the mind share to the 
Page 20 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
market share that opportunity happens from the dealers and the influences so I think most of 
the activities what we are talking about the marketing activities and influencer activity in 
that particular direction so on one side you have to maintain your salience that is why we 
are not talking very aggressive in terms of share of voice, maintain the share of voice so that 
you are able to maintain your mind share which is strong number to as of now and 
concentrate on the activities that basically convert the mind share to the market share so that 
is first part. When you talk about the new competition I think because generally what 
happens in this market ultimately for good business you have to create a good distribution 
and you have to create a good demand for which it is important is that you should have a 
brand which we have and then you have to create the distribution and support the 
distribution with the painter and that is like hard activities which people will have to do so I 
think we have an advantage there and if any new company comes in they have to do this 
activity to build the distribution and to build the contacts with the influencer. It takes it own 
time so by that particular time how much work we are doing and how do we expand. I think 
that we will be more focused on that, that how do we speed up all these things and get the 
advantage. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
My concern was on the growth rate say the Asian Paints is growing at 20% to 25% CAGR 
in its retail touch point but we are guiding for 7% to 8% or early double digits so I see this 
backwards so is that something to be worried about or you will change that going forward? 
Anuj Jain: 
That is what I am saying that probably in the earlier years it was very simple because paint 
versus paint. Now it is not paint. There are so many things which are getting added. So as I 
said earlier that the focus remains on the paint and the integral part of the paint so that is 
what we will be seeing and over a period of time then if there are some other products 
where the market is created because typically in any industry it happens that if there are 
new categories coming in so the leader takes the initiative and they create the market and if 
their market is lucrative may be one can decide that you want to participate but at this stage 
I think it is focus for us to see that in the paint areas which has been our core business and 
whatever weakness we have had in the past we come out of it. That is our focus area. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay Sir thank you and second on capital allocation so you said that our YouTube is at 
65% and we are putting up capex in decorative which will take 24 to 30 months that is also 
the time Grasim will take to come to the market so there will be a lot of supply coming in 
the decorative space so would it not make sense for us to get aggressive in industrial space 
and put up new capex there rather than decorative there where there is a lot of competition 
coming? Just wanted to hear your thoughts on that? 
Anuj Jain: 
So industrial in fact we have already created a capacity and there a lot of scope for 
Brownfield expansion is there and as and when whatever demand we are able to foresee I 
think we are covered in terms of the capacity. We are fully covered up because that is our 
Page 21 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
one core area and we are fully covered up. In fact in the last two years we have created a 
dedicated capacity for non automotive industrial things also so we are fully covered up 
there and this capacity what we are adding is mainly in the water base because water base 
generally the market growth also is in double digit if you see the last three years to four 
years and that will continue so even if you see the normal growth rates so obviously we do 
this calculation when you want to expand your capacity that what is the normal growth, 
what can go plus or minus, and then based on that calculation we feel that the capacity is 
required and as I said that we are committed to this decorative business also based on 
whatever initiatives we are taking and has the time demands probably whatever changes are 
required to be done in that and therefore to support that this capacity expansion is required. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And given the competition in decorative are we seeing higher aggression from say players 
who are in industrial or Berger getting aggressive in this new space? 
Anuj Jain: 
It is difficult to comment upon, may be possible but I think industrial is a core business and 
some of the things that I spoke about I think we are also planning to go you can say 
aggressive because there are opportunities in the nonautomotive area where I said that this 
segment by segment. The only thing is that we want to remain focus on the profitable 
segment rather than the lower profitable segment because in the decorative market when the 
competition intensity goes up there may be a possibly that the margin structure may change 
and that time if we are able to build our business in the industrial in the better profitable 
segment I think we will be able to balance it out. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is Kansai Japan in their presentation in the 
month of May have given a guidance of 18% growth for their India business revenue 
growth and if I were to look at this quarter’s performance in the turn assume certain growth 
for the rest of the year it seems that you should be able to grow 20% plus in revenue terms 
so can you please help us understand what goes into the guidance and forecast of the parent 
for the India business? 
Anuj Jain: 
Prashant you want to answer this question. 
Prashant Pai: 
Clearly we do not give any guidance. We do not make any forward-looking statements so 
generally you are a better person to judge how the industry is moving right and you know 
the growth is happening. We believe going forward the growth is good but we will not 
Page 22 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
make any statement of any percentage increase or something so we will move in line or 
slightly better than the paint industry that is what I can say. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
No my question of Kansai Japan India presentation gives a guidance for India business is 
that the sort of target that the board sets for you? Is that the guidance that you will give to 
they disclose to their investors because I feel there is a disconnect right? If the parent is 
giving a guidance for India business then that should be some disclosure where the India 
entity also for India based investors or at least some explanation that there is constant 
currency guidance or whether there is a currency guidance? 
Anuj Jain: 
So basically what happens we have this system of having midterm plan three-year midterm 
plan which we internally have with the Kansai Paint Japan and those numbers have been 
given to them based on which they have given their guidance, but that was done some time 
back. After that, some price increase also happened  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
That is helpful, but is it local currency or is it in the Japanese currency? Will there be 
currency adjustment or it will be local currency growth? 
Anuj Jain: 
It will be in the Japanese currency. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So there is another element of currency assumptions that are done by them based on the 
numbers which we are seeing from this? 
Anuj Jain: 
I asked a very different question. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Sorry I asked a very? 
Anuj Jain: 
A very different question. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood. The second question is in last year most of the year the industry is at least base 
quarter industrial and the mix was ballpark 60:40  and this time it is 55:45 so the basic sort 
of calculation tells me that decorative business growth would be somewhere in the range of 
35% Y-o-Y and industrial would have grown at 60% Y-o-Y in this quarter? is that 
understanding correct? 
Anuj Jain: 
No so basically 55:45 was the mix even in the last year 1% or 2% here or there. Generally 
we maintain that 55:45 and that is for the last year and the growth of like total growth is 
around 47%, industrial is slightly higher. Decorative also is more than 40%. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood and helpful. My final question is on margins? In FY2020 in the first half before 
pandemic your overall EBITDA margin was in the range of 17% to 18% and right now with 
this quarter we are at 13% Based on your earlier commentary the gap between decorative 
Page 23 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
and industrial is about 800 basis points so on the back of the calculations suggest that your 
decorative business EBITDA margin would not be more than 300 basis points lower than 
where you are in a normalized environment 10 years back so is that understanding correct 
that bulk of the margin improvement from here on that is the contingent on recovery in the 
industrial coatings and industrial coatings could be probably 800 to 900 basis points lower 
in terms of EBITDA margin versus what you are doing in FY2020? Is that the right math in 
understanding ballpark? 
Anuj Jain: 
So I will not comment on the mathematics of what you have used but understanding is 
correct that may be in the decorative margin the recovery to the level of pre COVID level is 
good and industrial there is a gap so in the future the recovery is dependent on the 
industrial. In that understanding you are right. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And reasonable to assume that decorative margins your performance may be better if not 
comparable than the peers and that business partly because we have leverage ANP lever 
more given that there was more room also to leverage that and then I look at your FY2022 
ANP expenses is 3.6% of sales versus 5% in FY2020 so I am assuming that your decorative 
EBITDA margin performance will be better than the peer and better than industry? 
Anuj Jain: 
Or closer but yes it is. Two things. One is this and the other is the mix. We believe our mix 
is better so yes. You are close to; it is right I do not know but yes somewhere you are right. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
That is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir I just want to understand that in context of our 
guidance of growing paint which has at least in line of faster than the industry growth and 
same for the new businesses and investing in distribution or communication and influences 
so in that context how should we see a profitability because on the other side the 
expectation is that the RM prices are softening so to boost the growth in the balance 
between growth and margin with the falling prices should be improved on a trend basis 
improving margins from here and this is baring say the seasonality on Q-o-Q movements so 
I am saying as a trend line should we improve in the margins or as we are investing in 
future growth we should see some softness in the margin? 
Anuj Jain: 
So I think this question I tried to answer earlier also so but we are working upon is that how 
do we make our margins better in the where the margins are lower. Wherever the inflation 
is there how do we take more price increase and also we are conscious of our strategy and 
Page 24 of 25

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
August 03, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
therefore that when margins are improved some of the investments will happen so we are 
going to balance it out. 
Keyur: 
Sure noted. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi for closing 
comments. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks Nirav. On behalf of ICICI Securities we thank the entire management team of 
Kansai Nerolac Paints for the wonderful discussion and now I hand over the call to the 
management for the closing comments. Thanks and over to you. 
Anuj Jain: 
Thank you everyone for attending this call and it was very happy to discuss the matter with 
you and always your questions are most welcome and they give us some good insights so 
thank you so much and I want to comment again on Kansai Japan we are getting a very 
good support and help from them. We are working with the good collaboration and in terms 
of the technology, the new product trend, and the strategy a lot of work is happening 
together and I hope that we see a better and brighter future. Thank you all of you to attend 
this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 25 of 25
