 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 8, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip ID: BSOFT 
Scrip Code: 532400 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: BSOFT 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department
 
 
Subject: - 
Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 3, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings call of the Company held on August 3, 2022. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings, under the head – 
Quarterly Reports  Earnings Call  Transcript.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Birlasoft Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sneha Padve 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Birlasoft Limited's Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHARMENDER KAPOOR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. 
CHANDRASEKAR 
THYAGARAJAN 
– 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ROOP SINGH – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. SHREERANGANATH KULKARNI – CHIEF DELIVERY 
OFFICER 
MR. ARUN RAO – CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER 
MR. VIKAS JADHAV – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Birlasoft Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. There will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav from Birlasoft. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening to everyone. This is Vikas from investor relations team and 
joining us on this call, we have our CEO and MD, Mr. Dharmender Kapoor, DK as we call him; 
CFO, Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan, Chandru as we call him; Mr. Roop Singh, our Chief 
Business Officer; Mr. Shreeranganath Kulkarni, SK as we call him, our Chief Delivery Officer 
and we also have Mr. Arun Rao, our Chief People Officer. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from Mr. Kapoor. Please note that anything that 
we say on this call on the company's outlook for the future is a forward-looking statement and 
must be read in conjunction with the disclaimer mentioned in our Q1 FY23 Investor Update 
which has been sent to you and also uploaded on the stock exchanges. 
With this, I now hand over the call to DK. Over to you, DK. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Thank you, Vikas. Good evening, and welcome to Birlasoft Q1 FY23 Earnings Call. 
We have begun the new financial year on a steady note. Q1 revenue was at $148.6 million, 
registering a sequential growth of 1.5% and a YoY growth of 15.8%. Sequential growth in 
constant currency terms was at 2.3% and YoY constant currency growth was at 17.7% for Q1. 
New deal momentum continues to be good with wins of $112 million in Q1, which is up by 19% 
on a YoY basis. The total TCV wins were also healthy at $185.1 million. EBITDA margin stood 
at 14.7%. We have seen margin getting impacted due to high cost hiring and mid and junior level 
promotions, drop in utilization, investments and were aided by rupee depreciation. 
We have switched to reporting attrition, which is more in-line with the industry and factors early 
attrition. The good news is that we have seen a drop in our LTM attrition number, which fell 
from 29.4% in Q4 to 27.9% in Q1, a drop of about 150 bps. However, needless to mention, it 
still remains elevated and we expect to see a further drop going ahead, which will help support 
margins going ahead. 
Our PAT stood at $15.5 million and was up 0.7% YoY and down 12% QoQ. INR PAT was at 
Rs.121 crores, up 6.2% YoY and down 9.2% QoQ. 
In verticals, the growth was led by BFSI and manufacturing verticals; BFSI saw a growth of 
5.1% QoQ and 17.9% YoY, while manufacturing was up 2.8% QoQ and 22.4% YoY. 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Horizontal growth was led by business & technology transformation services with high growth 
of 7.4% QoQ and 20.7% YoY. It clearly shows that slowly and surely we are becoming an 
enterprise digital company and our revenue around digital is growing faster than the traditional 
services. 
Growth continues to be driven by larger accounts with Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 customers 
growing at 16.5%, 22.7% and 21.0% on a YoY basis respectively. 
Our YoY customer count of 5mn+ revenue improved by 3 and that of 1mn+ improved by 5. 
Active customer count remains steady at 300. 
The headcount at end of Q1 stood at 12,565 and saw an addition of 361 professionals QoQ, and 
an addition of 1,057 professionals on a YoY basis. We have hired 280 freshers in Q1 and plan 
to hire 500 freshers in Q2. 
Birlasoft continues to get various recognitions. It was named again as a top-15 sourcing stand 
out by ISG and among the leading providers in the Booming 15 category globally, as well as for 
the Americas region based on annual contract value won over the last 12 months. This is the 
ninth consecutive time that Birlasoft have been featured across name category by ISG. 
During the quarter, Birlasoft adopted RISE with SAP to transform its global landscape on the 
cloud. With enterprises adopting a cloud first strategy, this move will enable Birlasoft to 
accelerate their clients transformation journey substantially. Most of the clients today are already 
looking at modernizing their ERPs, especially SAP and SAP on RISE is definitely a promising 
one, and we are very happy that we are the first few who have moved to RISE and I think that 
will help us go and take those opportunities in the market very confidently. 
In conclusion, I would reiterate that the IT demand outlook over the next three years looks 
healthy despite some of the recession challenges. However, opportunities are multi-fold 
especially in digital and cloud ecosystem, which augurs well for Birlasoft. We continue to 
remain optimistic and are well positioned on capitalizing the growth opportunities. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
DK, I think the Q4 results has come late on 24th of May and during that day, we were bullish 
both in terms of near-term growth as well as for FY23 kind of a growth. We were also expecting 
utilization to remain more or less stable. On all these counts, looking at the 1Q results again 
being soft, where are we going wrong in terms of execution and even predicting the near-term 
earnings visibility? 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Thank you, Sandeep. No, I don't think that we are going wrong anywhere, but I think there are 
a few reasons that are to be looked at considering the situation that is there. I think the first big 
reason was that there is a delayed start on couple of engagements that we have won in the 
previous quarter. It is not part of the wins that we have there, because one of the wins actually 
is part of the wins that we have shown, a part of $185 million. But the client wanted to start in 
Q1, but they delayed it because they are into a merger situation and they decided to delay it by 
a quarter. So, that revenue that we thought earlier would start flowing in did not come. Similarly, 
there is another deal that we have won, but there again it was a delayed start where client wanted 
to wait for some time and they did not want to go for that in Q1. It will get closed in Q2 and 
some revenue will start coming into Q2. So, that also impacted the Q1 revenue. These are the 
two engagements that are the large customers for us, one of them is a new customer, large 
engagement, but second is an existing customer, again, a large engagement, which is where we 
could not get the revenue that we thought and it was part of the plan. And it is primarily due to 
the transformation that they are doing or undergoing in their organizations and they took more 
time than what we thought they will be able to do that. So, that is one challenge that was there. 
Second, as I said in the previous quarter, there is going to be a revenue normalization for us in 
one particular vertical for the two quarters. We took that normalization first-hand in the previous 
quarter and the second was in this quarter, that was a planned one and that is also the another 
normalization that happened. Third, there is a little bit of supply constraint that continues to 
happen. Despite that, we are seeing lesser attrition, but at the same time for every organization, 
the joining ratio dropped during this time. You would have seen some of the reports where there 
are regrets with the new joinees, have they joined the right place and will that fit into their 
scheme of things or not. We have seen that ratio dropping a little bit and that also had an impact 
because when you do not get those people join in time, you end up not getting the revenue that 
you planned for. So, these are the three reasons. The reason I say that there's nothing wrong is 
because the wins wise I continue to see that the wins are happening. I continue to see that the 
clients who planned for the programs, they continue to come and sign the contract with us. So, 
there also is no slow down as of now. While I know that we continue to hear the constraint, 
continue to hear the recession fear, and that probably becoming more and more as the time 
passes. But I believe that it will be clearer in the Q3 for us. The projects that we are doing today 
are happening, except in a couple of cases where there is a delay, but the delay is not for the 
recession reasons, it is actually for their own transformation program of integration post-merger 
that has given them a little bit of delay in starting those projects. 
Sandeep Shah: 
But this we were not knowing on 24th May where we were already two months in the quarter for 
the Q1 as a whole. It has been a surprise for all three elements being used for post 24th of May. 
Moderator: 
Audio was not very clear. Sandeep Shah, can you please repeat your question? 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the explanation. So, what I'm asking me is all these three reasons which you have 
said was not known on 24th of May when we were already two months into the quarter? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
We actually started some discussions and plans already considering that the discussion on the 
contract will get finalized in a week or two weeks and we never knew that it will not begin. In 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
fact, that is what has actually hit us on the utilization as well. When that gets delayed, it hits your 
utilization and it increases your bench because we had hired the people to go ahead and start 
working on the project. So, no, it was not clearly known, but we had already started, then we 
had to scale back because the discussion with the client was that we will have to move it by a 
few weeks before we start these engagements.  
Sandeep Shah: 
DK, can you update about your FY23 outlook? Both in terms of US dollar revenue growth and 
on EBITDA margin for FY23 versus last time you said both will surpass what we have done in 
FY22 because even to achieve a 15% growth in US dollar terms, we have to do 4.8% 
compounded QoQ growth rate in the next three quarters which looks stretched (Inaudible 
14:36). And then I have a follow up question for Mr. Chandru just on the DSO. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
I think we are continuing with the goals that we took in the beginning of the financial year. There 
is no change in our internal plans that are there for the growth perspective. We have not changed 
anything and we continue to push aggressively on how we go and meet the objectives and the 
goals that we set for ourselves. Right now, we are not scaling down anything from the goals 
perspective. On the margin side also, while there are going to be more headwinds during the Q2, 
as you know that we will have to give the increments, there are some of the levers that we are 
already working on so that we remain at least a flat or do a little better than what we have done 
in Q1. So, that's the plan that we do. It is a steep improvement that we want to bring in. There is 
a huge amount of focus on improving our margins. At least for Q2, I would like to remain flat 
or improve a little bit on top of that, but then in Q3, there are other productivity levers, and all 
that will kick in, and probably we will improve in Q3 and Q4 again, so that we deliver more than 
15%. This quarter came with a significantly higher headwinds for a simple reason that we did 
not get the revenue that we thought as I explained earlier whereas we had taken the cost already. 
There was a little bit of disappointment in the delays that we saw but we are not seeing this with 
the other clients. So, it is not too widespread, it is only focused on one or two clients. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Last question to Mr. Chandru on the DSO, if I look at the absolute increase in US dollar DSO is 
$2.3 million, while your debtor increase is as big as $7.2 million and including unbilled, the 
increase is $11.3 million and we have reported a flat DSO on QoQ. So, I'm confused how these 
calculations are arrived at? 
C Thyagarajan: 
Firstly, the DSO is billed DSO. So, to that extent, the calculation is correct, because DSO is 
obviously a function of the rolling three months, debtors as a function of the rolling three months 
revenue, right? So, the DSO number is correct. To your question on absolute increase in DSO, 
there are two parts to it. One is of course, the forex translation difference cost about 45% of the 
increase, and the balance 55% was the real increase in the absolute number of the billed 
receivable coming from the increase in revenue that we've seen over the past two quarters. So, 
in essence, therefore, the DSO number of 58 is in relation to the receivables as a function of the 
average revenue. Now, our unbilled also in real terms has gone up, but if you look at it as a 
percentage to revenue it is still staying flat on a QoQ basis. So, two metrics that we watch fairly 
closely. Let me also tell you that there were two clients that delayed payment, the payment 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
actually came on the second of July versus the last week of June. That could have actually 
reduced my DSO from 58 down to 55. But it does happen sometimes, right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Hi, DK, a couple of questions. First, if I look at your other expenses, that have seen a significant 
increase of 10%. So, what has gone in the other expenses line item? 
C Thyagarajan: 
The other expenses have a couple of components. One is the subcontractor payout that still 
accounts for a big portion of the other expenses. While we've seen a marginal reduction in 
subcontractors because we've started to replace them with regular employees, we still have to 
accelerate that bit as we are able to get more people, more regular resources deployed against 
subcontractors both onsite and offshore, primarily onsite. So, that is one area. Two, also as part 
of our growth strategy, we continue to invest in the newer areas. One of the things is around 
hiring talent, hiring capability. Some of the cost of hiring goes into the other expenses, while the 
resources themselves are part of the salary expenses. We continue to look at the cost of hiring 
staying where it is. While we spoke about reduced attrition, we are also ramping up for additional 
growth in the coming quarters, like DK spoke about. So, that that gets accounted for. And the 
third item that gets accounted here is that we have engaged third-party to work with us on our 
billion-dollar strategy and that also a set of cost that we've been incurring for our growth as we 
spoke about the investments that we continue to do. So, that's the third item. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Would it be possible to call out the one-off expense in this quarter, consulting charges that is 
paid, which will probably not get repeated in the next quarter? 
C Thyagarajan: 
Shradha, there are some ongoing costs that will come for the next three to four quarters. To be 
honest with you, there will be some repeat costs which we will incur in the second quarter as 
well. In that sense, I wouldn't call it one-off. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Sir, you mentioned that sub-contractor expenses are high, but if I look at that number, it was 
almost 15.8% of our revenue last quarter. Is it possible to give out the percentage number for 
this quarter so that we know where directionally are we headed? 
C Thyagarajan: 
I will get back to you on that, Shradha. Give me some time. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And sir, a related question is your other unallocable expenditure, that item remains very high at 
almost 10% of revenue. What basically goes into that line item? 
C Thyagarajan: 
Yes, I'll come back to both of these questions. I'll get the answers while we work through the 
rest of it. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
DK, to you, our cloud services, though we have been talking very positively on this service line, 
but that saw a decline in this quarter. So, how do we read that? And also, the deal TCV number 
was soft on a QoQ basis. 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
On the cloud side, one of the work that is going on, on the strategy for a billion dollar. One is 
actually around the cloud. In fact, with the cloud, we are seeing a significant traction. So, little 
bit of up and down in the quarter, I don't think that should be seen as a trend because with the 
cloud, we are going to definitely grow significantly higher than the rest of the traditional 
services. You would have seen, now we have joined hands with Google also. And after that, we 
made two wins as well, along with Google and there is a significant amount of focus to set up a 
new GTM keeping in mind the partners with Microsoft as well as with Google and AWS. So, 
on the cloud side, I am absolutely upbeat that the revenue for us is going to grow. In fact, if we 
look at, even today, we are very much at par with what we see with the industry. But being a 
smaller company, we see the upside potential in a big way and we will continue to work on that. 
And the spend that we're doing on the strategy, actually, good part of that spend is on the 
direction of really increasing our revenue in the cloud and associated areas. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
On the deal TCV numbers though on a YoY basis it's up, but we have seen some softness on 
both new deals and renewals on a QoQ basis? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Correct, because it is not just cloud, because in that bucket it is the cloud plus the base services. 
So, one of the engagements I talked about that got delayed, so we have won large deal, that we 
could not finish the contracting at that point of time and the client wanted to go through a little 
longer process with an advisor. So, it took time. That actually was going to be in the base services 
and that will be followed by cloud, but that will come later. So, if that was going to be there, our 
percentage could have been higher in the QoQ base as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
DK, you mentioned about the two engagements which got delayed in this particular quarter. If 
you could quantify them, and how should we see these accounts ramping back? And the second 
was on the Europe. We saw quite a sharper contraction in Europe. So, how should we read this 
and what is leading to this contraction in Europe? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
If you look at these deals, these are in the range of $15 to $20 million, both the deals are of that 
range. Hopefully we will now go and declare that in the Q2, and I wish it was started at that 
time, as it would have given some good revenue in Q1 as well. So, that's the size of the deal. 
Contraction on the Europe side is more towards when you look at, and Chandru, let me know if 
I am correct with that, we are actually flat, but percentage wise it looks smaller because the 
dollar has appreciated against the euro as well and when you convert that revenue into the dollar, 
the dollar equivalent becomes smaller. But we are pretty much flat in Europe QoQ. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Lastly on the Google Cloud and digital transformation, the update that you mentioned. So, how 
should we read this, what significance does it have, if you could throw some light on that? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
So, on the cloud side, we mostly kept our focus on digital services as a larger umbrella. While 
we have been working with our partners as well as with our clients and going and taking up the 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
opportunity. It is the first time that we are putting the GTM in place for cloud, while within every 
vertical, and with every horizontal, we were addressing it. But now we are putting a GTM focus, 
that means there will be someone who will be focused just on the cloud, because cloud doesn't 
come only in the cloud & base services. There is a significant amount of cloud that has started 
to happen in the business & technology transformation services as well. And we should look at 
not only migrating organization to the cloud, but what is that we can achieve once they are 
already on the cloud, because there's a lot of transformation that happens once someone moves 
to the cloud. So, now we have broadened our horizon from that perspective. What we are doing 
is we are picking up cloud as the bucket and we are looking at what kind of services can be there 
at various stages, starting from the consulting to the migration, to the modernization, and then 
finally, transforming. We are looking at what could be the offerings and how do we go and 
address every offering, rather than trying to restrict ourselves only to fewer offerings and going 
there. Now that we have a significant amount of cloud revenue with us. We believe that we are 
in a good position where we can actually participate in the transformation program also for our 
customers, and that is the focus that we are working on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
I think I heard you say that one of the challenges in the customer impacted the cloud & base 
services business. If you can just highlight, was there any enterprise solutions related work there 
as well? From a vertical standpoint, is it largely reflected in the energy and life sciences vertical 
or the manufacturing piece is also witnessing the moderation because of these customer specific 
issues? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
I talked about the two clients. One of the clients is purely enterprise solutions. The other client 
has a smaller piece, because it is more into the kind of total IT outsourcing. So, definitely 
enterprise solutions is also a piece, but a smaller piece. The other engagement that I talked about, 
it is purely the transformation program on the enterprise solutions side. So yes, if I put both of 
them together, about 50% of that will actually be enterprise solutions. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
In the past, we've been highlighting that the enterprise recovery, which started in the H2 of fiscal 
'22 might continue in fiscal '23. So, based on your assessment, and what you saw recently, you 
think that the enterprise projects that we had run a risk where some of them may be delayed or 
there could be some other instances, any color on that side could be really helpful? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
During the COVID time, yes, it became a binary situation where somebody clearly said that, no, 
I don't think that we should take up the project, and they kind of stopped it. At that point of time, 
not for the reason of the investments, but for the reasons that even the talent was not available 
onsite for them to really execute those projects, because most of those projects actually begin 
with a lot of planning and consulting, where you require onsite presence along with the customer. 
It is very different now. Actually, when we look at going forward, when the discussion is on the 
slowdown or on the recession or something like that, I always believe that there is always a 
blessing in disguise for IT services when we talk about recession, but at the same time, the 
sentiments also have their own impact. What I believe is that one thing everybody realizes that 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
they need to adopt digitalization in a very stronger way and in a faster way, so it is all about that 
matter of survival. But the biggest question all those are asking is that – will I succeed with 
digitalization if I do not modernize my SAP, my Oracle, my JD or my other ERP or Enterprise 
Solutions below that? So, what is happening is that they have realized during this time that they 
will need to take the underlying transformation also if they want to get the right benefits for all 
the digitalization because you can very easily imagine that most of the data and the processes lie 
within the enterprise solutions. And when you have to get the digitalization done, you need to 
invoke the value of the processes and the data that lies in the enterprise solutions. So, they 
definitely want to continue to modernize, they want to continue to go ahead. That's the discussion 
that I am seeing most of the time. Nobody is saying that – no, right now, we will drop and we 
will only look at doing it in the next year. So far that discussion is not coming up. 
C Thyagarajan: 
There was a question from Shradha Agrawal. I thought I will respond to the two outstanding 
questions. One was on subcontractor expenses – what is the percentage of revenue in Q1? The 
percentage of revenue in Q1 was kind of flat QoQ at the overall level. Like I said, we've started 
to see a reduction at the end of the quarter. So, we should see improvement in the second quarter. 
The unallocated expenses in the segment report relates primarily to SG&A which is our selling, 
general & admin expenses. It also has spend on our practice (inaudible 34:14), which is the 
leaders in practice (inaudible 34:19) that we have hired in the first quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Just want to understand this $ 15 to $ 20 million deals that we have signed. Want to understand 
how big is the tenure of these two deals? And as you said, these got delayed in Q1 and as on 
date or in mid of this quarter, have these projects actually started ramping up in your view, if 
you can give color? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
On the two deals, one of the deals is about for about one to one and a half year, that's the 
timeframe that we see. The other deal which is total IT outsourcing is for three years. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And second is on the margin. We have delivered 13% EBIT margins and Q2 would have some 
wage hikes where we probably are saying it would be flat or maybe some improvement. But to 
improve your margins on a YoY basis for FY23, you will have to substantially take up your 
margins maybe even more than 15% which you have delivered in last year. So, how do you think 
that journey will be for us… how confident are we around that number? One more point is that 
we have started a quarter with 2% to 3% kind of dollar CC growth. To reach up to 15 or deliver 
more than 15%, 16% what we delivered in last quarter would need 4% to 5% growth for next 
three quarters. So, how confident are you around both these numbers if you can just speak about 
that? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
On the margin side, very clearly there are headwinds and the headwind is about the increase that 
we had to give to our employees. So, that definitely is a headwind. But if I look at the planning 
that we have done with respect to where all we pull the levers for getting the cost saving 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
advantage, I anticipate, and this is not a guidance, that we should remain flat. That is how I look 
at it. I do believe that there could be few unknowns because as you know that in the last quarter 
also, nobody thought that there will be a drop, because there is so much that is changing on the 
talent front, supply front, and the cost of hiring which are really making us think again and again 
that should I go and capture the growth or should I really continue to look at the margin. Of 
course, the decisions are different at different times. But these are some of the things for the 
decisions or the choices that we had to continue to make. So far that I see, I believe that we want 
to remain flat QoQ and I think as the time passes, probably another month or so, we may have 
more clarity with respect to how things are unfolding. But with the current plans that we have, 
hopefully, QoQ will be flat. Now coming to the growth side, as I told you that in this quarter, 
we had some revenue normalization that we had to do, and some delays that also happened. That 
tells me that I think we want to continue to look at much better growth in the rest of the quarter 
and that is what we are gunning for. We don't give the guidance, but definitely the plan is to do 
much better than what we have done in this quarter. 
Sameer Dosani: 
But do we stay with the overall directional picture that we would be able to deliver better 
EBITDA margins than FY22? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
So, my view is that it will be in the ballpark, that is what I see. You would have seen in the 
industry-wide, there is a lot of talk and there are different views about the recession, there are 
different views about the budgets that clients are going to come up and the adoption of the 
technology that they want to go for. So, everybody is coming up with those kind of plans. My 
view would be that how do we do same or a little better than what we did in the previous year. 
Sameer Dosani: 
That's fair, we can't control the macros evolving. Also, we have spoken about a lot around that 
how recession or downturn would be much better for IT as a sector. Because what happens is 
the scale players benefit more, but obviously, times have changed in the last two years. So, can 
you throw some light around the capabilities that we would have built that will help us actually 
take the benefit of the downturn like the scale players do usually? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
I don't think capability in addressing the opportunities is an issue. But we need to look at it from 
the ecosystem perspective, for example, one of the major focus that we have right now is that 
how do we improve the talent supply chain. For example, we focused on the talent acquisition 
for a very long time, but with the twist that is there with the talent availability and the 
resignations or the attrition and also this work-from-home somehow these six to nine months 
had been a perfect storm that nobody wanted to really see in their lifetime, but then it always 
happens, that we get to see the unexpected in the market. So, when that period was going on, we 
have looked at one thing – now that the recession is there, when we come out of the recession, 
how do we get into similar situation again at that point of time. Let us assume the recession is 
there and from Q3, Q4, Q5 we see the slowdown, and it impacts everybody. But when we are 
coming out of the recession, we should not be saying sorry to ourselves at that point of time and 
we should have anticipated the higher growth or see growth at that point of time. So, it's not 
about getting ready only for this and next quarter, it is also about getting ready for six or seven 
quarters down the line, that if there is again a steep demand that we encounter, we should be able 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
to manage the talent supply chain in a much better way. That's the reason our intake on freshers 
is much higher, our intake on the juniors is very high. We are spending money on the learning 
and development, we are spending money on various other initiatives so that we are able to 
address this better if we confront the situation, let's say three, four quarters down the line again. 
It is a more long-term solution. I did talk about in the previous meetings also that we need to 
work on the longer-term solution. Even if we have to sacrifice a little bit of margin now, so that 
I get much better benefit in the future, we should do that, because that would be the right 
approach in order for us to have a predictable revenue and margin. 
Sameer Dosani: 
I think one question got unanswered was, are those two contracts which were delayed has started 
ramping up as we speak, or is it yet to actually start ramping for us? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
For that, we already did the ramp up actually. It is only that now we need to deploy and work on 
those and work on one of them has already actually started. So, we did the deployment in the 
previous quarter itself. It is just that it did not start and it ended up hitting our utilization and the 
margin and of course, the revenue as well. 
Sameer Dosani: 
One contract started at the end of Q1 and second is yet to start? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
That's right, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
DK, a couple of questions. Starting with the deal pipeline, if you can help us understand how the 
deal pipeline is shaping up? I think earlier, you used to give some numbers. If you can provide 
deal pipeline number at the end of Q1 and give some comparable number maybe QoQ, YoY, 
whichever you're comfortable with? Second question is about the revenue normalization, which 
you earlier alluded, which partly experienced weakness in Q1. Can you provide some more detail 
on it, what you mean by revenue normalization and which vertical largely you refer to, whether 
life sciences is what you are referring to, and how you expect it to evolve over next few quarters? 
Third question is about the Microsoft relationship. I think a couple of quarters back, you 
indicated $ 100 million aspiration by FY24. So, if you can provide some update where we are 
in that journey from that relationship and how is it scaling up? And last question for Chandru is 
about the OCF. OCF remained weak this quarter, it was negative. So, if you can provide some 
sense, what explains it? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Let me go one-by-one. If you look at our pipeline, I'm talking about the sales pipeline, that we 
continue to pursue with our customers, it actually moved up significantly. At the end of the 
previous financial year, we were at about $1.2 billion, we are touching already $1.7 billion. 
When it comes to the billing pipeline, I do not have the number upfront with me, but let me 
check and come back by the time I answer other questions. Let me come back to the revenue 
normalization. The revenue normalization as you know it is the same account that we talked 
about and the same vertical that we talked about in the life sciences last time also. It is the 
planned normalization, because generally when you have the large deal, and when you have the 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
run and change part at different times, when the project finishes, your revenue will get softer 
and get more steady going forward and that is where we are and we have to do that over the two 
quarters. We have done most of it already. It is only about half a million that is there, which 
probably we will do it in the next quarter. But we may actually be able to get that also. But we 
were supposed to do that over two quarters, which finishes with the Q1, most of it. So, that was 
the revenue normalization. The third is on Microsoft. We continue to do very well. In fact, now 
we have started getting revenue from Microsoft as a customer as well. So, that is a good change 
that has happened in the last three, four months where now we are not only discussing, going to 
market with the offerings, which are Microsoft offering, but also going to Microsoft and 
delivering services to them. So, we remain very upbeat on the Microsoft side and I believe that 
we should be able to achieve our goals of being a $100 million partnership in time for us to really 
achieve that. 
C Thyagarajan: 
To your question on the operating cash flow, there are a couple of items; one, we spoke about 
the increase in receivables, both the billed and unbilled receivables, we spoke about that a little 
earlier that is one item. The other, we also had lower financial liabilities coming from the fact 
that we had the variable performance incentive pay-out in the first quarter based on our 
performance in FY22. So, net result of that is we did have movement in working capital that 
caused are lower operating cash flow in Q1 versus the prior quarter. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
What should one look at OCF-to-EBITDA conversion, if you can provide some sense from full 
year perspective? 
C Thyagarajan: 
Sorry, ask that question again please. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
OCF-to-EBITDA conversion, what is the right number or optimal number, one should expect 
on full year basis? 
C Thyagarajan:  
Let me get back to you on that question while we go ahead, I'll come back to you in a moment. 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Devang Bhatt: 
So, how much utilization can improve in the next quarter based on your deal ramp ups? And 
what kind of subcon cost you expect to reduce? What kind of quantum of wage hike in Q2 will 
be there in the impact? And is there any transition cost in the large deals that would impact the 
margin? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Sorry, just repeat the last line that you said? 
Devang Bhatt: 
So, is there any transition cost in the large deals that might impact the margins in the near term? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Utilization, I believe that we should be able to come back to the levels that we used to be anything 
between 84% to 85%. That is something we have delivered very consistently. So, I don't think 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
that should be a too much of an issue for us. When it comes to looking at the quantum of wage 
hike, I expect that it will be approximately closer to 3%, average that we believe will be an 
impact due to the wage hike. There is some wage hike that we have done in parts for some of 
the people in order to retain them over a period of time. So, that means that we will have to do 
it in such a way that we keep the impact to around 3%. That plan is there in place, and I expect 
anything from 2.5% to 3% is the impact we will get on that perspective. On the transition side, 
there will be a minor transition impact that might come in. I don't think it'd be very significant 
one in the overall scheme of things. So, it is not going to change, but yes, we do have the 
transition for one of the deals that we are talking about, but I don't think it will be too much of 
an impact on that front, because some of the costs that we had to take in order to create the plan 
have already been taken, so incremental we will not have much. 
Devang Bhatt: 
How much subcon cost you expect to reduce? And secondly, if the macros turn worse, what 
percentage of revenue would be impacted? 
C Thyagarajan: 
Can you ask the second question again, please? 
Devang Bhatt: 
So, if the macros turn worse, what percentage of revenue you think would be impacted because 
of the macros or there might be delay in ramping up those kinds of deals. 
C Thyagarajan: 
Let me answer the first question on reduction in subcon cost. The expectation is that we will 
gradually improve on our subcon spending from the current level of sub-15% of revenue. My 
expectation is that we should be able to shave off at least 100 to 150 basis points in Q2 and Q3. 
Maybe Q3 will be a little less than Q2, but we should be able to shave off 150 basis points over 
the next quarter or so. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
One additional point that I will talk which is more qualitative on the subcontractor side is that 
traditionally we have always seen subcontractor to be very cost-consuming. But with this whole 
flip on the costs increasing across the board for onsite and offshore people, many times we are 
seeing that the subcontractors are now either at par and in some of the cases it is also lower, 
because it is quicker to get them on the project and off the project, whereas with the employees, 
there is always a bench time that comes into the play. So, over a period of time, I don't think that 
right now is the right time to really change the way we look at the subcontractor, but over a 
period of time, probably, we will have to look at subcontractor in a way where we do the planning 
in such a way that it is a quick onboarding and off boarding so that both the directions when you 
end up losing the utilization when somebody is onboard as an employee, you can actually save 
on that money. At the same time, this work-from-home is going to lead more and more people 
opting for the subcontractor. So, we need to really improve our process in the way we manage 
that and reduce the costs rather than just looking at the count of the subcontractors. So, from that 
perspective also we are working on. So, this is being looked at with a new lens. I think it is very 
important that we look at with a new light. But we will continue to come back as it is something 
that is emerging now as a new reality for the business and we may have to decide our benchmarks 
going forward accordingly. 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Devang Bhatt: 
On the macro part what percentage of revenue can be impacted if the macro turns worse. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
It is very difficult to say that. I hope that it doesn't turn for the worse. But it is very difficult 
because people talk about different range and everybody has a jury that how wrong it can go. In 
my opinion, there is not going to be one yardstick through which you can define, because it will 
be different for different industries, geos, and companies within the same industry also. So, it is 
very difficult to right now say how much will be the impact on us? We hope not. We hope that 
we continue to grow the way we have planned and there is no adverse impact. We are preparing 
ourselves for that, for only one reason, keeping in mind how can we reduce the impact on the 
margins in case that happens? So, that's the focus area that we are looking at. But it is very 
difficult to really put a finger on what figure that would be.  
C Thyagarajan: 
There was a question on OCF. I will quickly respond to that. The OCF number as we go forward 
for the rest of the year, will clearly depend on a couple of things. One is of course managing our 
working capital, managing to make sure that we continue to drive higher collections, keep our 
receivables in check and also make sure that we manage the unbilled component, as I spoke 
earlier. The ideal of course is 100%. But we will have to work through this for the rest of the 
year given some of the headwinds we spoke about at the macro level. While I do not see any 
concerns from a credit standpoint, and from our receivable standpoint. I also think we'll have to 
look at what kind AR days we end up, having to sign up with some of our new clients in the new 
geographies, where we are having a lot of push, particularly in Europe where typically payment 
days are longer than in the US. It is something that we will continue to watch closely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just on the previous question, for the two delayed contracts, as we are in the first week of August, 
you said, one of the delayed contracts has already started at the start of the quarter and another 
is yet to start, is it the right understanding? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
The other one is yet to start, yes, correct. 
Sandeep Shah: 
DK, in terms of enterprise solutions, are you worried about your growth plans and the budgeting 
for the enterprise solutions if recession happens, because that could be termed as a discretionary 
IT spend for some of the clients as a whole? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
No, I don't think so. In my opinion, if you look at the enterprise solutions, slowly what is 
happening is that they are also becoming digital and hence their growth also is coming in the 
newer area of modernization. So, everybody's going up in the digitalization and when anybody 
is doing in the span of the enterprise solutions, then that continues to happen. Traditional 
solutions, yes, it will be lesser growth overall, because that will happen, but the newer area 
within the enterprise solutions, they are growing as good as digital, though the quantum may be 
much lesser than the overall digital pie that is there around us. And it also depends upon how 
and where you count the revenue. So, I don't think that there should be too much of an issue. But 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
on the traditional side, slowdown will always have an impact. But I believe that it will be limited 
and lesser than what we actually saw during the COVID times. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just a clarification, DK. What could have been a quantitative impact of these two deals which 
got delayed, if they could have been realized on time? How the growth could have looked like 
in the first quarter? And second on the wage increase of 2.5% to 3%, are you saying a margin 
impact in 2Q or are you saying it's an average wage hike to be given to the employees as a 
whole? And where are we in terms of the annuity revenues or sticky revenues as a percentage to 
the total revenues, which we used to disclose a year as a whole? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
The 2.5% to 3% was not the margin impact, but it's a percentage of the revenue. Is that right, 
Chandru, that percentage we computed? Yes, it's a percentage of the revenue that is there. There 
are other factors through which we are improving it also. So, that's the case on the revenue side. 
And when it comes to the deal, I believe that we could have got approximately $2 million of 
revenue if it was going to start in time. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In terms of annuity revenue? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Annuity revenue stands at 70% - 71%. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, we are slightly off-track in terms of our target of 75% which we were targeting by Q4 of 
FY'22, right? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
What has happened is that now the deals that are coming as we have I think taken that point 
multiple times that the deals are shorter, and the quicker deals and not the long-term deals. So, 
from that perspective, it does have impact on the annuity revenue. And second, more and more 
digital deals or the transformation deals are becoming project based. And in fact, this is being 
seen that the project revenue for almost every company has become more than what it used to 
be earlier. We thought that we should be able to reach at 75% which is ideal, but 71% is a good 
percentage for us to continue to follow and we remain at 70% - 71%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
DK, in between the remarks, you mentioned you've started providing services to Microsoft as a 
customer and you are aspiring of roughly $100 million kind of partnership here. Is this $100 
million number include the earlier Microsoft Cloud revenue that we were aspiring, because that 
target was also $100 million. Are both of them similar or different? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
$100 million is our revenue for that practice. It will include revenue being sold to Microsoft as 
a client, plus the revenue that we sell on the services on the Microsoft platforms to any other 
customer. It includes everything, yes. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, this $100 million number includes Microsoft Cloud plus Microsoft to the customer? 

 
Birlasoft Limited Q1FY23 Earnings Call 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
That's right, yes. 
Mihir Manohar: 
What kind of services are we giving to Microsoft, just any understanding on that? 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Most of these are actually either on the Microsoft Dynamics side. It could be CRM or it could 
be the other enterprise solutions that they have, and on the cloud as well. 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dharmender Kapoor 
for closing comments. 
Dharmender Kapoor: 
Thank you very much everyone for your participation and the questions that you asked. Yes, we 
could have done better in the Q1, but there are always going to be some time where there are 
unforeseen items that come in front of us. But from the capability perspective, from the client 
perspective, from the way we are winning the deals and how our pipeline has increased, we stay 
confident that we are on the right track. And I believe that should give the confidence to us and 
to everyone around us that we will continue to do better. With that, I wish good luck to all of 
you as well as to us for the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Birlasoft Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose)  
 
Registered office: 
35 & 36, Rajv Gandhi Infotech Park, Phase – 1, MIDC,  
Hinjawadi, Pune (MH) 411057, India 
CIN: L72200PN1990PLC059594 
www.birlasoft.com 
 
