57, Railway Parallel Road, Kumara Park West, Bengaluru 560 020 
Tel: 91 80 2356 0695 - 97, 2356 1976 - 81 Fax: 91 80 2334 1843 
Registered Office: Pollibetta, 571 215, Kodagu, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L01131KA1943PLC000833 
Email: investors@tatacoffee.com , Website: www.tatacoffee.com  
August 8, 2022 
1.
The Dy. General Manager
Corporate Relationship Dept.
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street
MUMBAI - 400 001
Scrip Code No:  532301
2.
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G. Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
MUMBAI – 400 051
Scrip symbol: TATACOFFEE
Dear Sir(s),
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst call on Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst call held on August 4, 2022 in respect of 
the Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022 for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tatacoffee.com.  
The audio recordings of the Analyst Call is also made available on the Company’s website:  
https://tatacoffee.com/sites/default/files/collaterals/investors/analyst_calls/Audio%20Clip%20of
%20Q1%20FY%202022-23%20Analyst%20Call.mp3  
Please take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Tata Coffee Limited 
Anantha Murthy N 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Tata Coffee Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
                    
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. CHACKO THOMAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CEO, TATA COFFEE LIMITED 
                                             MR. 
K. 
VENKATARAMANAN 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR FINANCE AND CFO, TATA COFFEE 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR:          MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
                                              

 
Tata Coffee Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2023 earnings conference call of 
Tata Coffee Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi. Thank you and over to you Sir!  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
 Yes. Thanks Seema. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q1 FY2023 
Results Conference Call of Tata Coffee Limited. We have with us Senior Management 
represented by Mr. Chacko Thomas – Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. K. 
Venkataramanan – Executive Director Finance and CFO. Now, I hand over the call to the 
management for their initial comments and give us views on the quarterly performance and 
then we will open the floor for question and answer session.  Thanks, and over to you Sir! 
Chacko Thomas:  
Thank you, Aniruddha and good morning, everyone on the call. This is Chacko here. First of 
all, thank you very much for joining in today. I'm here obviously to present the quarter one 
financial performance of the company. Very, very pleased to inform me that we've witnessed 
a strong quarter one, across practically all the businesses, while there have been challenges 
that have largely been around cost logistics and demand, but I think the efforts that we took 
in reducing these impact impacts have been actually quite rewarding. This let me start firstly, 
by giving you a snapshot of the standalone performance revenue from operations went up by 
30% compared to the same quarter of the previous year. That is INR 230 crore as opposed to 
INR 179 crore. The standalone PAT was also up by 7% up to INR 30 crore for this quarter.   
These numbers were largely possible on account of the very good gross margins that we've 
been doing in instant coffee. The improved realizations that we have had because of our 
constant look at, you know, different geographies. And this is all on the back of the inflation 
of the pressure that we have spoken about whether it is around freight or steel, et cetera. The 
other factor of course, has been the volumes have also been very good for our instant coffee 
business. And finally last but not the least, I think even in our plantation business, especially 
the green bean business, there's been a good traction, both in sales and in terms of realizations 
and consequently the profitability.  
I'll move on to individual performances on instant coffee, both in India and Vietnam. We saw 
a good and robust performance with both plants in India operating at peak capacities. Sales 
for the quarter were very, very good and they were evenly split across the regions that we 
actually operate. Call out here of course, is around the cost optimization and efficiency 
improvements that we have carried out and these are common threads that run across almost 
all the activities that, we undergo. This, the reason that I'm saying this is also of course the 
fact that there has been, you know unprecedented increases in power and fuel costs, largely 
driven by coal diesel prices and et cetera, and obviously other costs also, despite all that I 
think cost optimization and efficiency improvements have helped us to a great extent. 
Similarly at Vietnam, the form has also, again, been very excellent, the impact again of ocean 
freight logistics, bottlenecks, et cetera, which still are prevalent. I think the efforts taken 
towards new product development, the speed at which we have executed orders and the 
continued focus on you know, the customers and their needs, especially during these times 
have been the contributor to the performance per se.   
We have a very, very strong order book and this we hope will continue in the next few 
quarters for the year. On the plantation front, I think on the coffee plantations, the weather 
has been fairly conducive and I think both coffee and pepper crops hopefully in the next 
couple of quarters would see the impact of this good weather. We continue to do all our 
agricultural practices on schedule and again, as I mentioned, cost management is a fairly 
large theme that we have on the plantations also.  
The green bean business, as I mentioned earlier, has fared extremely well and despite the 
terminals coming down substantially, I think our premiumization efforts and timely sales 
paid off for the quarter. On tea crop, while it had been impacted on account of bad weather. I 
think there is some you know some silver lining on the horizon where we see improved 
prices, especially for the Orthodox step of teas, largely driven by the crisis that is actually 
happening in Sri Lanka.  

Tata Coffee Limited 
      August 04, 2022 
Page 3 of 8 
K. Venkataramanan:
Moderator: 
Sameer Madan: 
Finally, I move on to the consolidated results. For quarter one, the revenue from operations 
has been INR 662 crore compared to INR 532 crore, increase of 24%. Again, credit goes to 
the good performance of Eight O'Clock, both in sales and the innovative product portfolio. 
And of course the contributions from the standalone entity also. The consolidated net profit is 
INR 65 crore, which is also a substantial growth of 41% year on year. Quarter one has been a 
good quarter for Tata Coffee as I mentioned, and we move ahead with the new scheme of 
arrangement and I think the pillars that will continue to drive performance and our focus 
would be around cost optimization, efficient planning, and utilization of the energy and other 
input materials.  
I think our customer focus and execution of orders from India and Vietnam, the tribalization 
and the NPD pipeline that we have will continue to be, very much in focus.  
I will now hand over to my colleague, Venkat will take you through the performance, the 
financial performance for quarter one financial. Over to you Venkat.  
Thanks Chacko, good day and good morning to all the analysts. So as Chacko has 
summarized, the quarter has been very good for us. So all the segments, both on standalone 
and Vietnam, as well as the Eight O'Clock did well.  And the first on standalone performance 
revenue has gone up by around 30 odd percent, and that's again, a reflection of the improved 
performance in plantations on coffee, especially, and on instant coffee. Tea has been little bit 
adversely affected due to weather conditions, but there is, as we go forward, we have put in a 
lot of investment in factories, et cetera. So we should stand in good state. On the other 
income line, there is a phasing in respect of dividends from Eight O'Clock coffee, but overall 
for the year, we don't expect any change. And on the expense side, I just wanted to call out 
couple of things. One, the compared to previous year, the coffee prices per se has gone up. So 
that would obviously be reflected in the cost of materials. And secondly, on some of the other 
cost, like employee benefits, et cetera, the usual increments and statutory kind of, you know, 
increases, which are there.   
And also on the other expense line that is increase. That's also driven by some of it driven by 
increase in chemicals and fertilizers as the plantations is concern and other usual sales related 
freight and other costs and including power and fuels. So within the profit after tax for the 
standalone is at INR 30 crore and before tax at INR 36 crore, which are higher than similar 
order for the previous year. With respect to the consolidated, as we said, the Eight O'Clock 
has a good performance with improved realization going into the bottom line. That's also 
driven by, the higher green coffee prices, but obviously, with some inventory in pipeline, 
they'll get some benefit out of that.  
And on the Tata Coffee Vietnam, there has been improvement in realization. And also we 
just flowed into the bottom line.  So there has been, of course, some impacts around the high 
freight cost. Et Cetera, we has not come back to – which has really not come back to the pre-
COVID levels in that sense, but obviously, but on the holistic sense, overall sense, all the 
segments of the business have performed well, which has resulted in the consolidated net 
profit being higher by 42%. The consequently the EPS of the consultated entities is also 
higher at INR 2.4 compared to INR 1.53 of the previous year’s quarter. With this I handover 
for questions. Thank you very much.   
 Thank you very much. We now begin with the question and answer session. Thank you. We 
take the first question from the line of Sameer Madan, Investor. Please go, sir.   
 I have a couple of questions from my side. The first is related to our pepper business and the 
second one will be related to Vietnam. So I'll begin with pepper first. I wanted to know 
and understand what does our total pepper vine kind of plantation count now, look 
at. I understand it has been going up over the years. And out of the planted figures, I had a 
couple more details that I wanted to get some insight into. How many of those total counts 
have now reached near to the productive phase. we don't need to say maximum yield, but 
at least they have started producing some yield, which may or may not go up. I understand 
there are many factors in there, but I'm looking for understanding where we are in the 
ballpark and how the trend is looking. And also to understand if we talk about some 
approximation of how many of our pepper vines are in or near a productive phase today, 
how is that looking to say a couple years ago and or three years ago, something like 
that. So we don't need to stick to exact figures, but please help me understand this part 
better. Thank you.   

 
Tata Coffee Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Chacko Thomas:  
So thank you, Mr. Sameer. On the pepper business, actually what we have done is over the 
last four or five years very extensively replanted and rejuvenated pepper vines, and these 
pepper vines as you rightly said are in the ballpark numbers of anything between to 18 to 
18.5 lakhs vines as we speak. Only of this, only about 30% is in the actual stage of maturity. 
Every year, we have closer to 5% to 10%, which come into maturity, which as you rightly 
said, I'm not putting numbers to it because it's going to be very, very difficult because, you 
know pepper planted in Arabica with the higher shade would have a lesser yield and robust 
with lesser shade will have high et cetera. So I'm just giving you a ballpark number. So, when 
you look at what and you have to also understand that pepper also has an issue of stability, as 
well as there could be some fungus diseases that it could get impacted by. So every year you 
will have a certain number that actually gets removed. Otherwise, you know, this fungal 
disease for example, can wipe for the whole estate. So we do that cutting out very, 
extensively to ensure that the pepper crop gets protected. So all in all, I think the pepper 
production, going forward is only poised to increase, albeit the fact that there is – there is a 
level of maturity that will come in, in terms of numbers every year going forward. So I hope I 
have answered that question for you.   
Sameer Madan: 
Absolutely, sir, very, very helpful and pointed answers. Thank you very much for that. My 
second question is related to our Vietnam subsidiary. I would like to understand how much 
has been our total investment into Vietnam so far. And how has the revenue been doing in the 
last quarter and the last financial year?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
The total investments for the project around 60 odd million. So roughly around it was INR 
350 crore to INR 375 crore. After that, there has not been know any infusion for the purpose 
of the project itself, though there have been some infusions required for the local, for some 
operating expenses and all in the initial phase. So that's, what on Vietnam. On the turnover, 
we don't want to disclose numbers as such. We are operating at around 90% to 95% capacity. 
And it has been kind of, you know, it's already broken even we are making money there. So 
there's no issues around that. And quarter on quarter, the performance is improving. So, of 
course, there have been some glips because of the ocean freight increase and all that, which 
are yet to get normalized. But as we see, we have definitely, as we earlier also mentioned, we 
have a pilot plant in Vietnam, it is a state of art technology. So that way we have been able to 
you know generate good prices there. And we are also into some of the, other than, you 
know, kind of special offerings on decaf and all those blends, which are also delivering. 
Order book continues to be very, very healthy. In fact, we will have to look at how to fulfill 
the orders because we are quite full on the order book for the year.   
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pranjal Garg from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead, sir.   
Pranjal Garg: 
Congratulations on good set of number. My first question is regarding the Vietnam market 
itself. Sir, what is your outlook for growth and profitability in the region? That's my first 
question, followed by the second one, as you highlighted that we are operating on peak 
capacities 90% to 95%, what are our CAPEX plans there?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
See, actually, just to clarify Vietnam while we have the plan, there is no sale there. So our 
exports are to countries like European countries, Japan, Russia, and all those countries. So 
there's no sale as such in that region for the freeze-dried plant, in Vietnam. Secondly, on the 
question of, so we are operating at peak capacity. There's no doubt, but obviously, we still 
have some levers to pull there to improve. Improve the profitability, which we are also 
working on. So as such, you know, we will probably continue, we are evaluating continuing 
kind of, prospects for any kind of expansion as we move along. But that is dependent on the 
situation as we assessed on the market side. The market has been, despite since coffee 
demand, there has been stable, those that are blips in respect due to various other issues of 
logistics or freight and all that, so as we go we see the instant coffee plant in Vietnam, as 
what I know is operating at very high capacities and it'll continue to move along on those 
lines.   
Pranjal Garg: 
So, is it fair to assume that we don't have any CAPEX plan as of right now?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
No, right now, there's no need for need for CAPEX. We are setting up some liquid extract 
capacities there, which will come into stream during later part of the year. So other than that, 
there's that no other immediate plans of expanding the capacity in Vietnam as of now.   

Tata Coffee Limited 
      August 04, 2022 
Page 5 of 8 
Pranjal Garg: 
K. Venkataramanan:
Pranjal Garg: 
K. Venkataramanan:
Moderator: 
Lokesh Maru: 
K. Venkataramanan:
Chacko Thomas: 
Okay. So, and are there any plans for expanding capacities domestically?  
Yes, we continue to evaluate I think you have to watch the space for some time, but we 
continue to evaluate. Even our India plants are all fully saturated, we have two plants in 
India which are fully saturated and we are looking at, and also just to mention to you, we 
pack Tata Coffee Grand, which is sold and marketed and sold through Tata Consumer, 
which is also has picked up traction. And that's also continuing to do well in the 
marketplace. So all these are levers for growth as we see.   
So next question. well, we don't have much or we have limited exposure to B2C business but 
as the inflation arises in the economy for coffee and the products, are there any impact on our 
volumes given the down trading and up trading in some cases?   
No, we are not seeing any down trading in volumes. I see what we are going through is a 
different kind of issues, for example, one of the countries for the regions, which is not doing 
that well for us right now is Africa, because that has been impacted by inflation in respect of 
coffee, on the other the packing materials and all that. So those are yet to pick up. We are 
also seeing kind of improvements coming over there in that sense. So these are pockets of 
geographies where we are seeing some impact, but then this impact is not merely like, it has 
been there for some time, but we are able to cover through other geographies. Similarly, for 
example, on the issue of Russia, for example, so demand is stable there, there are other 
issues, Russia being a country sanctioned, et cetera. We are not able to penetrate that much as 
before, but these are things which will probably, which will kind of overcome in the next 
couple of quarters.   
We take the next question from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual 
Funds. Please go, sir.   
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on such a healthy set of numbers. So I 
have quite many questions, you can stop me whenever like I can join back with you later. So 
number one is to just understand correlatively on the coffee rate that in an environment if you 
believe that there is going to be a general economic slowdown or recession minor recession if 
there ever has been down reading, how does coffee behave? There are three things, key 
things, right? One is FDC. Then a cheaper one is SBC. Another is out-of-home consumption. 
Then you have instant coffee which is cheaper. And finally, you have Arabica and Robusta, 
but like someone who is consuming Arabica may be difficult to shift to Robusta due to taste 
constraints. So in general, slow environment qualitatively how do you see coffee 
consumption playing?  
See coffee consumption, we see in respect of Vietnam plant. Our order book is complete, I 
mean, almost 80%, 90% full as of now. We don't see any demand contractions per se you 
know on the account of this inflation. But what we are seeing is, even on spray, we are doing 
quite well in that sense. Agglo is bit impacted because of the certain geographies, which I 
mentioned regarding say, Africa, where it has been for a couple of quarters, we have been 
seeing about slowness in demand and pickups due to for two reasons, one the impact on 
amount of much higher coffee prices and accompanied by the packing material costs. So that 
is one. Secondly, as a certain geographies where there could be issues around capitalization 
of the businesses, et cetera, which is leading to some slower offtake.  So that's what we are 
seeing.  
On the Arabic, Robusta as you summarized whatever we are produced we are able to sell 
effectively and we have got forward orders, so there are no issues being seen there. So we are 
not seeing per se for us, down trading, impacting volumes for us. Our issues are more around 
the some geographies where there is loaners in demand due to inflation. And those are 
specific in nature, for example, Russia, and all that, even though there is a war going on 
there, we are not seeing an impact on demand. And we have in fact, there other issues which 
are contributing like shipping lines or logistics issues, which are that, but otherwise on 
demand, we don't see an issue as of now.   
And just to add to what Venkat has said, is also a large factor of how your product is 
differentiated. So I think we have a fairly good and also a very, very vibrant and full NPD 
pipeline. So, I think when you take all that into account, I think you know, at least for the 
company wise, I don't see much of a challenge in terms of how consumption and being 
impacted by this slow down. But yes, of course there will be geographies those geographies 

 
Tata Coffee Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
at some point in time will need to be replaced by new geography. So overall sanguine about 
our future.   
Lokesh Maru: 
Understood, sir. And we don't really have that end of data to, you know, understand that if 
there is inflation is there any shift from out of home consumption to instant coffee? Do you 
have any clue or any quality sense on does it happen? What are the behavioral impacts or 
shifts?   
Chacko Thomas:  
Yes. Yes. So you when we had this last two years of COVID for obvious reasons you know 
out of home consumption was totally impacted and everything actually a large, large part of it 
actually moved into a home consumption, but clearly, the entire out-of-home consumption 
dissipation, which was a unique event if I may add at that point in time cannot be made up by 
in-home consumption. So, out-of-home consumption totally disappearing has to have an 
incident like COVID, I don't think out-of-home consumption gets that badly impacted. Yes. 
overall, if you were to look at it, I think coffee will continue its growth rate of consumption. 
It was clocking anything between 1.5 or 2 just, maybe about 2 to 2.5 just before the COVID 
came in.  It may have slightly slowed down, but there is still enough legs in the coffee market 
to continue 1.5% to 2% growth.  
K. Venkataramanan:  
Also, just to add also, for example, out of home, you take Starbucks, for example, Starbucks 
has been opening stores and doing exceptionally well. So, invite our two roasters  we have 
are highly, highly utilized. So there's no issues we see there. And in home also, for example, 
you take our brand Tata Coffee Grand, which is there, it has been showing good traction and  
so the kind of takes upticks are definitely very healthy.   
Lokesh Maru: 
Sure, sir. So on Tata Coffee Grand, like you just highlighted, so I think Mr. Sunil D’Souza 
had on television highlighted that the strategy is to take the market share of Tata Coffee 
Grand from the current 1% to 2% to up to 10%, in coming years in India. Right? So is there 
any differentiated strategy going forward on product, be product wise or how much is it like 
just reach wise or distribution wise with Tata consumer already has already penetrated. So is 
there anything on the product side as well?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
We have quite a few products, so one is of course the Tata Coffee Grand, then we have the 
quick filter which we have launched. So there are multiple, kind of products on products, so 
multiple products are there on the shelf. And secondly, in terms of increase in market share 
distribution reach and all, I'm sure that in, you know, Sunil will probably answer this in the 
Tata Consumer analyst call.   
Lokesh Maru: 
Sure, sir. Last question on coffee prices like you highlight on every call. what is your sense 
on coffee prices going forward six months down the line, three months down the line, so on.   
Chacko Thomas:  
So I'll leave it at three months down the line for this call, I think coffee prices have come off 
substantially from where they were three months back. They were at about 250, 255 even 
prior to that close to about 275, but they have come down to about 225, 230. I do not expect 
coffee prices to now, at least for the next three months, do any major changes, primarily 
because whatever weather events that could have possibly happened in any of the locations 
the period for that has passed. So, if there are going to be any changes, any upheavals or 
difference in prices or whatever, that could only possibly come towards the end of the third 
quarter or into the fourth quarter. Going forward, at least for the next three to four months, I 
don't see any major variants, maybe a couple of cents here and there up and down. That's 
what, I don't think there's gonna be any issues.   
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please go 
ahead.   
Vignesh Iyer: 
Hello. Congratulations on good set of numbers and such a challenging circumstances of the 
commodity prices are quite in a fluctuation mode, I would say. In my last call, I'd asked you 
about this orthodox coffee that predominantly, Sri Lanka operates in, Sri Lanka as an export 
market too. So I just want, and you had said that our capacity is fungible to make orthodox 
coffee if needed. So if you could tell me how is there any contribution to our current revenue 
in quarter one from Orthodox coffee, and if there is any spillover from Sri Lankan market 
due to the uncertainty containing in the country.   
Chacko Thomas:  
So I just add, I'm sure you were talking about Sri Lanka Orthodox tea.  

 
Tata Coffee Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Yes.  
Chacko Thomas:  
No issues at all, but yes, so you're absolutely right. We are uniquely placed in terms of having 
the ability to increase the production of our orthodox production, because of having plants 
that are orthodox capable. But I think, what we have done is to slowly raise the overall 
orthodox production, as I mentioned in my commentary earlier, we do see orthodox prices 
continuing to be buoyant, largely driven by the unfortunate crisis in Sri Lanka. But I think the 
overall impact on the P&L for tea will also need to be driven not just by the prices, but also 
the crop in itself. As I mentioned earlier, there has been an impact on the crop because of the 
very, very inclement weather that prevailed during the during the latter half of the quarter. 
And it still continues to be there, but I think we have quite confident that everything else that 
needs to be in place that is, the investments that needed to go into the field and the factories 
and the fact that there is a gradual improvement in the Orthodox production, as well as prices, 
should well for the tea business in itself. So that's where we see it.   
Vignesh Iyer: 
All right. so I joined the call late, so thank you for clarifying things again, and coming to the 
part. So we are in a position basically that if there is a market and it is lucrative enough, we 
can have no product mix in tea division in such a way that we raise the percentage of 
Orthodox tea. So as to have a better revenue and margins, right. If I can understand it.   
K. Venkataramanan:  
Absolutely. We are also open to investing more if required, depending on the market 
situation.  
Chacko Thomas:  
And unlike a coffee plant that needs to come up. I mean, I'm talking about a factory that 
needs to come up, or you know, many investments in coffee, which takes a far longer period 
of time, the investment into tea machinery to convert tea leaf into orthodox and it coming on 
board or coming on up to steam is far, far shorter. So, as Ventak mentioned, we are open to 
looking at investing further investments to even take up the present, fairly healthy numbers, 
even more, if needed.   
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And what percentage of your tea business would currently be into as in 
quarter one, if you could give a ballpark number for the revenue of what percentage of your 
total business would be? 
K. Venkataramanan:  
20% and 25% roughly would be there.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. And the fungeblity is up to what 35%, 40% of your total capacity?   
Chacko Thomas:  
About 35% maximum over 36%, 37%. but at the moment, but as I mentioned this is 
something that we would be willing to invest into to you know even take it up further.  
K. Venkataramanan:  
Yes. We are continuously evaluating.   
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Yash Bandari from Neo Markets. Please go ahead, 
sir.  
Yash Bandari:  
Just a small question. Can you tell the finalize the merger and when you expect the merger to 
be complicated and what are depending approvals? 
K. Venkataramanan:  
No, we have filed the petitions before the NCLT both Tata Coffee, and Tata Consumer 
respective NCLT. Now we have to wait for the hearing and the no further process on that. So 
we are on track in respect of the process.   
Yash Bandari:  
Okay. But when we expect the merger to be completed?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
We expect hopefully before the end of the financial year, we should be, we expect – we are 
sort of hoping that it should get over cause financially.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead 
sir.   
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Basically first just wanted your Eight O'Clock, so this business had a lot of up stocking, de-
stocking and during it innovate together but in package. So do we see the clear outlook for 

 
Tata Coffee Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Eight o'clock business? now that the economy has kind up, especially in USA, has settled 
down now. So do you see market share gains opportunities for Eight O'Clock also 
opportunities to get into the other markets for Eight O'Clock?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
I will restrict the other markets. We are not able to see if this is three-year timeframe you are 
asking. So obviously other markets, if it is appropriate, the business would look at it.  But 
more importantly on the market share, definitely there is a potential, there is a lot of 
opportunities there, both on the pack business on as well as on the Kcups. So we are seeing 
good traction, and also Eight O'Clock has been active in term of the new product launches. 
So that is also an area which we are kind of focused on. And apart from that, there is also the 
eCom and the online kind of, of penetration, which is also doing well. So as we see, as we are 
looking at, as of now, definitely, there is very good opportunity for Eight O'Clock to expand 
the market share other markets, of course the business will continue to evaluate as we go 
along.   
Aniruddha Joshi: 
 Okay. And in terms of the Tata Coffee Grand would you like to share any update on that? 
How is the product doing? And that is one question and lastly, on the pricing of coffee, 
because last year there were some issues in Brazil and it led to inflationary situation. Now, 
obviously world over inflationary situation is coming down. It's obviously inflation is still 
high, but compared to – earlier expectation the probably the commodity prices are expected 
to be lower. So how do you see the outlook for coffee prices also?   
K. Venkataramanan:  
Many variants have been launched apart from Originally Tata Coffee Grand, which has the 
free spray element, there's also quick filters, which has been launched. So Tata Coffee Grand 
along with an expanded distribution and the product pipeline and the innovations the business 
is definitely poised for  much better volumes and market share.  
Chacko Thomas:  
On coffee, the coffee prices, as I was mentioning a little time back, the fact that I think all the 
weather events that could have possibly spoiled or spoiled the party if I may put it that way, 
the period for that has kind of passed. So now, as I see at least for at least in the short term for 
the next three to four months, and maybe slightly longer than that could be could be a period 
where you don't see too many fluctuations in the prices. The prices have kind of settled for 
both Arabica and Robusta at levels which are you know substantially better than what they 
were year before last, but obviously have come off their highs, which were seeing in post that 
weather event in in Brazil. But what will happen in the fourth quarter in terms of the overall 
production in terms of the impact of any unfortunate weather event while harvest starts in 
Brazil is obviously something that we may, we need to wait and see, but at the moment I do 
not see coffee prices doing too much different from what and where they are at the moment.   
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments over to you, sir.   
Chacko Thomas:  
So, thank you very much everyone, and thank you for joining the call. It was a pleasure 
having you on, I hope to see you for the next quarter call. Thank you.  
K. Venkataramanan:  
Thank you very much.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
