Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
  
9th August, 2022 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
BSE Ltd. 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code 
: 507717 
Symbol- DHANUKA 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on 24 August, 2022 with Analysts/ Investors 
to discuss Un-Audited Standalone 
& Consolidated Financial Results 
of 
the 
Company for the Quarter Ended on 30 June, 2022. 
Dear Sir, 
In pursuant 
to Regulation 30 
of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the 
Transcript of Conference Call held on 2" August, 2022, which was hosted by Antique 
Stock Broking Limited through virtual mode with Analysts/ Investors to discuss Un- 
Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter 
Ended on 30" June, 2022. 
Please take above information in your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
     
pind 
a, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS-7612 
  
  
Registered Office 
: 82, Abhinash Mansion, 1“ Floor, Joshi Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Ph. 
: +91 011-23534551 & 23534557 
Corporate Office 
: Global Gateway Towers, Near Guru Dronacharya Metro Station, MG Road, Gurugram -122002, Haryana 
Tel. 
: +91-124-434 5000, E-mail 
: headoffice @dhanuka.com, Website 
: www.dhanuka.com 
CIN: L24219DL1985PLC020126

dhanuka 
“Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 02, 2022 
® 
A 
R 
00 
Qe 
ce 
dhanuka 
ANTIQUE 
ANALYST: 
Mr. MANISH MAHAWAR 
- ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. M. K. DHANUKA — MANAGING DIRECTOR — DHANUKA 
AGRITECH LIMITED 
Mr. RAHUL DHANUKA — CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
- 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
V.K. BANSAL — CFO - DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 15

dhanuka 
Moderator: 
Manish Mahawar: 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Good day and welcome to Dhanuka Agritech Limited Q1 FY2023 Conference Call hosted by 
Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Mahawar! 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants’ on 
the call of Dhanuka Agritech. From the management, we have Mr. M. K. Dhanuka — Managing 
Director, Mr. Rahul Dhanuka — Chief Operating Officer; and V. K. Bansal — CFO on the call. 
Without any delay, 
I would like to handover the call to Mr. Dhanuka for opening remarks. Post 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Dhanuka. 
Thank 
you, 
Mr. Manish. 
Good 
afternoon 
ladies 
and gentlemen. Myself, 
M. 
K. Dhanuka, 
Managing Director of Dhanuka Agritech Limited. 
I hope all of you are doing well and keeping 
safe. Thank you for joining us in the conference call for results of Q1 of FY2022-23. I have with 
me Mr. Rahul Dhanuka — COO of the company and Mr. V. K. Bansal — CFO of the company. 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited is a leading agrochemical company in India focusing on branded sales 
in the market. The company's strength lies in the manufacturing and marketing of formulated 
products. The product portfolio 
is spread across insecticides, herbicides, fungicides and plant 
growth regulators. Dhanuka Agritech is working with the vision of transforming India through 
agriculture. Our belief 
is that when we transform the 
lives 
of farmers 
by enhancing their 
productivity and quality in turn enhancing their income, we are making a small contribution in 
transforming India. We work in all major crops in India and have implemented the best-in-class 
technology to ensure a smooth and efficient supply chain. Dhanuka has a pan India presence 
through 
its marketing team 
and warehouses 
in 
all 
major 
states 
across 
India. 
With three 
manufacturing units and 41 warehouses across India, Dhanuka caters around 6500 distributors 
and dealers and around 80,000 retailers. Through its extensive network Dhanuka reaches out to 
approximately 10 million Indian farmers with its products and services. Dhanuka has more than 
1000 techno commercial staff supported by a strong sales and marketing team to promote and 
develop new products. 
It was due to the efforts of this team that Dhanuka was able to secure 
higher growth in the focused products in comparison to generic products portfolio, which in tum 
help us to protect the bottom line to a certain degree in a challenging quarter. Dhanuka's strong 
R&D division has world-class NABL accredited laboratories, as well as an excellent team for 
new products registration and development. Dhanuka has international collaboration with 
10 
leading global agrochemical companies from the US, Japan and Europe, which helps us to 
introduce the latest technology in India. 
Page 
2 of 15

dhanuka 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
This year the rainfall has been uneven and although the overall rainfall is above average, east and 
north region have suffered from very less rainfall whereas south and west has seen unprecedented 
rains resulting in flood. Now the rainfall has covered most of India in July except for the east 
region and July lifting and consumption was up to the mark. Now moving on to the financial 
performance for the last quarter, our revenue from operations stood at Rs.392.73 Crores in Q1 of 
FY2022-23 versus 363.79 Crores in Q1 of FY2021-22 representing an increase of 8% over the 
corresponding period of last year. EBITDA stood at Rs.68.33 Crores in Q1 of FY2022-23 versus 
Rs.68.86 Crores in Q1 of FY2021-22. Profit after tax stood at Rs.49.11 Crores in Q1 of FY2022- 
2023 against 48.6 Crores in Q1 of FY2021-2022. The zone wise percentage share of turnover for 
Q1 FY2021-22 
is north 30%, east zone 9%, west zone 44% and south zone 17%. Products 
category wise share of turnover for Q] of FY2022-23 insecticide contribution 27%, fungicide 
contribution 11%, herbicide which grows at initial stage 52% and others 10%. The shareholders 
of the company in the 37th Annual General Meeting held today at 11:00 am declared 300% final 
dividend that is Rs.6 per equity share having face value of Rs.2 per share. The board has already 
paid 400% interim dividend to the shareholders as declared in its board meeting dated February 
2, 2022. The total amount absorbed in the payment of dividend for this year is Rs.65.21 Crores. 
We are happy to inform that the company has obtained approval of CIB RC Government of India 
under section 9(3) of the insecticide act for two new molecules one is herbicide and another is 
fungicide 
for formulation indigenous manufacturing. The one product 
is Cornex which 
is 
herbicide which is combination of two molecules Halosulfuron methyl plus Atrazine which will 
be used for the control of weeds in the crop meals. The second product is Zanet which is a 
fungicide which is a combination of Thiophenate Methyl plus Kasugamycin for the control of 
powder mildew and bacterial leaf spot in tomato crop. Further the approval has been granted by 
the CIB & RC to the company for three herbicide molecule and PGR for formulation indigenous 
manufacture under section 
9 
(4) 
of the insecticide 
act. Setting up 
of Dahe Plant 
is 
as per 
scheduled time and we hope that the initial production will start from March 2023. Being India’s 
leading agrochemical company Dhanukas 
as 
forefront 
of introducing 
digital 
solution 
and 
innovation 
streamlining 
policies 
and 
collaborating 
with 
indigenous 
entities 
to 
boost 
the 
integration of technology across business segment. In the same endeavor we have tried to boost 
our reach through online farmer interactions and aggressive use of TV advertisements for all our 
key products. We 
are focused on expanding our market coverage through our network of 
distributors and our digital platforms where we engage with the end consumer. 
In the same 
endeavor Dhanuka 
has 
tied 
up 
with upcoming 
online 
platforms 
like 
AgroStar, 
DeHaat, 
Gramophone, and Plenty for online 
sales 
of Dhanuka products through their platform. We 
consider ourselves responsible to securing the farmers welfare and preserving food security of 
the nation. We continue to strengthen our association with the farmer producer organizations 
FPO, Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) and other critical institutions 
to increase 
our business 
expertise and boost our market presence. 
I am happy to inform that the July month for the 
company has gone well and we had very good growth in the month of July and we expect similar 
trend to continue in the months of August and September so we are confident that we will be able 
Page 3 of 15

dhanuka 
Moderator: 
Varshit Shah: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Varshit Shah: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Varshit Shah: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Varshit Shah: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
to deliver much better growth and much better performance in the second quarter in comparison 
to the first quarter. 
Thank you very much for your kind attention. We would now take the questions from you which 
you may have. Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Varshit Shah from Veto Capital. Please go ahead. 
Good evening Sir. Sir my first question is innovation turnover index has shortened dramatically 
in Q1 versus last couple of years and you had been promising that you guys are working 
especially Rahul ji 
to indicate multiple new product initiatives so my question is this enables 
18% or maybe the range near to sustainable or is it just mainly because of some timing shift out 
of Q1 for some products which are low end and hence the ITT is looking optically higher. 
Responding to the ITI thing yes like we have said we have been aggressively on this front and 
again with our strength on the Weedicide front this is how the Q1 has taken a jump on the ITI 
index because this was a very good period for this new product that we had introduced to take 
position, this ITI index has certainly jumped up. It will correct to some extent through the year 
yet as committed the ITI index will now be only going upwards. 
And Sir one thing which 
I have absorbed was that you have increased your gross profit in 
absolute terms which 
I think has come as a result for ITI because 
I think the volumes Y-o-Y 
would have been tad lower if I am not wrong. This is purely on account of change in mix and 
which is reflecting in ITI. Am I connecting the dots right. 
You see in terms of percentage GP declined bit absolute you are right. 
Exactly so absolute has grown so it has to come from either volume or product mix. There is only 
two ways to increase absolute GPs. 
Yes it is impact of product mix definitely. 
Product mix right so what is the actually comparable volume if you can share it in Q1. 
Q1 volume growth is not there only applied income is there, value growth. 
I understood I think Dhanuka Sir earlier mentioned that July has picked up so do you think that 
H1 to H1 seasonal volume growth could further industry or may be could be in the range of 3 to 
4% or that might be some challenges to achieve that and the volume growth number. 
Volume growth number in the first half should be either higher single digit or lower double digit. 
Page 
4 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Varshit Shah: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Varshit Shah: 
Moderator: 
Viraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Viraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Viraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Viraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Viraj: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Okay so connecting that your annual guidance of double-digit growth and 
it seems slightly 
conservative because even if you achieve mid single digit kind of volume growth then you can 
easily touch 13 to 14% revenue growth given that you have taken price hikes. 
Yes absolutely right. 
Fair enough. I think I will wait in the queue. I have more questions. All the best Sir. 
We have our next question from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Hi thanks 
for the opportunity. 
Just couple 
of questions. First 
is 
I did not understand the 
explanation on gross margin compression so was it more due to the RN pressure or it was largely 
because of product mix and any perspective you can share in terms of how much of the raw 
material cost inflation has been passed through in the market that is one. 
Mr. Viraj which is around the explanation on GT we will get that answer and then come to your 
second question Sir. Please could you repeat your question? 
My question was the gross margin compression which we saw was it largely only due to product 
mix or there was an element of raw material cost inflation and in that perspective you can explain 
what are the drivers for it has been larger factor behind compression and the RN inflation which 
we are seeing across industry how much of that has been passed on in the market. 
You see it is the impact of both. The proposition because of RN inflation which could probably 
pass 
it fully to the consumer and 
it 
is 
slight compensated because of the product mix the 
contraction could have not been better because of GP assets could be around 300 basis points and 
all. 
Sir can you repeat the last part, GP what? 
The reduction in GP could be more than 300 basis points. 
You mean if not for product mix the GP contraction could have been 300 basis points so any 
action on the pricing point which would have taken in the second quarter to just recover the RM 
inflation? 
We have demonstrated that ability in the Q1 itself we have been able to pass on to a great extent; 
however, in Q2 we should be able to pass on fully. 
Okay. Second question is on the other expenses, we have seen a sharp jump year-on-year so are 
there any one of them, anything you can share what is the driving jump? 
Page 5 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
V.K. Bansal: 
Viraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Viraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Viraj: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
If you compare from the previous year absolutely right, but you will realize, you will appreciate 
because of COVID in the June 2020 and June 2021 many expenses were not required because of 
COVID, like traveling and medical maintenance, expenses, regular meeting, pharma meetings, 
distributor meetings, 
so the expenses were low in the year 2021 
and June 2020 but 
if you 
compare from June 2019 or June 2020, so they are in line with our expectations, they are bound 
to increase because everything is normalized, so this year the full traveling 
is happening for 
dealers meetings, farmer meetings. 
So, it is normalized now? 
It is normalized now. That is right. 
And 
on 
the Dahej 
project, 
can 
you just provide 
an update 
by when 
do we 
expect 
the 
commissioning? 
Commissioning as M.D communicated we are expecting the production in the March 2023. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question is again on the Dahej project, so how much of capex 
are we envisaging to capitalize during this year and whether we will be able to fund the entire 
capex through internal accruals or we will have to take some debt for the same? Thank you. 
So far now we are not just taking any debts, we are making the entire capex from the internal 
accruals and in the current financial year we are expecting a capex of around Rs. 130 Crores for 
Dahej. 
Got it. Second question is in terms of our guidance, so on EBITDA we have said that EBITDA 
we are expecting almost similar growth in line of previous year, but if I check on a year-on-year 
basis in FY2021, our EBITDA was about Rs.269 Crores and FY2022 was Rs.263 Crores, so are 
we expecting kind of a flattish EBITDA for FY2023? Thank you. 
We are saying the average should be in terms of percentage in line with FY 2022. 
Okay, so we had the margins of closure to about 18%, we will be having similar kind of margins 
for FY2023 as well? 
You are right. 
Page 
6 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Management Speaker: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Moderator: 
Saurabh: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
On the ITT, during first quarter our ITI has jumped significantly, but it seems that the volume 
growth as you indicated has been not there, so is 
it the new products which are coming at a 
higher price or these are relatively high margin and high pricing products, because of which the 
ITI has jumped significantly? 
In the case of the products which are covered under ITI, they have delivered a significant growth 
value as well as volume, but when we are saying there is no volume growth, the total market of 
80 plus brands, but the product selected very, very few molecules are coming under the current 
year introduction plus three years, so those products are delivered a good volume growth. 
Right, got it. Just last clarification on the new product launches, so if I heard it rightly we have 
launched Zanet, Cornex, Decide and we have received three approvals for 9(4) herbicides and 
one for PGR which probably we have not launched is that understanding correct? 
These 
three products 
that 
we talked 
about Cornex, 
Bicide 
and 
Zanet, 
these 
are 
the 
9(3) 
registrations we have got and in Ql Cornex were launched and activated. One more herbicide 
which is Terminal was also launched in Q1 and activated. Decide and Zanet and other products 
will be commercialized in Q2. 
And the 9(4) products? 
Will also be launched in Q2. 
Okay, as of today's pipeline will be launching about eight odd products, four of these? 
Five for sure, two we have launched, three more we will launch, so at least five for sure. 
Got it. Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurabh from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if you can talk about the channel inventory at the end of the 
quarter and how has been the liquidation in month of July? 
Our channel inventory is not high because Dhanuka do not believe in making placement with the 
distributor. The inventory is definitely high with the company because the month of April and 
May were good then the company was having growth, but June has gone bad because of the 
delay in monsoon and some sales of June has been postponed to the July month so that is why the 
inventory levels with the company are higher, but general inventories are in line with the industry 
norms only. 
Page 7 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Saurabh: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Saurabh: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Saurabh: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Saurabh: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Gupta: 
M.K. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Okay. The raw material cost inflation, so have you passed on or now with the price coming down 
you will take the price correction in Q2 and also if you can give is that a specific crop where the 
passing of the higher cost, it is difficult compared to the other crops? 
Like our CFO already said that we have tried to pass on the cost period that was possible in Q1 
and Q2 also whatever market can absorb we will pass on the cost increase as well. 
In the 
products where there is a price correction of course that cannot be passed on. In terms of the 
crops which are able to absorb is depending upon the commodity prices and probably in the last 
call we were talking about wheat prices have already gone up, paddy prices will also go up and in 
July we are already witnessing that, so practically commodity pricing going up means if paddy 
can absorb which is the largest consumer of agrochemical in the country today. All other crops 
commodities are on a upswing, so the cost absorption by the crops is very much clear. It is in the 
competition and price correction that we may not be able to pass on the cost to the partner. 
Okay Last thing on the other income side, so there is a jumping other income, so is there any 
one-time element? 
Yes, it is one time element, because of selling of two properties of company. 
So what was the contribution? 
Contribution is around Rs. 12 Crores. 
Thank you and all the best. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Good evening. Thank you very much. Sir, first question is on a significant increase in stock so 
you mentioned that definitely after a solid growth in April and May, June was muted and that is 
the main reason, prime reason that there has been significant increase of almost close to Rs.100 
Crores increase in stocks is that getting reflected sir? 
There are other reasons 
also, the prices were increasing because of the Chinese reason, the 
number of factories in China were closed down, shipment was not taking place, Shanghai, Port 
was closed for one month and there was a delay in getting the consignment from China and the 
other countries from Japan, etc, so in anticipation of a good season we basically built up the 
inventory intentionally considering the price rise and known availability like situation in the 
coming season. We geared up for the season, but unfortunately because June has gone bad, so we 
left over with the inventory, some inventory was created intentionally for the July, August, etc 
actually in earlier, but some inventory has been left out because of the bad season of June month, 
Page 8 of 15

dhanuka 
Rohan Gupta: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
M.K. Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
but we are confident as July has gone very well. We hope that we will be able to come to the 
normal inventory situation by the end of the second quarter. 
Okay and Sir since we have seen some softening of the raw material prices, so the inventory built 
up which has taken place in the last quarter, how do you see that the current pricing scenario, you 
definitely mentioned that you will be able to match the last year EBITDA margins, what we have 
enjoyed in FY2022, but with the weakening in the prices of raw material and the softening in the 
prices in the market and since we are sitting on a huge inventory, do you see that the margin 
pressure still will be very much visible in Q2 also, because of the high cost inventory? 
I do not foresee much problem because of the reduction in prices, because the reduction 
is 
nominal. It is not a hefty reduction. The price increase was very high, but the reduction in the 
prices is nominal, so I do not foresee that it will have major impact on the EBITDA margin, but 
definitely as Mr. Rahul has just informed that wherever the price correction has taken in the raw 
material prices it will be difficult to pass on the course to the consumer so there the course has to 
be absorbed by the company, but we are basically working in approach with more trust on focus 
product change, so that way our product mix will basically take care of the erosion in the margin 
in some of the generics where the price correction has taken place. 
Okay and how is the availability of the raw material now and in terms of the logistics challenge 
which was pretty much there from China almost couple of months back, so if you can just give 
some sense that how the logistics is working out and especially the shipment from China and raw 
material availability, how it is now? 
It is much better in comparison to the initial April, May etc and the shipments are also taking 
place. There are some delays happening in getting that consignment earlier from China we used 
to get the containers in 15 days time at Nhova Sheva Port but now it is taking around 20 days 
time, so some time has increased, but otherwise the supply situation is normal and we are getting 
the regular supplies, there is a scarcity of in some of the products, but that is always going to 
remain that some products will always be 
in 
scarcity 
of some products, Propergite 
is one 
Azoxystrobin is another product so these are in short supplies. 
Third question is on this market scenario, though you mentioned that August, July has seen a 
significant pickup in the demand, because of the monsoon activities have picked up. How do you 
see this farmers position in terms of cash profitability though we understand agri community 
prices still remains buoyant, but definitely there has been some weakness I think that compared 
to last two to three months, so how do you see that the farmers cash position is right now and 
their ability to spend on crop protection, how do you see that the current scenario? 
Before I attempt on that concept when you said weakness so you were talking about weakness of 
what? 
Page 9 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Agri commodity prices 
like that we have seen like soya bean and some crop prices have 
weakened in a global market also in Indian markets also a little bit in last three months? 
And which commodities are those? 
So if you look at the global agri commodity prices Sir 
I think that the cotton definitely has 
weakened in 
a global scenario and so as the corn also has seen some weakness in 
a global 
scenario even wheat prices also have seen some weakness in a global scenario that is what I was 
just referring that, are we also seeing that the domestic markets also are seeing and how the 
farmers cash profitability? 
Right, my understanding 
is that the commodity prices are reasonably high enough for these 
farmers and the agricultural investors in the rural world to be buoyant about it. The wheat price 
corrections if any is like still much better than what it was before the Ukraine situation and all 
other commodities are really way ahead of their normal benchmark levels in the country. In fact 
because of the wheat shortage we were anticipating that paddy prices will also jump up with the 
global demand coming in and we are witnessing paddy price jumps significantly happening in 
July especially with Middle East demand coming in. Overall speaking the commodity prices 
remain at a level where farmers should look forward to a good harvest and a good income. Now 
when in the middle of monsoon, farmers mostly have to depend upon rural credit to invest in 
fertilizers and in agrochemicals and the rural credit system both structured and unstructured as of 
now buoyant and capable enough of taking required needs of farmers credit requirements. So 
farmers will be making his investment requirements from the credit which he takes. 
Okay, just last one, if I am allowed and Dhanuka ji mentioned in his opening remark about this 
online platform like Agrostar and DeHaat and 
all, 
so the sales and providing your product 
through these channels online platform itself, so Rahul ji, do you see that there is an emergence 
of such online platform in a rural area and a creation of a third market, third party platform that 
can affect the existing distribution system like how that your company have 
a dealers and 
distributor network, do you see that in next three to five years there can be significant change 
with this emergence of online platform or it will be just only very miniscule and how you are 
gearing up for that ? 
Though not in next three to five years but on a longer horizon, farmer will be shifting towards 
technology use for resolution of his problems and probably for procurement needs also and we 
are witnessing that shift having started at a very small level already. Yet there are two aspects to 
it. One that still only 35% of the agriculture remains chemically protected so a large portion 65% 
being not chemically protected, there is a huge scope of expansion and consumption increasing in 
the country. Multiple channels will be active to service the farmer and deliver the last mile rural 
connectivity. Technology platforms like Agrostar and DeHaat are going to be such platforms 
offering such solution to the farmer, yet Brick and Mortar is going to remain relevant for a 
relatively longer time to come. As Dhanuka we are looking forward to these new players as 
Page 10 of 15

dhanuka 
Rohan Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
possible partners of growing the business at the same time not discounting the opportunity of 
direct reach to the consumer and face-to-face interaction through our Dhanuka doctors and 
through our trade retailers, right now the situation is emerging for us to learn. We are playing on 
both the sides and we are gearing up to play aggressively on the technology side. 
Thank you very much. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
I just wanted to know what is structurally wrong from FY2017, we had gross margins of 43%, 
44% we are down to 36% in FY2022, so is it because backward integrated companies are able to 
price their products better or is there something else? 
Probably there was inventory largely and over 
a period 
in the 
last four years, because of 
competition, there has 
a impact on margins undoubtedly. The competition has increased 
in 
general market as compared to 2017-18. 
Okay and sorry if it is a repetitive question. Just wanted to know the asset for Dahej facility 
which is coming up? 
Could you repeat your question? 
I wanted asset turnover for Dahej facility which is coming up in FY2023? 
FY 2023, there is no revenue from Dahej. 
No revenue from Dahej, okay and for FY2024 what kind of assets are we looking at’? 
FY2024 would be the first year, so we are expecting a revenue in the first year around Rs.50 
Crores. 
Okay and just wanted to know if you could share cash flow from operations for this quarter, 
I 
know you do not give the balance sheet for this, but if at all you could provide that figure? 
Which share do you want? 
Cash flow from operations for this quarter? 
Cash flow from operation this quarter will communicate, we will send on email. 
Thank you so much. 
Page 11 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Moderator: 
Varshit Shah: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Varshit Shah from Veto Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Again thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on, how do you see the equilibrium price on 
the technical side, so as we mentioned earlier that largely prices are stable or some big marketing 
in certain cases, so do you think that the demand supply equilibrium is largely now established at 
the global level for most technical and now the incremental rate of change will be more 
a 
function of RFID rather than the disruptions on the supply chain front? 
Supply chain equilibrium assessment is too early, because the situation has just eased in July, so 
we really do not know if this ease situation will continue number one. Number two the news 
flowing in from China is not very clear that this ease of supply chain is just because of the stuck 
inventory in the logistics or 
if the backend also everything 
in this move 
so we absolutely 
understand that this is the inventory which was stuck in pipeline which is now flowing in out of 
China into India and globally, yet this is the complete picture of there is more to it, so that is yet 
to be discovered which will help understanding supply chain situation in a better way, so this is 
just an immersion for one part of the story and not the complete. Talking about the global level I 
think so the values of weather are playing their role in the corn and soya bean markets globally 
and that will really decide the demand side which is not really clear as of now. Even in India the 
demand side is just opening up so we are yet to discover how it will open up completely, paddy is 
looking up, cotton opportunity is robust, soyabean opportunity, groundnut opportunity is robust 
in India so how the demand will pan out all India, how the demand will pan out globally is yet to 
be seen. Talking about the global level, could be too early. 
That was really helpful and on the domestic front, we have seen 
a lot of companies adding 
capacities especially on herbicide side, fungicide side across the board, so from an alternative 
supply chain perspective, Is India kind of stepping up at least in terms of supply albeit maybe at a 
slightly higher cost, but do you see these kind of capacities could lay a stronger foundation for 
the future three to five years, 
I am asking a very broad question not pertaining to the Dhanuka 
itself? 
We can make 
it broader in terms of looking at the chemical industry in general, so India is 
certainly emerging as a chemical manufacturing hub from the agrochemical perspective, from 
fine chemicals perspective, from pharmaceutical perspective so chemical industry 
is looking 
going ahead in terms of India emerging as a seller, large seller on a global front. Now I will not 
goes to the credit of government pushing the Aatmanirbhar Bharat campaign and then supporting 
with PLIs on various fronts. As also is the demand supply arbitrage which came from COVID 
link situation in China, supply chain issues coming in from China, yet for India to emerge as a 
leader and to be to be talked in the the same language, same sentence with China is a long way to 
go. Now if we were to expand this discussion then long way to go means that India is a long 
distance to cover at the same time a huge opportunity to encash. 
Page 12 of 15

® 
dhanuka 
Varshit Shah: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
I think that is helpful, so if I were to stretch this question a bit. In terms of the competitiveness of 
manufacturing since we are also evaluating a lot of projects at Dahej and in terms of molecules 
from a competitive landscape perspective has that bridge narrowed at least in a lot of molecules if 
not 
all and typically we 
see that molecules where there 
is very high complexity involving 
processes, involving the tends to do better on the cost curve, so at least in those molecules do you 
see that the gap is narrowing between the cost of production between India and China or I think 
that the waste is large and trying to settle down on this COVID and then see VSS how it stands 
out? 
I know one thing for sure that costs in China has significantly gone up over last three years and 
one of the factors towards that was environmental regulations being strengthened in China and 
the elasticity of campaigns, environmental campaigns run by the government there. Now how the 
cost is panning out is yet to be defined, yet if we look at if we generalize this to an extent that lot 
of capacity is coming up in India for different chemicals Dahej just being one example, many 
chemical plants 
are coming up 
in India and there 
is 
a 
lot 
of buzz around investments 
in 
petrochemical industry, fine chemical industry that buzz certainly talks of one thing that the 
demand from Indian market is absolutely existing. How much is the gap between Chinese and 
Indian cost or how much is the gap between Chinese and Indian reliability are the two factors 
which India can leverage as a country so that is something will vary either industry by industry or 
if there is a country advantage here then that becomes too macro to be responded too. 
Absolutely may be I will take this over a cup of coffee with you someday. 
Absolutely, most welcome sir. 
Thank you so much. I think all the best to you for the upcoming season. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the followup. Again on the Dahej project so we had earlier indicated that we will be 
having the formulation plant, one insecticide MPT and one MPT for Weedicide; however, we 
were constrained from the customer side because the plant was not radiant obviously they were 
awaiting the entire commissioning of the plant, so any positive vibes from the customer in terms 
of orders or any headways from that point? Thank you. 
I am wondering on this question because we never brought in anything in reference to the 
customers here, 
so well no relation 
to that. Our Dahej project 
is on track 
in terms 
of its 
commissioning plan of March 2023 and that continues to be there. 
Right I did not ask the right question, so basically earlier we were an asset like model and given 
that our customers were situated outside of India and they want someone to manufacture or sold 
Page 13 of 15

dhanuka 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
V.K. Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Moderator: 
VP Rajesh: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
their products, we have now put up this facility and probably given our long term relationships, 
we will be able to capitalize on those relationships to get such kind of orders, so 
I was just 
referring from that perspective that any customers who have approached us now that we have 
clarity in terms of when the plant is going to be coming up and we will be able to serve them 
better from that perspective? Thank you. 
Right. Now 
I got your point. When we are pushing up this Dahej facility then 
it 
is multi- 
dimensional of course we are setting it up for to some extent for captive consumption then for 
domestic and export market and also for toll manufacturing for our various global opportunities 
and those are like in talks, some of them are moving forward with different speeds and as and 
when they shape up along with the Dahej projects designed then probably would be a good time 
to bring to this forum. 
This is very useful. So one again last question in terms of guidance, so based on the guidance on 
revenue and EBITDA and what we have done in first quarter it seems that we will have to make 
about average Rs.75 Crores EBITDA for the next three quarters so what gives us confidence that 
we will be able to achieve it, is it based on the new products which are introduced based on the 
ITI which has gone to about 18% during Q1 so what are the parameters with which we are so 
confident that we will be able to achieve this particular guidance? Thank you. 
We are quite confident in terms of the seasonality if we are actually confident of believing with 
growth so Iam sure we should be able to deliver that much of EBITDA. 
That is really helpful. Thanks a lot and best of luck Sir. 
Thank you. We have the last question from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
I was saying that most of my questions have been answered. 
I just 
wanted to ask about your view on the monsoons and in this month and September are you seeing 
them getting better and therefore by the time season ends it will be more normal or you see some 
deficiencies in these territories? 
You are equally dependent on IMD and Skymet so please do not take a moment. We are really 
happy the way monsoon has exhibited its performance in the month of July that has been really 
heartning the soil moistures and water levels have gone up. The sentiments in the markets have 
really boosted, inventories have really moved, farmer is looking forward to a good crop, so all 
that 
is really turning out favorable. We are looking out to a very robust Q2 and we are very 
positive about it. Some of the indicators are that monsoon will continue to be good in the month 
of August and September, although East India might face some slowed or delayed rain still, so 
East India is lagging behind in general and the forecast might still lag behind somewhat. Other 
than that the country is expected to continue to receive good monsoon rains. 
Page 14 of 15

dhanuka 
VP Rajesh: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
VP Rajesh: 
Moderator: 
Manish Mahawar: 
M K Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
August 02, 2022 
Okay, that is very helpful and my second question is on the paddy prices you said that they have 
shot up, so do you see them pulling off if the monsoon is good or do you think the sowing season 
has already passed for that crop and therefore the prices will remain high? 
The sowing season is largely passed for majority of the country; however, south and east is still 
there are sowing opportunities number one. Number two in general India has been 
a paddy 
excess country, we normally have excess paddy, 
so overall farmer can benefit 
if the prices 
remain high 
at the time of selling also or India is able to offload 
a large chunk of excess 
inventory in the global market, so both situations India can really benefit. The farmer can really 
benefit. 
Understood. Okay, thank you so much. That is all. 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique 
Stock Broking Limited for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, 
I would like to thank the team of Dhanuka 
Agritech for providing us an opportunity to host the call. Dhanukaji, would you like to make a 
closing comment Sir. 
To summarize, Dhanuka continues to demonstrate its ability to overcome challenges and among 
stronger despite uncertain business environment. We will aggressively roll out new formulations 
in the upcoming quarter and would ensure that 
it reaches 
to the consumer. 
I reassure our 
stakeholders that we are committed to the task of transforming the landscape of agriculture in 
India and will play an integral role in rewriting the future of a better and new India. 
I once again 
ensure that the second quarter is going to be a fantastic quarter for the company and the industry 
because of the good rainfall and July has shown the positive path ahead. So we expect that 
similar performance, we will be able to do in August and September month and by end of 
September, we will be able to show much better performance. Wishing you all the health and 
safety. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 15 of 15
