 
     August 8, 2022 
 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 530019 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: JUBLPHARMA 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the earnings 
conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript 
of Analyst and Investor Conference Call for Unaudited financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on Tuesday, 
August 2, 2022 
 
The transcript of the earning conference call is enclosed and the web-link of the same is 
also given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantpharmova.com/Uploads/files/85q2consfileJubilantPharmovaQ1
FY23EarningsConcallTranscript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Pharmova Limited 
 
 
Naresh Kapoor 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
Naresh 
Kapoor
Digitally signed by 
Naresh Kapoor 
Date: 2022.08.08 
19:40:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
 
 
1. Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Hari S. Bhartia, Co-Chairman and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
4. Mr. Pramod Yadav, CEO, Jubilant Pharma Limited  
5. Mr. Giuliano Perfetti, CEO & Managing Director, Jubilant Biosys Limited 
6. Mr. Syed Kazmi, CEO, Jubilant Therapeutics  
7. Mr. Arun Sharma, Chief Financial Officer 
8. Mr. Vineet V Mayer, Investor Relations, Jubilant Pharmova Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Amit Goela - Rare Enterprises 
2. Rahul Veera - Abakkus Asset Manager  
3. Nikhil Mathur - HDFC Mutual Fund 
4. Vinay Jain – Karma Capital 
5. Tushar Manudhane – Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 

 
Page 3 of 27 
 
 
Jubilant Pharmova Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jubilant Pharmova 
Limited Q1 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vineet Mayer, Head-Investor 
Relations. Thank you, and over to you Mr. Mayer. 
  
 
Vineet Mayer:  
Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on 
our Q1 FY '23 earnings conference call. I would like to remind you that 
some of the statements made on the call today could be forward looking 
in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the 
press release that has been shared on our website. 
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, 
Co-Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO; 
Mr. Pramod Yadav, CEO, Jubilant Pharma; Mr. Giuliano Perfetti, CEO, 
Jubilant Biosys; Mr. Syed Kazmi, CEO, Jubilant Therapeutics; and Mr. Arun 

 
Page 4 of 27 
 
Sharma, CFO Jubilant Pharmova. I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share 
his comments. 
  
Shyam Bhartia:  
Good evening everyone. I hope you and your family are safe and healthy. 
 
During the quarter, the Company reported YoY improvement in sales in 
Specialty Pharmaceuticals and CRDMO, which was offset by CDMO Sterile 
Injectables and Generics segments  
 
 
In Specialty Pharmaceuticals, the Radiopharmaceuticals segment reported 
higher sales and profitability on account of recovery from COVID-19 
impact, while Radiopharmacies business witnessed higher sales on 
account of recovery from pandemic and launch of new products. Our 
Allergy Business continues to perform strongly and witnessed healthy 
growth YoY. In the CDMO sterile injectables segment, revenue stood 
lower YoY as in Q1’FY22 the business realized higher revenue from COVID-
19 related contracts as compared to this quarter. Generics segment’s 
performance was impacted by pricing pressure in the US market and 
Import Alert related challenges which resulted in lower performance as 
compared to Q1’FY22. 
 
 
In CRDMO, while our Drug Discovery Services segment continued to 
report robust growth led by higher volumes and stable pricing, the CDMO-
API segment reported lower revenue as the Nanjangud plant is 
undergoing asset replacement and plant upgradation, which contributed 
to lower volumes. 
 
 
In the Proprietary Novel Drugs business, Phase I/II trials is underway for 
our lead program – Dual LSD1/HDAC6 inhibitor. 2nd program (Brain 
penetrant PRMT5 inhibitor) IND filing was done in Q2 FY23 and we have 
now received FDA clearance for the IND. 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 27 
 
I am glad to share that the API demerger has become effective with April 
1, 2022 as the appointed date.  This demerger will enable us to create 
synergies between CRO & CDMO businesses and will help in supporting 
our customers for their needs from early stage of research to 
commercialization of active ingredients, thereby providing competitive 
edge to this business.  
 
 
I would like to inform that for better understanding of performance and 
outlook of our various businesses, the Company has reorganized the 
reporting segments from Q1’FY23 onwards and the details will be covered 
by Pramod and Giuliano in their parts on this call. 
 
With this, I hand over to Pramod to discuss the Pharma business. 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. I would like to 
mention that as part of our segment reorganisation done in this quarter, 
our Pharmaceuticals operations are split into Specialty Pharmaceuticals 
comprising Radiopharma and Allergy Immunotherapy segments, into 
CDMO Sterile Injectables segment that was previously named CMO and 
into Generics segment.  
 
Along with the re-segmentation, from this quarter onwards, we have 
started providing revenue and EBITDA details of various business lines to 
provide more insight to investors on performance of our various 
businesses. Would like to highlight due to seasonality and other factors, 
performance of a business can vary quarter on quarter and hence we 
believe annual performance tracking can be a better indicator of 
performance of a particular business. 
 
 
With this I will share performance of our various businesses in first 
quarter of financial year 2023. Q1’FY23, revenue from Specialty 

 
Page 6 of 27 
 
pharmaceuticals was at Rs 722 Crore versus Rs 632 Crore in Q1'FY22. 
EBITDA was at Rs 117 Crs vs. Rs 75 Crs in Q1’FY22 with a margin of 16.2% 
vs. 11.9% in Q1’FY22 
 
 
Radiopharmaceuticals business witnessed improvement in sales driven by 
recovery from easing of COVID-19 pandemic. Sequentially sales lower due 
to some customer order scheduling in previous quarter 
 
Ruby-Fill installations shows encouraging trend, sales increased both on a 
YoY and sequential basis in Q1’FY23. Radiopharmacies business witnessed 
growth YoY and sequentially due to higher volumes led by continued 
increase in market share of existing products as well as launch of new 
products. Turnaround plan is working well reflected by higher volumes 
and better operational efficiencies. 
 
Allergy Immunotherapy reported healthy revenue growth YoY. Business 
continues to operate at volumes higher than pre-COVID levels. CDMO 
Sterile Injectables’ revenue at Rs 263 Crore vs. Rs 373 Crore in Q1'FY22 
and EBITDA at Rs 132 Crore vs. Rs 216 Crore in Q1'FY22.  
 
Revenue and profitability lower vs. Q1’FY22 as business witnessed higher 
COVID related business during the previous quarter. In Q1’FY23, we 
witnessed COVID related deals of Rs 70 Crs vs. Rs 220 Crs in Q1’FY22. 
Sequentially revenue lower due to shutdown in Q4’FY22 and some 
stabilization issues in Q1’FY23 that led to lower volumes during the 
quarter. 
 
Generics revenue at Rs 178 Crore vs. Rs 432 Crore in Q1'FY22. Revenue 
and profitability was lower in Q1’FY22 Pricing pressure in the US market. 
During the quarter the business witnessed sharp fall in sartan prices that 
impacted performance. Lower volumes due to import alert at Roorkee 
plant. Lower Remdesivir sales due to fewer hospitalisations also impacted 

 
Page 7 of 27 
 
performance of this business. In Q1’FY23, we witnessed nil sales of 
Remdesivir vs Rs 133 Crore in Q1’FY22 and Rs 4 Crore in Q4’FY22. 
 
 
In July 2022, the USFDA announced removal of Olanzapine, 
Spironolactone, and Valsartan from the list of excepted products w.r.t the 
Roorkee Import Alert post its review of the product supply situation and 
company’s compliance status. 
 
US FDA has recently completed audit of the Roorkee facility and has 
issued six observations. Company will submit action plan on same and will 
engage with US FDA 
 
Happy to inform you that Health Canada inspected our Roorkee site in 
early June and awarded “Compliance” rating. 
 
With this, I hand over to Giuliano to provide insight into contract research, 
development, and manufacturing organization business. 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
Thank you, Pramod. I would like to mention that pursuant to the 
completion of the demerger of the API business, we have clubbed our 
Drug Discovery Services, earlier called as Contract Research and 
Development Services, and CDMO-API business, which was earlier called 
as API into a single segment called Contract Research Development and 
Manufacturing Organisation (CRDMO) 
 
The CRDMO segment reported sales of Rs 280 Crs vs. Rs 193 Crs during 
Q1’FY22. EBITDA of this segment was at Rs 46 Crs vs. Rs 53 Crs in Q1 last 
year. 
 
Drug Discovery Services revenue at 118 Crs vs. 88 Crs in Q1’FY22 as robust 
volume growth drove YoY revenue increase. Higher demand from Biotech 
companies for integrated services, functional chemistry and DMPK, 
Discovery Biology and Clinical trial data management support through 
Trial Stat, Canada. 

 
Page 8 of 27 
 
 
Volumes increase during the quarter was supported by the Greater Noida 
facility that was commissioned in Sep 2021. Sequentially revenue lower 
in-line with historical trends of Q4 being a stronger quarter. Strong capex 
plan underway in view of robust demand conditions in this business. 
 
 
CDMO – API business’ revenue was at Rs 162 Crs vs. Rs 105 Crs in Q1’FY22 
due to higher volumes. Sequentially revenue was lower as there was a 
shutdown in one of the plants at the facility as part of the ongoing asset 
replacement programs for plant upgradation and capacity expansion 
 
With this, I now hand over to Syed to discuss the Proprietary Novel Drugs 
pipeline. 
  
Syed Kazmi:   
Thank you, Giuliano. Good evening, everyone. • In our proprietary novel 
drugs business, we are focused on developing potential first in class and 
best in class precision therapies in oncology and auto-immune space. The 
company uses Jubilant’s proven discovery engine with structure-based 
drug discovery expertise and a track record of partnerships. 
 
 
Phase I/II trial is ongoing for JBI-802, a dual LSD1/HDAC6 inhibitor, for 
patients in advanced solid tumors with the primary objective to identify 
the recommended Phase II dose and to evaluate the safety and anti-
tumor activity of JBI-802. Target indications include subsets of small cell 
lung cancer and neuroendocrine prostate cancer with specific genetic 
signatures. We expect initial clinical data from first 3-4 cohorts by end of 
the year and the completion of dose escalation part of the trial early next 
year.   
 
 
We are also in the process of IND filing with FDA for the 2nd program in 
our pipeline - oral brain penetrant inhibitor of PRMT5, JBI 778.  This 

 
Page 9 of 27 
 
program is initially focused on high unmet needs in brain cancer, including 
glioblastoma and brain metastases. 
 
 
I would like to mention that Jubilant Therapeutics has received FDA 
Clearance of IND for JBI-778, an Oral, Brain Penetrant and Selective 
PRMT5 Inhibitor, for Treatment of Solid Tumors with Brain Metastases 
and Primary Brain Tumors 
 
 
Blueprint Medicines has initiated the Phase 1/2 trial of BLU-451 (covered 
under our out licensing agreement) in patients with EGFR-driven NSCLC 
harboring exon 20 insertion mutations. This led to a milestone payment 
from Blueprint to Jubilant Therapeutics with potential for additional 
milestone triggers as the program progresses through clinical 
development.  
 
 
We presented emerging preclinical data at two major international 
oncology conferences –American Association of Cancer Research New 
Orleans (April) and American Society of Clinical Oncology Chicago in 
(May). Jubilant Therapeutics was also selected by BIO International 
Convention in San Diego to chair and moderate a scientific/panel session 
on epigenetics therapeutics in cancer with subject matter experts from 
Pfizer, Dana Farber Cancer Center and Lumanity.  
 
Jubilant Therapeutics is now a clinical stage biotech with higher value 
creation opportunities driven by emerging data from first-in-human 
studies and additional IND filings. 
 
With this, I hand over to Arun to discuss the financials. Thank you. 
  

 
Page 10 of 27 
 
Arun Sharma:  
Thank you, Syed. A very good evening and I thank everyone for taking out 
time and joining us on our quarterly Earnings Conference Call. I would like 
to highlight the Company’s financial performance for the Q1 FY23.  
 
 
Jubilant Pharmova’s revenue stood at Rs 1,452 Crore versus Rs 1,635 
Crore in Q1'FY22 and Rs 1,528 Crore in Q4’FY22. Specialty 
pharmaceuticals revenue was at Rs 722 Crore as compared to Rs 632 
Crore in Q1'FY22. CDMO Sterile Injectables revenue was at Rs 263 Crore 
vs. Rs 373 Crore and Generics segment reported revenue of Rs 178 Crore 
vs. Rs 432 Crore.  
 
 
The CRDMO segment witnessed strong growth with revenue at Rs 280 
Crore as against Rs 193 Crore in Q1'FY22. Reported EBITDA during the 
quarter was at Rs 204 Crore as compared with Rs 379 Crore in Q1’FY22 
and Rs 244 Crore in Q4’FY22 with margin at 14.0% vs. 23.2% in Q1’FY22 
and 16% in Q4’FY22.  
 
 
Depreciation & Amortization expense during the quarter was at Rs 95 
Crore vs. Rs 88 Crore in Q1’FY22. Finance costs at Rs 40 Crore vs. Rs 35 
Crore in Q1'FY22.  
 
 
PAT was at Rs 47 Crore as compared with Rs 160 Crore in Q1'FY22 and Rs 
59 Crore in Q4’FY22. EPS was at Rs 2.96 versus Rs 10.1  in Q1'FY22 and Rs 
3.74 in Q4’FY22. 
 
 
Net Debt (on a constant currency basis) on June 30, 2022 was at Rs 1,951 
Crore vs. Rs 1,954 Crore as on June 30, 2021. Average blended interest 
rate for Q1’FY23 at 4.84% from 4.56% in FY22. Capital expenditure, 
excluding R&D capitalization, was at Rs 98 Crore for the quarter. We 
expect to incur capex of around Rs 700-750 Crore in FY23 primarily 
towards expansion in CMO business and enhancement of Drug Discovery 

 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Services capabilities and capacities. In addition, we expect product 
development expenditure of Rs 250-300 Crore. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be 
happy to address any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Amit Goela from Rare Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Yes, sir. Hi, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly 
thank you for breaking out the business in so many different manners. It 
makes it so much easier to keep track of it. So that is a really nice 
presentation sir. That really appreciated sir. Sir, a couple of questions I 
have and if you feel, I'm running out this thing, please tell me and I'll come 
back on -- in the queue. Regarding radiopharmaceuticals, good to see the 
radio pharmacy number and EBITDA over there. One is when do you 
expect breakeven over there. And next question is that why the numbers 
would decline sequentially in terms of topline for radiopharma business 
and is the margin decline only because of volume decline, or there some 
pricing pressure or a premium product mix? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
On your first question about the pharmacy, we have been indicating that 
we expect breakeven in FY24 and if you look at the numbers and the 
trend, we are on track. We are confident that in FY24, the business will be 
break even. 
  
Amit Goela:  
That would be great, sir. 
  
Pramod Yadav:   
With regards to sequentially lower volume in radiopharmaceuticals, lower 
revenue, if you recall in the last quarter also, we indicated that in Q1, the 

 
Page 12 of 27 
 
performance or the volumes were higher because of some customer 
scheduling which will get corrected in Q1 of this year and as we had 
predicted, so that has happened. This is more of a scheduling and really 
nothing much to read into that, and that's what I mentioned in my 
opening remark also that in such business, the quarter-to-quarter 
variations will be there. It will be good to see overall the annual numbers. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Okay. Do you expect the margins to go back to historical margins in this 
business as the COVID effect goes away and the business settles down? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
You are talking about radiopharma or radiopharmaceuticals? 
  
Amit Goela:  
Radiopharma 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
The radiopharma, as our losses of the radiopharmacies keep on coming 
down, we expect the margins to continue to improve. Then we also have 
launches of the new products in the pipeline. We are also ramping up the 
Ruby-Fill. So these 3 action plans keep on getting implemented, the 
margins will definitely continue to improve from the current levels. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Regarding the sterile injectables, when do you expect the new capacity to 
come on line and when do you think that the entire COVID business will 
be nullified, then we'll be back to normal case? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So entire COVID business had almost nullified in this quarter. There is very 
little revenue left which we have to recognize in rest of the 3 quarters of 
this financial year. 
  
But at the same time, let me assure you that when we look at the 
business non-COVID, in that term, the business is very stable with healthy 

 
Page 13 of 27 
 
margins. In FY23, we expect to be better than what it used to during the 
pre-COVID levels when we exclude the COVID days. 
  
Amit Goela: 
You think this business will be better than FY 2020 level? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes, from FY20 levels, I'm talking because FY21 onwards, we had the 
COVID impact. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Sir, when the new capacities come in place? 
  
Pramod Yadav:   
We had made announcements in 3 phases. One additional line for 
Spokane, which was our first announcement that will be coming up by 
end of CY24. Then we made the announcement, for another line which 
takes the Spokane capacity to 100% from the current level, that line is 
expected in FY27 and for Montreal expansion also, the first line will be up 
and running in FY27. 
  
Amit Goela:  
By FY24 end, in terms of vials, if you could break out the -- what would be 
the capacity in terms of number of vials or whatever? I'm not asking for 
the price or volume value, but in terms of vials, what would be our 
capacity? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
It's very difficult to calculate that way because it will also depend upon 
the vial size. There are the various vials from the 2.5 mL going right up to 
50 ml. So it will depend upon which vial size are you using and whether 
you are filling the liquid or the lyo, the different products have the 
different batch times. Anyone who talks about the capacity in terms of the 
vials, is little, I will say theoretical because it will depend upon the various 
factors. 
  

 
Page 14 of 27 
 
Amit Goela:  
Fair enough point accepted. Coming down to this drug discovery business, 
it is reasonable, it would be a very stable business. So why would there be 
quarterly volatility like INR 142 crore and INR118 crore and that kind of 
stuff? 
 
 Giuliano Perfetti:  
Thank you for your question. The CRDMO business has shown a robust 
growth versus last year. The sub-sequential quarter 1, Quarter 4 is slightly 
below. This is due to the cyclicity of the business. So every Q1 is typically 
less robust than Q4 and that's the only reason. We foresee still a robust 
growth for the rest of the year. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Okay, given your expansion, which is going on, by the fourth quarter of 
FY24, what would be exit rate in this business? What would you looking 
at? Can you guide on that? 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
Yes. We are running a very large and robust CapEx plan. In addition to the 
Greater Noida site, which was commissioned at September 2021, we are 
expanding Greater Noida site and this will be completed in Q2 FY24. So 
overall we are trying to position ourselves in the better way to support 
the growth and to keep the same pace of the growth, we registered in 
these last quarters. Overall, I would say that in the range of 20% to 25%, it 
would be the kind of capacity we want to add. 
  
Amit Goela:   
Okay, So annually, we can look at 25% growth? 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
That should be the range, we expect. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Okay, two more questions, one in your CapEx of INR750 Cr, you said you 
will be doing product development of INR250 Cr. Is this your normal R&D 
and will this be written off or will be capitalized? 
  

 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Arun Sharma:  
It depends most probably if we do in dosage, it will capitalized and in API, 
it will be written off. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Okay, lastly, whenever you get an opportunity, maybe today or in the next 
call, if you could give us a little bit more color on your generic strategy 
that would be very helpful, because that is one of the weaker business, 
maybe next call or today or whenever, if you could just give a little bit 
more color on how you plan to make grow that business and more 
profitable? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes, I can give you little bit insight right now, as I mentioned that the 
USFDA has completed the audit and they have issued 6 observations. But 
if you ask me, I will say that the audit outcome is very good because in 6 
of the observations, there is no observation, which is related to data 
fraud. There is no repeat observations and most of the observations are 
related to the process improvements and such type of the things. So we 
will be engaging with the FDA and we are hopeful, but we will get to know 
the outcome after about 3.5 months saying that you are already aware 
that we are spending money into the R&D, because we have focused 
more and more into development of the complex generics which are 
difficult to enter into the market. So that as and when the sites are out of 
the compliance, we are able to launch the products with the higher 
margins. 
 
In the meantime to de-risk our business for our existing products, we are 
already moving them to the CMO sites where we expect to start 
generating revenues in this financial year itself. 
  
And at the same time, we are also focusing on non-U.S. markets where we 
do not have any compliance issue and we will be increasing the volume. 
We are implementing all those strategies properly and as of now the 

 
Page 16 of 27 
 
generic business, the differentials are a kind of a drag, but we think that 
it's for the short term. 
  
Amit Goela:  
Okay, So you think you will be able to see a turnaround by the end of the 
year, or it will take longer? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
I will say that there is a very high probability or quite a good chance that 
by end of this year, it should be breaking even because we are hopeful for 
the USFDA outcome, but as it's the regulatory agency, so we should keep 
the fingers crossed.  
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus Asset 
Manager LLP. Please go ahead. 
  
Rahul Veera:  
Good evening. I would like to really appreciate the team because of the 
detailed presentation. Couple of questions on the generic side. In Q1 FY 
'22, if you see, we've done INR400--430 Crs of top line with EBITA at 
INR53 crore. So I wanted to understand, like what would be the 
contribution of remdesivir out here? Was there any contribution of 
remdesivir out here? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
I mentioned that remdesivir in Q1 was INR133 Cr Vs. zero this year. So 
that had an impact and then there was the impact of the import alert and 
impact of the Sartan  prices and impact of overall the pricing pressure in 
the U.S. market. 
  
Rahul Veera:  
Sure just wanted to understand like before this sartan price rise happened 
since 2018-2019 when the ratio started moving up and the prices started 
moving up, were we making money in this business on the generic side or 
we were at EBITDA loss? 
  

 
Page 17 of 27 
 
Pramod Yadav:  
You are asking when the Sartans prices are higher? 
  
Rahul Veera:   
Yes. Before that. Before the sartans price started moving up. 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes, of course, we have been making good money into the generic 
business. It's only after the import alert and the pricing pressure into the 
U.S. market, the impact came in, but as I just explained to Mr. Goela that 
we feel that we should be out of the compliance soon and we are also 
working on the various other strategies. This should be a short-term and 
the business will be breaking even sometime by the end of this year and 
as soon as the site is out of the compliance, so we have lot of pending 
ANDAs for which we will start getting the approvals and we have the 
launch plans in place to keep launching the products. 
   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
  
Nikhil Mathur:  
Yes. Thanks a lot and good evening, everyone. So first question is, I have 
on the radiopharmacy business. I've not checked today's presentation, but 
in couple of recent presentations, it has been mentioned that the 
company has presence via 48 pharmacies in the U.S. Can you give some 
sense out of this 48 pharmacies, what percentage of these pharmacies 
would be breakeven or would be generating positive EBITDA at this 
moment? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So far we have not been discussing business wise, the revenue and 
EBITDA. Now we have started giving business wise revenue and EBITDA. 
So that itself is quite a lot of disclosure from our side. Going pharmacy 
wise, the EBITDA margin, gross margin or the product wise contribution, 
etc., then we are also ending up giving too much information to the 
competition. So let's avoid it. 

 
Page 18 of 27 
 
  
Nikhil Mathur:  
Sir, I'm not looking for exact numbers here. I mean, what I'm trying to 
softly understand is that, if there is a certain proportion of pharmacies, 
which are kind of profitable today, there might be some commonalities 
between those pharmacies and that can give some understanding on the 
ones which are not generating positive EBITDA today. What it might take 
to bring them up and running in terms of generating positive EBITDA? So 
that the only I'm trying to understand is there a decent proportion of 
pharmacy which are today EBITDA positive? I'm not looking for any 
specifics there. 
  
Shyam Bhartia:  
Definitely some of the pharmacies are more profitable, some of the 
pharmacies are less profitable, some of the provinces are incurring losses. 
That is where the whole system is incurring losses. Now our -- what we 
are trying to do to improve profitability is the pharmacy which are 
incurring losses, either we convert them to be profitable or if they not 
possible to be profitable, we review that operation differently , but those 
who are less profitable, we want to make it more profitable and there are 
2 ways to make it profitable. One is the increase in sale of existing 
products and add new products. So by both these method, we are trying 
to make it profitable because if every pharmacy is profitable, then we 
would not have incurred losses. 
Nikhil Mathur:  
Okay, so our question attached to this. Let's say, do you have a hard 
timeline in your mind, that the pharmacies, which are today not 
generating cash flow, you would take a hard stance and actually right size 
or downsize your pharmacy network if the turnaround doesn't happen, 
what we are envisaging over the next 10, 12, 15 months, any timeline that 
you have in mind? 
  
Shyam Bhartia:  
You see, we have a complete program that is how we will become 
breakeven, complete program of converting these pharmacies -- some of 

 
Page 19 of 27 
 
the pharmacies who are less profitable, make it more profitable, some of 
pharmacies, we are making losses, make it profitable and rest, we will 
review every month and every quarter, what is going forward. So our 
strategy is always very flexible and we keep on reviewing it and that is 
how we have promised that by next year, it will be breakeven. You will see 
quarter-on-quarter a better result in this. 
  
Nikhil Mathur:  
Understood, sir. That's fair enough. Sir, on the generic side, if I look at this 
quarter numbers INR178 crs of revenues and INR70 crs of EBITDA -- 
negative EBITDA that we have generated. If you were to breakeven in this 
business. I would imagine that minimum INR160 crore to INR170 crore of 
more revenue would be required to kind of be EBITDA neutral in this 
particular business and that amounts to almost INR700 crs of incremental 
revenues. Do you think that 8 months down the line or 9 months down 
the line whatever sales today is happening, there might be competition 
that is coming into the products, which are not able to sell today, you can 
immediately generate this INR770 crore of sales once your import alert 
gets lifted and that itself, the timeline can be quite extended? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
This quarter, our overall revenue of the generic is low, not only because 
we have not been able to sell the volumes. We had for purpose reduced 
the volume, because our site was busy in doing all those remediation 
activities. We had committed to FDA that we will be completing the 
remediation by end of July and we have been seriously working on that 
and FDA did walk in as a surprise inspection towards the mid of July. So 
since due to the remediation of our volumes were low, now the 
remediation work is completed, USFDA inspection is over, now, we need 
to increase the production and get back into the market, especially into 
the non-U.S. market where we have been going slow. 
  

 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Nikhil Mathur:  
So would it be fair to assume that there is some cost sitting in the INR74 
crore loss, which is kind of non-recurring in nature, may be little 
remediation or exceptional closure of certain lines? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes. They were unabsorbed cost for the overheads since plant was not 
running at the capacity. It was running at a much, much lower capacity, 
there was unabsorbed cost. 
  
Nikhil Mathur:  
Okay. And sir, one final question on the radio pharmaceutical 
manufacturing business. You've also talked about certain launches that 
have taken place in this business. Can you give some sense annually in '22, 
'23, '24, '25, how many launches are you planning in this particular 
business and some update on the market potential for MIBG and then 
when is the data due for that particular initiative? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So as of now, we have planned to launch at least 4 products. Probably we 
are trying, one in FY23 and 3 in FY24, within these 2 years, the running 
year and the next year, at least 3 to 4 products we will be launching and 
then we will be launching 1 or 2 more later. So once these products are 
launched which already have a market quite a lot and there are very few 
players, we expect that we will be able to very easily close to 30% to 50% 
market share from the year one onwards, at good prices and good 
margins. 
  
Nikhil Mathur:  
Can you throw some light on the existing competition in this product. Is it 
a 1 or 2 player market or there are 2 or 3 players, so some color here? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
In nuclear medicines, for most of the product, there is only 1 or 2 player. 
There are few products where they are more than 2 players. 
  

 
Page 21 of 27 
 
Nikhil Mathur:   
Got it. And the sales potential from these products. I'm not sure how 
many products you are manufacturing today, but whatever the run rate 
today per product excluding MAA and DTPA, would these products have 
the same potential as rest of your products excluding MAA and DTPA? 
  
So what I'm trying to understand is that if I exclude the 2 big products, 
MAA and DTPA, whatever run rate you have on sales for the remainder of 
the portfolio on a per product basis, would that same run rate apply to 
these launches as well that you are planning in '23 and '24? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So other than MAA and DTPA, even in the other products what we have, 
there is one product where there's only one more small competition, 
otherwise, we are the only one. For the other products, there are some 
more players, but when we launched these products which are in the 
pipeline and at least some of them have quite a good market size and very 
few players, these products will have much higher run rate. 
  
Nikhil Mathur:   
Got it. One final question, on the Spokane CapEx that you are 
undertaking, any broad sense that you can give on the return on capital 
employed that the Spokane initiative can generate for the company and 
what can be the risks to what the current expectation you have on the 
ROCE that you believe this business can generate? 
 
Pramod Yadav:  
So if you already looked at our CMO business, even without COVID deals, 
it's been very healthy margins. The CapEx what we are incurring, generally 
in any sterile business, the ROCE remains little low because the payback 
period is longer. So it takes time for you to create the capacity almost 4 
and 4.5 years and then you build the pipeline after getting the product 
approved. In our case, the story is different. Out of USD285 million, which 
will be spending in Spokane, almost USD150 million is kind of the grant, 
which we don't have to pay back. So our -- the investment in terms of the 

 
Page 22 of 27 
 
CapEx is much lower and hence these expansions will have very healthy 
ROC and also very healthy EBITDA because lot of existing cost of the 
existing infrastructure and of the existing talent pool will be utilized. So 
the incremental costs will be much lower than the current operations. So 
it will have higher EBITDA as well as higher return on capital. 
  
 Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vinay Jain from Karma Capital 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
Just wanted to understand when was this Roorkee inspection conducted 
by USFDA? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
 
So it concluded yesterday and it was for 10 days. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
Understood and the other thing was what happens to the import alert 
status? So this continue still we hear again from USFDA? Like you said, it 
would take around 3 months. 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes. How FDA works is that once their inspector gives the observations, 
those observations company has to give their response in 15 working 
days. So that will be somewhere 24th, 25th of August. Then FDA generally 
takes around 3 months to take the decision, basis inspector observations 
and the company's response that what should be the compliance status of 
the site. So with that timeframe in the mind, it will be sometime in the 
month of November. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
Okay. So even if -- so as you said in your opening remarks that there are 
no repeat observation, there are no observations related to data integrity, 
so even if it is an OAI, the import alert could be removed, right on the 
site? 
  

 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes. FDA has 2 options. If they are satisfied with our -- all the GMP 
standards, they can downgrade from import alert to OAI and in that case, 
our exports to U.S. market will start, but the new approvals will still 
remain on hold and FDA can also directly go to the VAI where they can 
remove the import alert as well as OAI in one go. It will depend upon the 
type of observations, our response to the FDA and the review by Cedar in 
FDA, how they view overall compliance status of the sanction. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
And any incremental cost, which would be incurred towards remediation 
in the coming quarters? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
No. For the observations which has, they are -- most of the observations 
are leading to the minor improvements into our practices. They are not 
going to incur any remediation cost. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
Understood. And lastly, any update on the Nanjangud inspection by 
USFDA? By when can we expect that? 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
You know that probably you may have in mind that we got the last 
inspection few years ago, precisely it's more than 3 years. We basically 
after that inspection, we apply to FDA and based on strong and I would 
say dedicated plan for willingness for next inspection, we were expecting 
FDA to come in any time from now on. Of course, we don't know when 
the FDA would come for another inspection, but we basically issued a 
letter to kindly ask to inspect us. 
  
Vinay Jain:  
Okay. 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
And that was the result of this preparation work where we're engaging 
also specific consultants to any kind of capability which would be subject 
to the inspection. 

 
Page 24 of 27 
 
   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
  
Tushar Manudhane:  
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. The sartans, what is net the price fall in 
sartans? Is it to do with the inventory in the channel or some new 
competition that has come out? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So in the sartans, there was earlier some impurity issues because of which 
the number of players had gone down, and the companies had to invest 
money in cleaning up the processes. But now, since most of the 
companies have done that, and some other companies who saw the 
opportunity because of the higher prices have also jumped into the game. 
Now, there are the more number of players who are able to provide the 
product without impurity and hence there is a price deduction. 
  
Tushar Manudhane:  
Approximately like how much price reduction would have happened 
because of this situation, let's say over past 3 months or when we 
finance? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
It would be little difficult to quantify because the price is different from 
customer to customer and market to market. Then, they are the different 
sartans like valsartan and the Losartan, Losartan HCTZ, but yes each 
product has faced the pricing pressure in almost all the markets. 
  
Tushar Manudhane:  
Okay. Considering the Q1 overall EBITDA of approximately INR200 crore, 
and at the end of FY22, we had commented about at least maintaining the 
overall performance for FY23 -- FY22 as EBITDA of roughly INR1100 crore 
to INR1150 crore. Considering the Q1 performance, considering the 
import alert situation and continuing for 3 months -- I mean at least 3 
months till regulatory outcome comes through and certain operational 

 
Page 25 of 27 
 
issues in the CRDMO segment. So how are we thinking on the overall FY23 
EBITDA? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So I think on EBITDA front, we had mentioned earlier that FY23 will be 
slightly muted than FY22, but in terms of the quarterly trend, I'll say in -- 
generally in our business, the second half is better than the first half. So in 
Q2, you will see performance more or less closer to the Q1 and then you 
will see improved performance in Q3 and Q4. 
  
Syed Kazmi:  
That is in Jubilant Pharma. 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
Yes, that is for Jubilant Pharma, sorry. And then for the other businesses, 
Giuliano comment for CRDMO. 
  
Giuliano Perfetti:  
Yes, I think on CRDMO, particularly on the drug discovery services, I 
already mentioned that typically Q4 is a more robust than Q1. So 
subsequently -- I mean sequential Q1 should be getting lower than Q4. 
Then along the years, I think the majority of those opening in Q3, Q4. I 
think on the API business, quarter analysis is not right, so this should be 
analyzed in the perspective of longer-term consistently with the 
production cycle and the typical dynamic of the business. So this should 
be treated on a yearly basis or at least half-yearly basis and the specific for 
the API, we do expect the second half, which is higher than previous 
halves for FY '23 and that is consistent with the actions we are taking, 
which are set for achieving higher volume, which is driving the growth. 
 
 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Got it. And just wondered royalty inspections, what triggered the 
inspection? I mean it's really appreciating that on the import alert, the 
USFDA inspectors have come quite fast at the site. So what triggered the 
inspection? 

 
Page 26 of 27 
 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
The USFDA now has started doing surprise inspections in India also. 
Earlier, they used to do the inspection with the prior information. In some 
other countries that is globally like especially into the North America, 
anyway they do the surprise inspections. So from the last 2-3 months. If 
you recall, the USFDA, the Congress has also passed a special bill for the 
funding to the USFDA to start the surprise inspections. So it's part of their 
-- that's a revised strategy. So nothing specific which according to us, 
which had the trigger. It was just where we had come into the priority of 
the USFDA. 
  
Tushar Manudhane:   
Interesting. And just lastly, if you could comment on how much would 
have been the quarter-on-quarter increase in the number of installations 
for Ruby-Fill? 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So in Q1, our Ruby-Fill installs were -- I will say one of the highest in any of 
the quarter we have done. 
  
Tushar Manudhane:  
Okay. 
  
Pramod Yadav:  
So there were higher than year-on-year, they were higher -- they were 
also higher sequentially and as such also, one of the highest in the 
quarter. 
   
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
  
Vineet Mayer:  
Thank you everyone for joining the call. Have a good day. 
  

 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Pharmova Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
 
 
Note: There could be unpublished price sensitive information that would have been 
shared /discussed during the call and we have shared Audio Transcript to the Stock 
Exchanges on August 2, 2022 for information of public at large. 
 
 
  
 
