FIBE 
E UES 
August 09, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai~ 400 051 
Company Code No.: 539807 
Company Symbol: INFIBEAM 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
In compliance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor/ Analyst conference call on financial performance of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 conducted on Friday, August 05, 2022 after the meeting 
of Board of Directors, for your information and records. 
This transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. wvVVv.ia.ooo. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Infibeam Avenues Limited 
Shyamal Trivedi 
Sr. Vice President & Company Sec 
Encl.: As above 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Infibeam Incorporation Limited) 
Regd. Office: 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road-SC, Zone-5, GIFT CITY, Gandhinagar, 
Taluka & District- Gandhinagar - 382 355, CIN: L64203GJ2010PLC061366 
Tel: +91 79 67772204 I Fax: +91 79 67772205 I Email: ir@ i . 
I Website: www.ia.ooo 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Infibeam Avenues Limited Q1 FY-23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR. 
MR. VISHWAS PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR. 
MR. SUNIL BHAGAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
MR. PURVESH PAREKH – VP & HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS). 
MR B. RAVI – STRATEGIC ADVISOR. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS LLP 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Goa India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Goa India Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you Lizann. Good morning everyone and welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited Earning 
Call to discuss the Q1 FY23 Results. We have on the call with us today. Mr. Vishal Mehta – 
Managing Director, Mr. Vishwas Patel – Executive Director, Mr. Sunil Bhagat – Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Purvesh Parekh – Head (Investor Relations), and Mr. Ravi – Corporate and 
Financial Advisors. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward looking 
statement and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. We 
now request Mr. Vishal Mehta to take us through the company’s business outlook and financial 
highlights subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thanks, Rajat. Good morning everyone. Thank you for taking time to attend our earnings call 
today. I hope you would have seen our presentation which has been uploaded on the exchanges 
as well as the company’s website. 
We started with a great start in a strong performance in the first quarter of FY23 across all of 
our parameters, that we monitor. Our confidence and strength and scalability of our business 
model and our strategy to focus on merchants and bank for digital payments and providing them 
with differentiated business offering has been very rewarding. Over the years, we’ve always 
innovated well ahead of the curve, and introduced products which have been pioneers in the 
Fintech space. Our most recent launch, which is called tap on pay, CCAvenue TapPay, which 
was launched just last month is a revolutionary product, and it will be a game changer in the 
payment space. I will request Vishwas Patel to talk about it in detail.  
I will briefly discuss the performance for the quarter: 
We delivered strong performance in the standalone business, which is the core India payment 
business and the platform business. All of our financial parameters revenue, EBITDA and PAT 
were at a record high. On a year-over-year basis gross revenue has been up 95%, EBITDA was 
up 51% and PAT is up 137%. The performance has been driven by higher transaction processing 
volumes which we call TPV and increase in take rates in payments business. EBITDA as a 
percentage of net revenue has risen to 64% from 60% year-over-year which we had guided in 
FY21. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
The total transaction processing volume which comprises of digital payments transaction 
processing, as well as what we process on government the marketplace has record high at 87,218 
crores for the quarter. I would like to inform you that the TPV number that we report excludes 
the UPI payments, which contributes to single digit percentage to the payments transaction 
processing volume.  
Another interesting point to note is that this is the fifth consecutive quarter of growth in gross 
and net decrease in India payments business just through payment processing alone. We have 
not yet undertaken any major monetization efforts. Gross take rates in India payments business 
were 78 basis points and net take rate came in at 6.9 basis points, which has been steadily 
improving since the second quarter of 2022 when it was 4.8 basis points. Both the payment and 
industry mix contributed to this increase in take rate. We have in the last quarter of Q4 FY22 
disclosed that the share of credit options which is increased to 45% and that continues. We 
continue to maintain zero MDR payment options in single digit percentage of the overall 
transaction processing volume, while other options constitute the rest, which includes net 
banking, debit cards, prepaid instruments, NEFT, RTGS, et cetera.  
As far as government e-market place is concerned, GeM has already crossed 50,000 crores on 
the 1st of August double the speed rate compared to last year FY22. As far as the industry is 
concerned, I’d like to highlight that outlook is quite positive. We believe payments transaction 
processing volume will continue to grow if there is a significant headroom and large untapped 
merchant and customer base, there are some legacy systems with banks and efforts by the 
government and the regulators to build on the sector in India to create financial inclusion. RBI 
through its most recent published payment vision 2025 report is aiming to triple the digital 
payments in India. Digital payments comprising of cards and prepaid instruments grew 35% to 
Rs.20 trillion and including UPI P2M, it grew to Rs.36 trillion up 70% year-on-year. 
Given the first quarter statistics by RBI and extrapolating it for the full year, it is expected to 
cross Rs.50 trillion rupees FY23. Point of sale in e-commerce are expected to be equal 
contributors. Credit card trends are particularly encouraging, credit cards have increased to 7.9 
crores in June of 2022 from 5.8 crores in March of 2020, which is the pre COVID level. Credit 
card value itself has shown a very strong averaging over Rs.1 trillion in each of the month in 
first quarter. It averaged around 60,000 crores monthly in FY20 the pre COVID period a growth 
of 67% in two years. We have been pioneers in our product offerings for online merchants over 
the last two decades and doing many of the industry firsts in the Fintech space. We want to offer 
differentiated product offering in our other segments also, we want to grow our market share in 
payments, by targeting offline merchants and generating higher cash flows and returns for our 
shareholders.  
Vishwas Patel will throw a few pointers and provide some insights on this. We are focused on 
building a frictionless financial technology company in the digital payments space, which should 
provide a seamless and holistic digital payment solutions to merchants, along with access to 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
capital at a click of a button. Through our comprehensive offerings comprising of software 
platforms, payments and finance. We want to make the merchants digital, credible, and hence 
bankable and offer them financial services in the form of lending based on in depth data analytics 
that we generate based on millions of merchants and transactions. 
I will now hand over the call to Vishwas for his comments. Vishwas over to you.  
Vishwas Patel:  
Thank you, Vishal. Good morning, everybody. 
So, I will start with our new launch in the CCAvenue mobile app, which is the world’s most 
advanced omni channel payments platform with TapPay, which is India’s first pin on glass 
solution. TapPay for those who didn’t attend our event. We have put a video on YouTube of our 
entire event of the launch including our corporate AV. CCAvenue TapPay is a breakthrough 
payment technology with pin on glass technology that will allow consumers to do transaction 
with an OTP even on amounts which are in excess of Rs.5000 limit set by RBI not just on the 
merchants phone but on their own phone as well. To this we are also introducing soon TapPay, 
CCAvenue TapPay as a payment option inside some of India’s major merchants checkout page 
app.  
Consumers can select it as a payment option and tap their card on the phone for an instant 
checkout without having to enter the card details or remembering CVV. Payment insurance in 
our country is sorted but RBI is payment vision can be achieved only by improving payment 
acceptance infrastructure and providing holistic solutions to merchants. And what we are aiming 
to do is just that, we are building a frictionless Fintech company, a comprehensive payment 
technology that will offer not only payment acquiring but payment issuance and all the related 
infrastructure. This will make us a core part of the entire payment ecosystem, allowing us to 
build a long term sustainable, profitable business and create value for all in the system. We are 
going to build this infrastructure in a twofold manner. One, we have an and are continuously 
engaging with a top banks to build top notch infrastructure for them that is not only scalable and 
robust, and two by offering CCAvenue mobile app with TapPay feature for merchants as an app 
for free to proliferate payments to deep across the India. 
Despite tremendous success of UPI, MPCI has mentioned that its reach is about 250 million 
customers. The target is to reach around a billion people in India, and they say acceptance and 
credit structure has to be improved for deeper reach. This is where the CCAvenue omni channel 
app aims to address the challenge of inadequate payment acceptance of infrastructure and 
eliminate barriers to seamless digital adoption. For small businesses or large to the ease of 
deployment and its probability to make it the best choice from many use cases. Apart from it 
being zero and low cost. The future of digital payment is growth oriented, and a massive under 
banked population waiting to be covered. The value of digital payments is expected to reach 
three fold from 3 trillion today, to US 10 trillion by 2026. There is a huge opportunity for us to 
scale and capture that opportunity. There is also a huge opportunity for credit as a country’s 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
credit staff with household debt that only 11% of the GDP when you compare with a mature 
market USA which is at 84%. 40% of the MSME credit in our country is still via informal 
channels. And that is where our lending platform trust Avenue comes in, which will allow the 
banks to lend and our merchants to get the loans through our next generation merchant data 
analytics.  
Today, cash still accounts for 72% of the total consumer spending, there is more than 29 lakh 
crores of cash in the market. Our aim is to make our country a less cash society. We see the 
analysts and expects two out of every three payment transactions will be digitized by 2026. And 
the digital payment markets for person to merchant payments would be 2.5 trillion, from the 0.4 
trillion in 2021. And B2B would become 2 trillion in 2026 from the 1 trillion in 2021. This all 
is very encouraging and we will strive and continue to grow as fast and as with next GeN 
technology to capture this. 
Vishal with this would you like to add anything before we open up for Q&A.  
Vishal Mehta:  
We’ve been growing at about 8000 merchants per day. And with a rich blend of offerings which 
will allow us to boost our earnings across millions of merchants all over Fintech solutions are 
also fueling our expansion to our goal of achieving a transaction processing value run rate of 7.5 
lakh crore by end of FY24. We are on the trajectory and confident of delivering this kind of 
performance going forward. Thank you moderator we can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Anuj Narula from JMFL. Please go ahead.  
Anuj Narula: 
So, my first question is in terms of the recent expansion to Australia, how much would be the 
investments and what are our growth aspects here and what sort of competition do we face in 
other international markets of UAE. Shall I ask the second question now.  
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure.  
Anuj Narula: 
So, my second question is with respect to TapPay, how much market share do we expect to 
capture with the launch of TapPay, and we plan to eliminate the POS machines and how much 
CAPEX would it incur any update on the e-commerce tie ups would also be helpful on this. 
Thank you.  
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure, thanks a lot. So, I will take the first question and also give you some background of the 
second one as well. As far as Australia is concerned, you’re right we have just announced an 
opening of our offices, and a fully owned subsidiary in Australia, we think it’s a very large 
market. And, as far as the investment amounts are concerned, historically we’ve been forward 
investing in the international markets. And we see the ROI coming up in less than one or two 
years. Fortunately, we have got payment solutions, which are globally scalable. You see in 
payments, all the card networks as well as all the technology infrastructure that we have built 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
out. They’ve all been built out on a global scale we currently operate anyways, in UAE we are 
number two players in UAE. And we’ve also opened up Saudi Arabia and US. So, we believe 
that since technology is scalable globally, we have built out a model which is called country in 
a box. And that model allows us to create a team who can actually work on a country to be able 
to build out volumes and generate traction there. With the thing that we are very excited about 
as far as Australia is concerned is that it’s a very digital savvy society. And with our new 
solution, which is the point that you brought out in your second question, which is TapPay, these 
applications can be provided to even small merchants as well as larger merchants in that region. 
So, as far as the investments are concerned, we believe that it will be sub 1 million in the first 
year dollars, it will be about seven to eight crores of investments that we will make in that 
geography this year. And we expect that we should be able to launch and generate good amount 
of traction, given that a lot of technology that we’ve been built out is built out for global scale 
and not just for India alone. I hope that answers the first question that you have.  
As far as the second question around what is the opportunity for TapPay in India, TapPay is for 
the first time across India, this is the only application which has got pin and glass certification. 
So, what that means is that any transaction which is even above Rs.5000 can be transacted using 
TapPay, which is the only application which has this kind of approval across all the card 
networks. So, we expect that, we will be approaching, it’s already live across many of the 
implementations, a few 1000 implementations have gone live already. And we expect that a 
large number of channels, OEM brands in the mobile phone space we believe banks as well as 
other financial institutions who want to cater to small merchants, we will be working very closely 
with this channels to be able to create a digital footprint for them, because for all these merchants, 
if they are digital, then they become credible, and hence they can get loans for their growth, we 
can give them wings to fly. And we believe that just because merchant cannot afford a Rs.10,000 
to Rs.15,000 point of sale machine does not mean that we steal away the credibility from them. 
And so, acceptance like which Vishwas mentioned in his speech, acceptance is a very large 
problem in India, if you allow any merchants to accept any kind of payments, and that too 
without a piece of hardware, every merchant has a mobile phone or a smartphone, but every 
merchant may not have a point of sale machine. And if we are able to create that kind of an 
opportunity for merchants, we believe that it fulfills a large part of our mission that we built out 
this company for. So, as far as the opportunity is concerned we expect that we will be able to 
today 99% of all transaction that we process, are online transaction only, but in the coming two 
to three years, we expect that at least 25% to 30% of the transactions that we process will also 
include offline, which is through CCAvenue TapPay. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
I just want to understand a couple of things. Firstly, on this net take rate that we have got in this 
quarter. It’s slightly up now, so I just wanted to understand two reasons behind it one from a 
competitive landscape perspective that how this is going on a directional path, and how much of 
this is coming from the mix change advantage that we may have in some of the business? 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure, so the take rates have improved, if you recollect in our prior calls we mentioned that as the 
industry mix changes, a lot of if you look at last year, and since Q2 of FY22, you will see the 
take rates improved quite a bit. So, since it was if you look at pre COVID versus now, most of 
the industries including travel, entertainment, everyone else, they’ve started coming up to speed. 
And if you recollect, I just mentioned in the prior question that all our transactions, 99% of our 
transaction processed are online. So, as offline picked up, online also picked up and since 
industry mix changes, that we’ve seen a much better take rate than what we had a year ago, we’d 
also forward communicated that saying that we expect the take rates to improve quarter-over-
quarter as we go forward. The competitiveness in the industry is definitely there. I also 
mentioned that in our TPV, the transaction processing volume, we don’t include the UPI based 
payments, which is actually single digit percentage of the overall payments, because that is not 
where we get over our commission. So, if you look at the overall perspective, we expect that the 
take rates will keep on getting better. As we go through and build up, the competitive intensity 
in the industry is definitely there. It’s more so in the UPI part of the ecosystem. We expect that 
as we build out more and more feature sets, ones that allow the merchants to improve their own 
phrase and other opportunities, and make it part of our offering to merchants, it creates more 
stickiness, it creates better analytics, and it also allows merchants to become more successful. 
And we believe that as we keep on building that up, it makes it more and more tenable. See, we 
have also built out for the first time an omni channel solution, one that offers online and offline 
both. And for the entire 5 million large merchant base that we have, we would be wanting to 
offer this kind of an experience with a single console. At the back end, this is the only omni 
channel solution across the country where you can process your online transactions, offline 
transactions and get reported into a single dashboard at the backend. So, large chains, large 
institutions, large OEMs, we would want to tap into them. And given this kind of solutioning it 
makes it very easy for anyone to even buy online, written offline and do whatever they want to 
be able to achieve a better experience. So, we believe that in the next few quarters, we should 
see the take rates getting better in spite of competitive intensity. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just a small follow up on the same so, also if you could share some thoughts in terms of volume 
lead your ability to pull up better for you is that happening and in what kind of partners where 
you are able to see larger quantum lead ability to push for better pricing? 
Vishal Mehta: 
If you look at the competitive intensity, it is significant in this country. So, in other words, you 
have a lot of companies offering similar competitive rates, what we want to do is really go after 
the feature set and the stickiness that we would want to create with our Merchant base in terms 
of volume, which is impacting pricing ,what we realize is that we would want to pass the savings 
to our customers and our merchants to become more competitive in the industry. So, volume 
does give us some edge, we’ve already got significant amount of volumes passing through us, if 
we look at our projection by FY24, we expected to do a transaction processing volume of $100 
billion. So, as far as the volumes are concerned, definitely we are there and any volume related 
savings that we expect to achieve we will pass on to the merchants. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sharma from HSBC Securities and 
Capital Markets India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Sir, a couple of questions from my end, since you will be entering into the working capital and 
invoice discounting so just wanted to know the timeline when it is initiating soon, and what will 
be the average ticket size on the same. And second is sir, like since some of the players, I hope 
that you will be providing the capital as well as the platform for the services. But on the other 
side, some platform based competitors, which are leveraging on the large bank customer 
database, they’re tying up with the banks and providing, they’re getting the benefit of huge 
customer base. So, how do you see that challenge of competition from them?  
Vishal Mehta: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question you were slightly not audible I am sorry. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Okay, so my first question was, since you are entering into working capital and invoice 
discounting, so just wanted to know the timeline for the same, when you will be initiating the 
same and what will be the average ticket size we will focus that was one. And second is sir, some 
of the players, which are just throwing the platform for this services, they’re leveraging on the 
customer database, of large banks having some tie ups and providing the loan. So, how you see 
the competition from them, since you will be using your own finance to provide the funds? 
Vishal Mehta: 
For the onset, I’ll tell you that we don’t expect to put our own finance to and our own balance 
sheet, to be able to fund whether it is invoice discounting, bill discounting or any loans, what we 
will do is, we will act as a platform in every case, where we will be able to connect the merchant 
with the necessary financial institution, whether it’s a bank or an NBFC. And we will be able to 
earn, a small piece of that transaction. But classic example is what you would see as a DSA, 
where you would earn a small fraction on every transaction is what we would want to cater to. 
So, as far as the strategy for us is concerned, our strategy is that we will work with very large 
platform implementations to be able to give that kind of an opportunity where merchants can 
avail loans from financial institutions. The two largest frameworks that we are essentially 
catering to in India, one of them, of course, being government the marketplace. We also have 
more than, a few million merchants of our own, that can potentially leverage the opportunity to 
get attractive loans and offerings. So, we are going to continue building up that portfolio. As you 
can tell, we already have cross more than $500 million, in terms of our settlement loans that we 
give to our merchants. That’s one more part of financing that we offer, which has already been 
very successful, and we have zero NPAs so far in that, literally. So, that we have a scientific 
approach to approaching this, we expect that for all the settlements that we do, we expect that 
maybe we will be able to cross more than a billion dollars of financing there. And then we will 
work with some of the implementations that we have, they already in terms of platform 
implementations, they already have a few billion dollars of GNV or TPV that they process. So, 
to your second point, which is, some frameworks can leverage our setups to be able to do this, 
that is anyways work in progress through our Trust Avenue framework. And we expect that in 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
any of these implementations, we will be able to help them process more than a billion dollars 
of loans in this coming year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amresh Kumar from Geosphere Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Amresh Kumar: 
Just one question from my side, you said that you will be not using your own capital to build 
this lending business. So, can I assume that you’re not going for any kind of NBFC license in 
the future?  
Vishal Mehta: 
It’s reasonable to assume that in the near future, we would not be going for such licenses.  
Amresh Kumar: 
Okay. And the second question is on this on tap technology. So, just trying to understand what 
is the pain point that you’re trying to solve here for your customers. And are you trying to take 
away, do you think that it is the cost of the POS machines for your merchants which is the big 
problem for them or something else?  
Vishal Mehta: 
I’ll tell you, basically the objective is that merchants they have faced both in the online world as 
well as an offline channel of their own. And the one pain point that merchants face is that not all 
merchants have access to a point of sale machine, because you see, QR code based payments are 
different than card based payments. And, while some merchants may have QR codes, but not 
everyone has a POS reader, there are more than 700 million RuPay cards, which are out there. 
And if you look at the number of consumers in the UPI framework, there may be 150, 200 
million. So, there is an opportunity for merchants to be able to accept payments in any shape and 
form. And if you’re able to create an opportunity for merchants to accept payments across any 
channel, whether it is QR code based, Link based, whether it means card based, credit card, net 
banking, whatever you talk about, then it allows them to be able to cater to more consumers. 
Now, what we’re trying to solve is acceptance for the merchants, which is merchants can and 
consumers can be issued a card, issuance is not as much of a problem. If there are 700 million 
RuPay cards, there may be more than a billion more cards. So, I don’t think that issuance is as 
much of an issue, we expect that acceptance is going to be a bigger issue in India, which is what 
we are catering to and which we’d like to solve.  
Now, the second part in this is, that if you are able to digitize most of the transactions for the 
merchants, and you provide an interface for them to be able to conduct their business online as 
well as offline, because right now there is no omni channel solution this is the second problem 
that we want to solve, which is that a merchant will have a different provider for online and a 
different provider for offline point of sale machine. And for a point of sale machine, they will of 
course have a cost of point of sale, then they would want to go and make sure that there’s paper 
rolls, there is maintenance, there is internet connectivity for the POS machines, there are so many 
other issues that continue plaguing this industry. And what we would like to do is, to be able to 
offer an opportunity whereby whether it is pre bundled onto their phone, or it comes across as 
an application that can potentially just get downloaded and be able to use it, you can imagine 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
that there will be millions of Kiranas that can potentially benefit out of such an implementation. 
Even a QR code can be accepted onto the app and it is their own, they don’t have to be limited 
by one POS machine there is no queuing. So, we expect that there’ll be many, many more 
opportunities that potentially and use cases that can be solved using this. But from a macro level, 
what we would like to solve is two things acceptance on a very, very large merchant base that 
don’t have access to point of sale machines, acceptance for all the merchants who have a point 
of sale machine but don’t want to go through the maintenance and the hassles of being able to 
conduct your business. And an omni channel solution whereby there is better credit rating for 
the merchant that can potentially be offered a much larger opportunity to be able to take loans 
to grow their business. Because once you have both online as well as offline digital payment 
solutioning for merchants, it gives you a much better analytical position to be able to offer larger 
opportunities and loans to such merchants, which is what we’d like to solve.  
Amresh Kumar: 
So, very helpful here this explanation. So, do we have a tie up with a bank at the back end for 
rolling out this, this world’s best as you say it payment mechanism or what are we trying to do 
here? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Yes, we do have. Every acquiring piece needs a bank, who has the tie up with a network. This 
we have launched in partnership with RBL Bank, we have our own acquiring been through 
which the bank has sponsored the card networks. So, we’ve launched it with RBL Bank. The 
whole idea here is that look, today the point of sale terminals, less than 5.7 million terminals for 
around 150 million SMEs in our country. So, point of sale terminals is not is very expensive 10 
to Rs.12,000 as Vishal pointed out, giving them paper slips, training the merchants and imagine 
in a three or four city or a town in Arunachal Pradesh or Assam or Tamil Nadu or Orissa. So, 
it’s very difficult to service, very difficult to hear. Here what we have given a solution is that, 
merchants most of the Kiranas have a phone, we are turning that phone into a POS terminal. 
And it’s very simple and if we are giving them an all-encompassing +200 payment option, so 
it’s not just the tapping a credit card or debit card, but it has also a static QR code, just like what 
you see printed on a Kirana today, where the any potential customer can just scan that QR and 
do the transaction, as well as it has an inbuilt sound box also. So, after the transaction, Kirana 
can hear that it’s transaction is successful in multiple languages, which he is compatible with 
whichever local so what we are trying to solve here is that, not only grow the acceptance based 
from the current 5.4 million POS terminal to this 150, which is a huge opportunity, you want 
every street card vendor, you want every the use cases are enormous, though it has a user 
management so if a restaurant has around 10 or 12 delivery boys, all the 10 or 12 delivery boys 
on their phone can download the app and it is multiple users and the parent app can show all the 
transactions where the money is collected and notifications appropriately. So, use cases are huge. 
To see acceptance today, there are like I was sitting with a team there are more than a million 
schools in four states only which are not accepting fees online. So, payments acceptance is such 
like what is commerce, any product services sold and payment made. So, this kind of an app can 
help that enable. A student paying a tuition teacher that has to digitize the tuition teacher paying 
to a Kirana store for buying his biscuits or whatever that has to be digital, not go to an ATM, 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
withdraw cash and then pay the money through this thing to the Kirana. Kirana paying to it’s 
distributor has to be done, distributor paying through the manufacturer has to be digital, 
manufacture paying his taxes to the government should be digital. So, all those, every leg of a 
commerce like is there. And if you make such an easy acceptance where your own mobile phone 
becomes a point-of-sale acceptance terminal that is a breakthrough transformative technology. 
If it is much cheaper and better, and more options than a physical POS. And it’s more and more 
advance than a simple QR code pasted on a Kirana. So, it’s a very transformative technology 
and we have quite gung-ho. We are India’s first certified with pin on glass on this thing and you 
will see in the coming quarters, the take rate and other things, the acceptance of this solution.  
Amresh Kumar: 
So, my last follow up on this is, very interesting this app is but one of the large competitors who 
has spent so much money in rolling out so many physical POS all across India. He would also 
be looking very closely at your application. And do you think that how much time it will take 
for them to copy this innovation?  
Vishwas Patel: 
Sure thing yes, anything up build a couple of months down the line. They will also follow, copy 
and surely that’s the case what we have always been leading for the last 20, 22 years like we 
invoice that SMS, invoice 20 years back. But till then you also have to understand that we have 
the whole ecosystem ready. We have like 6.4 million merchants where we’ll be rolling it out like 
if you say in hospitality, we have Taj, Oberoi, ITC, Lemon Tree and another 2000 hotels. So, 
these hotels were these merchants are already on boarded on us, KYC done. So, these are the 
first low hanging fruits that who will be going and offering where we are offering all our 
solutions now and doing deep integrations with their existing systems since we know this 
merchants and their track record with us. So, having an ecosystem similarly Yes, when they 
come, they might go to their merchants but since we are first, there is a first mover advantage. 
So, let’s see how it pans out.  
Vishal Mehta: 
I will also add to that, that we are somewhat built as a payment infrastructure company, not a 
payment provider alone. So, what we do as a payment infrastructure company is given to 
merchants that we have. And we also give the framework to banks, some of the banks including 
Kotak Bank all pay as well as us HDFC Solutioning, comes to us. So, as we are built out more, 
as in US there is a company called Stripe, which is more of a payment infrastructure, not just a 
payment solution provider. So, we are really going to give our offering and our framework to 
many of the merchants that are already on our platform, the millions of merchants that Vishwas 
talked about, but also to the ecosystem that we cater to.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Unnati Bhavekar from KRChoksey. Please go 
ahead. 
Unnati Bhavekar: 
So, even these NDTRs is whatever started later on. So, I have a couple of questions on the 
financial side, and then also want to get some understanding around what is the share of all these 
new businesses to the total revenue. So, we’ve been talking about the TPV is going very strong, 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
and they have been very strong, approximately 100%, kind of year-on-year growth is visible in 
the last four quarters. But then do you believe that in the first quarter of 23, this last quarter, the 
quarter-on-quarter growth has kind of slowed down and what could be the reason for it. And 
secondly, on the NTR side, the NTRs have been moving up for the past three, four quarters. And 
that’s really great but, why is it not resonating in the gross margins because gross margins are 
still volatile if they are not in line with the NTRs improving. So, that is the second question and 
third, is express settlement that you’ve been talking about is that really doubling up, tripling up, 
wherein you don’t have any kind of credit risk. So, what kind of margins do you make on it and 
what kind of a share do you have of it in a total revenue as of now, if it is a sizable revenue as 
of now you can share it and secondly, also, what is the share of the overseas revenues overall to 
the total revenue and do you make better margins over there compared to the domestic revenue? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. So, I will take a few questions and then Vishwas can add in. As far as the overall quarter-
over-quarter growth is concerned. We have been somewhat slightly marginally better in terms 
of the digital payments space and as far as the government e-marketplace is also something that 
we cater to. So, that should also answer some of the margin questions as well that you have as 
much. So, usually, Q4 is a very large quarter for gem and others, and you will see that Q1 also 
there is significant traction, but not as much as Q4, Q4 may there’s usually a 40%, 50% increase 
over the other quarters, but this time around, it continued on in the first quarter as well. And as 
a result, you will see that there is a marginal, improvement both in terms of overall, Q1 last year 
versus Q1 this year, because in the first quarter alone gem was able to perform 50,000 crores 
worth of by August, August they did 50,000 but the Q1 was also very strong. So, we expect that 
this trend will continue on in the subsequent quarters as well, both in digital payments as well 
as the infrastructure that we provide from the platform perspective. So, that is one reason why 
you would see that quarter-on-quarter, you would see a little bit of growth and some dip in 
certain parameters. But, that’s been very strong compared to the first quarter of last year, and 
normally if you look at it, Q3 is the strongest quarter for digital payments because of the holiday 
season. So, Q1 and Q2, you will see growth and Q3 there is a phenomenal growth, Q4 so, we 
have some other seasonality, but it’s somewhat because of the underlying growth in both the 
platform that the payments business that you don’t see the impact this year, and we expect that 
it will continue on for the remainder of the year. So, again, it’s reasonable to expect that Q3 will 
see a significant improvement as well in the digital payments business compared to the first two 
quarters of 23.  
As far as the stake rate is concerned, I’ve explained in earlier question as well, we think that the 
take rate is actually going to keep on seeing improvement in the digital payments business. 
Because of the fact that the mix has changed, pandemic is behind us. Short of any uncertain 
event that happens around pandemic, we expect that they should continue on building up for the 
remainder quarters this year. International as a part of our business is less than 10% of our overall 
revenues, but internationalist significantly growing. The take rates in international definitely are 
better compared to the take rates in India. Many a times in the international geographies we 
record only the net take rate and not the gross take rates. Because of certain specific rules that 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
apply to specific countries whereby we are able to position it as a net take rate and crores. But, 
we expect that international in the next two to three years should be at least 30% of our overall 
business. So, as we increase our GMV, it’s reasonable to assume that international will be at 
least 30% of the overall business that we cater to, with take rates as well as opportunity because 
the vision that we have for digital payments is contactless and borderless. And if we take that 
vision, and we work towards achieving that vision of ours, then we would want to make sure 
that anyone who is in any country given the regulatory approvals, as well as all the compliances 
should be able to transact through the banking channels without actually any friction. So, 
international is a significant opportunity for us. Fortunately, our entire payment infrastructure 
framework is built out in such a way that it is globalized. We don’t have to build out for the 
region. Everything is horizontally scalable, as well as globalized. And all of our relationships 
with card networks and everything else are also global in nature. So, we think that with this kind 
of a vision of borderless and contactless we should continue building up. So, hopefully that 
answers the question that you have asked, if I’ve missed something you can let me know. 
Unnati Bhavekar: 
Yes, about the excess settlement as in where it has reached in terms of its contribution to the 
overall revenue. And also, what kinds of gross margins do you make on express settlement? 
Vishal Mehta: 
I will tell you, we don’t segment gross settlement out the expense settlement, is a separate line 
item, we have opened it up to a select set of merchants, actually to be very precise it is less than 
5% of our Merchant base, that we have opened the express settlement to, and in the last several 
quarters, we wanted to track and trace it and we are happy to let you know that we’ve got zero 
NPA so far, in terms of express settlements, while we have processed a few $100 million of 
settlement. Now in terms of express settlement. So, the opportunity to expand it is significant 
because 95% of our merchant base can still be provided with this kind of an opportunity. In 
terms of contribution, I can tell you, while I don’t have segmental for you but what I can tell you 
is, that it’s reasonable to assume that we make about anywhere from one to three bps a day. 
Unnati Bhavekar: 
And as I spoken about the, so what I meant to ask again is that, while the NTR are improving, 
when do we see the impact of it reflecting in on a regular basis or on a consistent basis, because 
right now although the NTR has improved to 6.9 basis points, the GPM have kind of come down 
to 17.6% kind of levels from 0.6% in Q4. So, can you just give us an understanding around how 
do you see this trajectory or GPM will be like going forward? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So, in terms of, if I repeat your question in terms of gross margins, is that your question, where 
do you see the gross margins 
Unnati Bhavekar: 
Yes. 
Vishal Mehta: 
It’s reasonable to expect that we will continue to invest in places, which have a potential for us, 
we are optimizing for the long term. And you’ll appreciate we don’t optimize for a quarter. But 
we expect that, about four, five quarters ago we mentioned that we should see an improvement 
in take rate, we have a strong assumption and we validate our assumptions. And we want to 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
make sure that we can continue delivering on that with the line of sight. So, in terms of 
stabilization and improvement, it’s reasonable to expect that, while we will invest in certain 
areas, which includes the CCAvenue TapPay and others, which have a huge potential for us to 
be able to offer a very differentiated positioning, those margins will be similar or slightly higher 
going forward. We think it’s a shot of uncertain event like a pandemic. 
Purvesh Parekh: 
Let me just one point, I’d like to add here Purvesh here. Gross margins for our India payments 
business has actually improved on a quarter-on-quarter basis. With the 19% increase that you’ve 
seen in the net take rate, the gross margins have also improved in the payments business. And 
overall, the 90% of our core business, which is our India payments and platforms, which we’re 
recording standalone. There also, if you see the gross margins have improved and the EBITDA 
margin itself has gone up to 64%. So, there’s a significant improvement here with respect to the 
operating profitability as well and at the next margin level. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayushi Shah an Individual Analyst. Please go 
ahead.  
Ayushi Shah: 
I have two questions. And my first question is regarding the capital raising plant as a company. 
So, my understanding is that we have around 208 crores as cash balance currently, and we 
incurred around 62 crores of amortization expenses as of March 22, which is actually a non-cash 
expense. Now in the press release issued yesterday, it will stated that because Infibeam’s major 
CAPEX cycle is behind them, the company is now focusing on our focused growth strategy for 
the next three, five years. So, to understand why we would need to raise funds at all if we are in 
your words, consistently converting EBITDA into free cash, and are almost a debt free company. 
So, if you could throw some light on that? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure Ayushi. So, in the past, we have mentioned that, we have a significant opportunity to work 
on the express settlement piece, which may require certain amount of working capital. Express 
settlement is zero NPA and in that what we are doing is to be able to offer merchants and 
opportunity to get the cash faster, when they process through us. When we open up the offline 
space, as well as online space, that becomes one place that we think could be a potential. Second 
is that as far as our platform business, we think startups is a huge opportunity in India. And 
selectively we will evaluate making investments in such startups that allow us to strategically, 
open up and expand our own horizons. There are a lot of things which are slightly experimental 
in nature, but our internal buyers just so that is always to build and not to buy. But when we find 
something which is very interesting, which allows us to expand our opportunity, then we will 
collectively make investments. These are a bold, calculated bet, one that potentially allow us to 
grow. Historically, also we believe that we have made such opportunities viable. If you look at 
Go Payments, which is one of our subsidiaries. If you look at Uvik, which we did last year, 
which has actually resulted into the CCAvenue TapPay, the transaction size was about 75 odd 
crores and we were able to offer a very differentiated play. So, our perspective is that, yes we 
are very happy that we are in this position where we have a business model that generates returns 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
and is profitable. But we also want to make sure that we continuously innovate and we want to 
get the right people with the right framework and built in technology, which can strategically 
improve the offering that we have, which is the reason why we would evaluate opportunities 
from time to time. 
Ayushi Shah: 
Sir just to get some more clarity on that, so basically the capital raising funds will be for hiring 
new employees, as well as for new investment opportunities? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, it’s reasonable to assume that, so it will be for investments and growth. 
Ayushi Shah: 
Alright. Okay sir and sir my second question was that being an investor in the company that I’m 
highly interested in its growth, and that we are progressing by leaps and bounds in almost every 
segment, we entered be it gems or payments, but the growth hasn’t really reflected in the market 
cap. Now, the shareholders are therefore not benefiting from the company’s advancements. Sir, 
so what is the reason behind this lag in market cap growth, I’m not saying that like the promoters 
buy shares of the company or anything, but why don’t we get any big reputed investors on board 
or is that a like a strategy behind keeping the market cap at this level? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So, I would let you know that we of course as an investor we also want that our investors make 
good returns. And, I’m also an investor in the company. So, I share the sentiment that, yes we 
would want to actually do much better in terms of the performance, but you see it’s a market and 
the market will of course report based on execution. So, as we continue to execute, our focus has 
always been to execute. And as we continue to execute, we hope that the markets will see through 
it and be able to reward the performance of execution. Historically, we have not been focusing 
too much on optics, but more on execution. So, but selectively now we are also looking at trying 
to talk to people about what we do and not sell or convince any of the things that we do, but our 
performance should show up, while they maybe latencies both ways in execution and market, 
we expect that they should correct itself as we build out going forward. There is no strategy by 
say, we don’t participate at all in these discussions. As far as, the opportunity for the growth as 
well as opportunity to look at international growth as well we selectively evaluate opportunities 
from time-to-time. And for the right reason, I’m sure that the Board will make the right decisions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Nahata an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Anil Nahata: 
I have a couple of questions, one is to understand slightly better, if you look at the net take rate 
and the transaction process volume at a net revenue level it reaches to somewhere around 59, 60 
crores so there is a delta of 14 crore to net debt revenue there. Similarly, it used to be in the 
earlier quarters slightly higher than this, I just need to understand what is this business, the delta 
14 crores, which used to be slightly higher and where are we heading in margin terms on this 
business? 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Vishal Mehta: 
We are a payment infrastructure company, and not just payment solution provider. So, whenever 
we provide infrastructure to some of the companies and banks and many others, I mentioned that 
we want to provide opportunities for them so that you can reach out to the larger ecosystem. So, 
there are certain things like, Kotak Allpay that goes through Kotak Bank. Banks cannot offer all 
different payment options to their users. And so what we do is that, we allow them to build upon 
our solution and provide it to merchants. And, let me be one of the reasons why you would see, 
whatever that small delta is in terms of the processing volumes. But that can come back to on 
exact specifics, we don’t want to enter the numbers. So, that is one reason why you will see 
because, you can think of us as more of a stripe, there’s a company which is based in the US 
they not only provide their own solutioning, but they allow others to build up on top of their own 
platform frameworks. And as we continue evolving, we want to continue building up in that 
format, because while channels will compete with each other, we want to be the backbone 
provider of the channels and you will expect that, that should continue being our focus going 
forward, there are lot of API’s that have been opened up, and one can build out innovative 
solutions on top of our API’s. And, we think that that must be perhaps what you’re referring to, 
if you have any other questions, I can get into the specifics.  
Anil Nahata: 
So, maybe I will take it offline, with your investor relations team and understand this slightly 
better. So, that is one point. On the second side, I have a couple of questions, you have given a 
guidance for the revenue, net profit and all that. And I believe the way you’re setting up you’re 
going to blow past that revenue targets any which way. One of the questions I have, and that is 
the most interesting area that you have spoken about in the last two calls and I also believe it to 
be same, is this TapPay thing that has been launched now. What kind of internal benchmark if 
any if you can share are you expecting this business to grow to over the next like four quarters. 
Any kind of a range that we can think of that this is what is the vision that you are looking at?  
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, so TapPay is the solution that we’ve launched recently and there are two things that will 
happen. We believe in the next few quarters one is, the number of cards that have been issued, 
which are going to be NFC enabled, it should get to maybe 70%, 80% in the next 12 months. 
Because historically, not all cards were not NFC enabled and we expect that in our discussions 
with card networks and card providers, our expectation is that in the next six to 12 months, India 
will be a society where any card which has been issued will be NFC enabled. So, there is going 
to be a transition, even for cards that are non-NFC enabled to becoming more and more NFC 
enabled in India. Number one, number two that, as we built out for merchants, there will be the 
merchants that don’t have point of sale machine. Those are very, they’re watermelons on the 
ground. And we can offer such solutioning to such merchants. And for merchants who are using 
our platform at the moment, because they are anyway processing through us. Those the ones 
which are quick wins for us. In terms of the processing volume, like I said, 99% of all volumes 
in Q1 in fact 99.5 above were all online transactions. Offline market is a larger market in many 
ways compared to what online does today. And while online is increasing at a rate which is much 
faster. So, we expect that there’s going to be a crossover, but Vishwas mentioned that 72% of 
the transactions even today are cash based. And so, if you’re able to offer a solutioning which 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
offers all these different elements, it makes it very worthwhile. So, this year, our target is that in 
a single digit percentage transactions will be through CCAvenue TapPay. And next year, in the 
year after we expect that about 30% of the transactions will be definitely through the offline 
channels. 
Anil Nahata: 
30%? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. All the transactions that we process will be through CCAvenue, because see what TapPay 
does, is it somewhat morph the line between offline and online. Fundamentally, it’s a point of 
sale machine, which is more like it’s a, think of it like a soft point of sale solution, but it’s on the 
phone with all the security and all the features whichever built out which will be approved by 
all card networks, through authentications, and many other means. So, we expect that, I’m not 
sure whether you followed but there’s an event which is online, you may want to perhaps we’d 
love to, my investor relations will reach out to you. But that’s where we have a unique solution 
and it’s patent pending, we file for a patent whereby, a consumer can make a payment while 
they’re on a website, shopping for an airline ticket, they can tap their own phone and make a 
payment, which is the first in the world. Nobody has done that, if you are in an online website. 
And if you are shopping for a ticket, you will be able to tap your own phone and make the 
payment which will go through online. So, that is something that we have just recently patented. 
And we would want to, so that’s where I said that offline will become a significant portion when 
CCAvenue TapPay that is a better way to place it. Check out to through us will be. 
Anil Nahata: 
Absolutely agree and when we see many, many places where there are multiple servers but they 
have one or two machines like restaurants like all these petrol pumps, these are natural target for 
TapPay, each of these people have a mobile phone, all of the, all the servers in restaurants and 
all of them can be a label and they can move away from POS machines to this thing. So, I can 
understand logically also this is an extraordinary opportunity and all the best for it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you all for your participation. And we look forward to getting comments and suggestions 
from you every now and then, we’ll keep you updated on the progress. Thanks so much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
