  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
Corporate Office: 
  
Registered Office: 
  
CIN 
: L65991DL1990PLC041796 
Plot No 492, Udyog Vihar, 
  
5th Floor, Kundan Bhawan 
  
Landline No 
: 0124-4715400 
Phase-III, Gurugram, Haryana- 
  
Azadpur Commercial Complex, 
E-Mail ID 
: info@satincreditcare.com 
122016, India 
  
Azadpur, Delhi - 110033, India 
Website 
: www.satincreditcare.com 
 
August 9, 2022 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: SATIN 
 
   The Manager,   
   BSE Limited, 
   25th Floor, P. J. Towers, 
   Dalal Street,  
   Mumbai-400001 
 
   Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call on Financial Results & Future Outlook of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated July 29, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed Transcript of Earnings call on financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 & 
future outlook of the Company held on Thursday, August 4, 2022.  
 
The link to access Transcript of Earning calls is https://satincreditcare.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/SCNL_Earnings-Call-Transcript-for-the-quarter-ended-30Jun22.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vipul Sharma) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
VIPUL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by VIPUL SHARMA 
Date: 2022.08.09 
15:39:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. HP Singh – Chairman cum Managing Director 
Mr. Jugal Kataria – Group Controller 
Ms. Aditi Singh – Head Strategy 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Good morning, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q1 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. HP Singh – Chairman cum Managing Director of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
H P Singh: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. And thank you all for taking the time to join us and discuss 
our financial performance in Q1 FY23. I hope you and your family are safe and keeping healthy. 
I am hoping you have already seen our quarterly Results and Investor Presentation. Those who 
have not seen them can do so via our website and stock exchange notices.  
The microfinance sector in India has diverse a turbulent journey; however, we are pleased to 
inform you all that the company have witnessed a turnaround and we are confident that the 
difficult times are behind us as evident in the performance of the quarter under review. Further, 
we are confident of having a very good year in terms of growth and profitability. 
 
Now let me start with the key developments that took place during the quarter: 
As a progressive institution, we have proactively envisaged strategies time-to-time and have 
demonstrated resilience in the challenging environment. Optimizing our business acumen post 
demonetization in 2016, we strategized to diversify out of unsecured MFI portfolio to secured 
product offerings through rolling out our subsidiaries. The strategy to diversify portfolio yielded 
results for the company and the subsidiaries have taken great shape over the years.  
 
In order to better reflect the embedded value of the investments these three wholly owned 
subsidiaries, we have revalued our investment in the subsidiaries through our profit and loss and 
recorded an increase in fair value of Rs. 351 crore in the standalone financial results. During 
COVID-19 pandemic many of our clients and their family members lost their lives while 
countless lost their livelihoods. This couple with lockdown affected the marginalized sector and 
in turn repayments. As a measure to provide relief to the impacted clients, the company 
restructured 21.4% of the loans amounting to Rs. 1,151 crores and provided moratorium 
wherever was necessary. 
 
Restructured book is reduced to 11.6% of on book AUM as on Q1 FY23 amounting to Rs. 584 
crores with an ECL provision of Rs. 295 crores and collection efficiency of 72.1%. The company 
monitored the performance of this portfolio and realized that certain set of clients are still 
economically unstable and hence are unable to repay their loans. Therefore, the company 
decided to write off loans amounting to Rs. 275 crores which is 5.4% of the on book AUM 
during the quarter under review. Post write off the GNPA of the company has reduced to 4.3% 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
as on June 22 as compared to 8% as on March 22. Despite this write off our gross AUM remain 
on similar levels as of March 22 at Rs. 6,389 crores on a standalone basis and Rs. 7,569 crores 
on a consolidated basis.  
 
Furthermore, we have created sufficient provisions to address any contingency in our portfolio, 
maintained on book provision of Rs. 398 crores as on 30th June 2022 which is 7.9% of our on 
book AUM. The profit and loss account of the company now stands insulated from any 
additional stress that may come in. The profits for the quarter stood at Rs. 60 crore. Additionally, 
the company is well capitalized with a healthy CRAR of 22.6%. The company has maintained 
sufficient liquidity of Rs. 1,017 crores as on 30th June 2022 and has undrawn sanctions worth 
Rs. 350 crores as of quarter end.  
However, as per the consolidation procedure set out in India, the increase in profit due to the fair 
valuation and investment in subsidiaries of Rs. 351 crores has been eliminated in the 
consolidated financial results. Due to this the consolidated results has net loss as per the 
accounting standards. The fair value has been determined on the basis of independent valuation 
report obtained from category one merchant banker. Also, we are related to share that all the 
group companies have reported profit during Quarter 1 of this financial year. 
 
During the quarter under review with our conviction of being determined, definitive and decisive 
supported by our robust in house technology we were able to adapt the new RBI Regulation 
swiftly into our systems and started disbursing from April 2nd onwards under the new 
regulations.  
As a responsible organization we are guided by our long-standing resolve of reaching the 
underserved sections of the society, cater to their needs and economically uplift them and going 
ahead the organization aims to ensure a healthy growth with the risk adjusted cornerstone and 
we as one of the industry’s leading player are expected to regain our growth trajectory and 
advance strongly. 
 
Now let me run you through the financial and operational highlights of our company: 
Starting with the consolidated operational highlights, our AUM as on 30th June 2022 stood at 
7,569 crore, we have a customer base of more than 27 lakh as of 30th June 2022. Our 
disbursement for the quarter stood at 1,709 crore as compared to Rs. 282 crore in Quarter 1 
FY22, our assigned portfolio stood at 1,304 crores. We are seeing disbursement activity to pick 
up and we had one of the best first quarters in the last few years in terms of business. As of 30th 
June, 2022, 100% of our disbursements are made through cashless mode while cashless 
collections stood at about 6%. We have also adopted website payment option and UPI auto debit.  
 
Now on the standalone operational highlights: 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Our standalone disbursement for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,554 crores as compared to Rs. 222 
crores in Quarter 1 FY22. With disbursement back on track, we expect growth to come in the 
coming quarters. Our average ticket size of MFI lending for the quarter stood at Rs. 41,000. We 
have made adequate provisions of 398 crores including 295 crore assigned to the restructured 
portfolio. Our collection efficiency for the quarter stood at 97.3% excluding the restructured 
portfolio. The collection efficiency on restructured portfolio for Q1 FY23 stood at 72.1%. 
Collection efficiency for July 22 stood at 98.5% excluding restructured portfolio showing all the 
signs of improvement. We have a well-diversified customer base, a well-penetrated branch 
network across states and 76% rural exposure.  
 
On book GNPA reduced from 8% as on Q4 FY22 to 4.3% as on Q1 FY23 from 412 crore to 217 
crore out of this 105 crore pertains to Assam. New PAR addition of loan disbursed from July 21 
onwards was 0.6%; representing 70% of our own book AUM as of July’22 which is very 
encouraging. 
Geographical expansion: 
As of 30th June 2022, our total branch network stood at 1,224 branches which is spread across 
397 districts. We have a total state and UTs count of 23 which make us a well-diversified Pan 
India microfinance player.  
As of 30th June 2022, 96.5% of our districts have less than 1% of portfolio exposure. Exposure 
to the top four states contributes 53.6% in Q1 FY23 as 77.3% in FY17. 
Our well thought of diversification strategy has enabled us to sail through difficult situations and 
capitalized on our idea of enriching our client’s lives through financing of various products 
which includes loans for bicycle, solar products, home appliances, consumer durables and water 
and sanitation. 
 
An update on subsidiaries: 
Satin Housing Finance Limited has now reached an AUM of 331 crores including DA of 27 
crores having a presence across four states with 3,810 customers. 
SHFL has a 100% retail book comprising 66% affordable housing loans and 34% of LAP. The 
company has 16 active lenders including NHB refinance, CRAR of 54.7% and gearing of 2.2x 
total equity stands at Rs. 101.6 crores, the quality of portfolio remains intact with GNPA of 
0.09% as on June 22. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Satin Finserv Limited our MSME arm have reached an AUM of 176 crore with three consecutive 
profitable years. Business correspondence services under Taraashna Financial Services Limited 
have reached an AUM of 674 crore as of 30th June 2022.  
The company operates to 165 branches and has more than 3.4 lakh active loan clients and to 
update you on amalgamation of the two wholly owned subsidiaries Taraashna Financial Services 
Limited and Satin Finserv Limited the order against the first motion application was pronounced 
on hearing dated May 17, 2022, by the honorable NCLT. Further, both the companies have filed 
joint second motion application with honorable NCLT on May 25, 2022. The said joint second 
motion application was admitted by honorable NCLT in its hearing dated July 8, 2022, and issue 
necessary directions of serving notices and newspaper advertisement which are under process. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Varun Ghia from Dimensional Securities. Please go ahead. 
Varun Ghia: 
I wanted to know I have two questions one is if you could tell us about the slippages this quarter 
and secondly if there were any interest reversals? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So, on the slippages as we mentioned that the new portfolio that we have created which is 
representing 70% of the portfolio that we have created from July 21 onwards which has run on 
one year kind of a tenure there the PAR-1 is about 0.6%. So, we are confident that the new 
portfolio is behaving well and there is no concern whatever was the issues with regard to the old 
portfolio on restructured book that has already being taken care of in the results. So, there are no 
major concern on the fresh slippages. 
Varun Ghia: 
What is the amount of slippages this quarter? 
Jugal Kataria: 
As I said that our gross NPA has come down from 8% to 4.3% so they are known either. 
HP Singh: 
So, they are no fresh slippages and if I can give you 0.6% which is at par which is PAR-1 
technically there is no GNPA technically from whatever we disburse since the last one year. So, 
if you can counter that you can probably look at that.  
Varun Ghia: 
And interest reversal? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So, we are doing it in line with the IndAS so wherever we are writing it off so to that extent 
interest has also been reversed.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir my question pertaining to cost to income ratio when we look at cost-to-income ratio our cost 
is quite high compared to other industry players in our same industry, so how we are looking to 
bring it down because if you have specifically take our employee cost is quite high compared to 
other players with the same AUM size, so in the future how we are planning to reduce it and 
secondly on the provisioning side also because with this kind of cost how our business will be 
profitable in the future this is the first question? 
HP Singh: 
So, let me give you an answer to that. So, two things which you have to bear it in mind. One 
because of the write off and all our denominator has probably been flattened even for this quarter 
a so that is the reason why when you look at it the cost-to-income ratio probably is slightly higher 
as compared to what it was so that is point number one. The second is  because of the COVID 
pandemic and whatever was recovery has been done we had to deploy additional resources now 
technically who were looking at getting money back from the PAR clients as well as from the 
write off clients as well as from the other clients. So, that is probably also one of the reasons, 
now with write-off happening across too a large level and we are just left with now a portfolio 
which is technically very clean and there is collection efficiency as we mentioned earlier in our 
previous statement which is close to about 99.4%. I think for us now this will start coming down 
and if you really look at it because of the latest guidelines of risk-based pricing, technically the 
profitability which never used to arise earlier maybe to a lower extent because of the margin gap 
been there I think that has been freed of so that will also look at in a positive way of enhancing 
our profitability in the future as well as in this quarter.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Can you particularly guide about your employee cost as you said that one time kind of because 
of COVID employee cost has increased, so at the AUM percentage what percentage we can take 
as an employee cost? 
HP Singh: 
So, I do not have reference on the employee cost whatever it is, but I think if we only look at 
numbers how we can probably bring it down. My own sense is I think out of the total OPEX of 
close to about whatever it is about 7% I think 70% is the employee cost and that is what the 
entire industry probably works on and it will probably be the same for us also.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And second question like in the next four to five years what the AUM size we are targeting 
because we have already have Pan India presence right now which were earlier five to six years 
back we have mainly cater UP and Bihar, but now we have the Pan India presence, so how are 
we looking to shape up our AUM size in next five years? 
HP Singh: 
So, what we are looking at is about a 25% growth year-on-year for the next five years that is 
what our benchmark is and that is what we will achieve and going forward because of the Pan 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
India presence and all these things which have put together I think for us achieving 25% is not 
counting in full term capacity so that is what we are doing including the subsidiaries.  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
My last question we have allotted some equity to some of new PE fund, so are they are only 
financing business or they will take some board sheet or how it is? 
HP Singh: 
So, that is something which is probably not there so right now there is not there in public domain 
so right now there is no board seat allocated technically. The warrants have to get converted and 
I think when they come in I think we will see. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
In future it will be possible that they will take some? 
HP Singh: 
I cannot comment on that right now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, sir few questions from my side firstly if you can share the PAR-0 number because you have 
done good amount of write-off in this quarter and we know the reduction in gross NPL, but 
overall PAR-0 how should we look at the movement between two quarters and have you seen 
any reduction in the intermittent buckets because of better collections you can just give that 
flavor?  
Aditi Singh: 
Rajiv, the PAR-1 for last quarter was 9.54% in this quarter and in this quarter is 9.2%. It has 
slightly reduced and the PAR-30 is around 7%.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir this when I look at our disbursement in the first quarter we have done really well in 
terms of disbursing significant amount of volumes and we have this implementation also of the 
new guidelines kicking in from first of April, so I mean was it not leading to any significant 
changes for us in the systems and we were able to kind of navigate that more smoothly as 
compared to others because when I reflect on other players disbursement activity in the first half 
they would have done much lesser disbursement or their momentum would have slowed down 
significantly, but for us that is largely continuing? 
HP Singh: 
Rajiv frankly I will not be able to comment on the other players of ours, but we were very upfront 
the moment the guidelines had hit in. Our process policy team as well as the IT team were at 
certain motion and we have fixed up our target that we will not lose business technically because 
of this and thankfully so that we were able to disburse within a couple of days the moment this 
became there in our LMS. So, I think we have always taken and as we have said earlier we have 
got a very strong process as well as our technology team. I would like to give it to our teams 
basically to have done it in probably the shortest period of time.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir any changes in rejection rate because I do not see because since the disbursement rate 
has continued so there was no major change in the rejection rate after the process change and 
before the process change? 
HP Singh: 
The rejection rates have inched up, they have increased by about 5% to 7% they are higher now, 
but we are sourcing more in terms to have maybe the 25% growth which you are talking about 
for this year and that is on track for us.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir pricing related changes so whatever price increase we would have taken just to recollect 
we would have taken over 1.5%, 2% price increase and would that be firmly applied to all 
geographies and all customers or there is some differentiation? 
HP Singh: 
No, there is no differentiation the same is applied to all the geographies basically that came in 
from April onwards.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And what was the increase in price that we took? 
HP Singh: 
Up to 2%.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir with regards to so we have a restructured accounts of 580 crore and then we also have 
NPL of 220 crores, 217 odd crore. I am sure there will be an overlap here also because a lot of 
restructured would have flown to NPL buckets in the recent months because of non-payment, so 
what is that overlapping pool? 
HP Singh: 
Technically what we are tracking which is probably the stressed assets which is the restructured 
pool of 584. We are working on that and as we mentioned earlier this 72% collection efficiency 
is still there though we over provided basically looking at not to be very frank we wanted to 
build up our and we wanted to insulate our P&L basically that is the reason why we showed up 
our provisioning to a large extent to really look up. So, our sense is once this pool because this 
got restructured last September, so by this September we will probably have a year ahead we 
could have probably also not been able to really look at it from that angle. So, the moment one 
year passes by September we will have a fair idea and that is the reason why we were able to 
built up that provision and insulate our P&L. So, that is where it is as thing stands. Rest of the 
other things are probably going as normal as I told you the new asset class is absolutely fine with 
probably no GNPA coming in. So, our sense is our aim is over, we have adequately provided as 
an institution we brought GNPA is down, we are profitable. So, I think whatever we possibly 
could do we have done it in this quarter.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, you mean that if the current collection efficiency holds up then we may not require more 
provisions in the coming quarters? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
HP Singh: 
You are right we probably would be able to release provision and in fact not build in more 
provisions. So, that is the positive which we have been trying to let people understand.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And that would be because a lot of a bulk of the customer pool in restructured asset and even 
right now in NPL after write off must be paying because we used to typically give that breakup 
between paying and not paying? 
HP Singh: 
We have taken a flat about 73%, 75% are paying and let us say about 25% would be irregular in 
paying. I am not saying that they are not paying they would be irregular in paying. So, they 
probably would remain in NPA for some point of time and after a certain time may also probably 
be come down to PAR-0 once their demand and everything finish off. 
Jugal Kataria: 
One more thing 50% of the gross NPA are from Assam and as on today there is probability that 
money will come from government slightly early or slightly late. So, that is also to be kept in 
mind..  
HP Singh: 
If you really look at the complete picture as such including 2% of Assam which is there, which 
we hope that the signs are that the money will come from the state government. Technically, we 
do not have practically we have huge provision now which is about 180% of our on book 
whatever the NPL are. So, if you really look at it is all positive down from here which has been 
captured in the results for this quarter.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sir I have few more questions I mean if there is a queue I will come back or else I can continue 
if you permit. So, on this Assam situation I know it is a very small part of our portfolio, but so 
in the last couple of weeks have you seen any major improvement in collections in Assam and 
when do you think can it fully normalize? 
HP Singh: 
Just to give you an update so whatever we have disbursed again in Assam we have started 
disbursing about 6 months back. So, that portfolio is behaving absolutely fine. What has 
happened is for people who were under stress because of the government whatever the Assam 
thing has been going on, there has been improvement though it has been slight. I do not have 
benchmark numbers as such, but it was of the 5% to 10% increase in the collection efficiency 
even for the Assam portfolio also over there. So, that probably goes on. We are just waiting for 
once whatever has been decided by the state government and everything that start is releasing I 
think then we will have some windfall also coming in.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
More specifically I was wanting more color in the recent weeks because we had major floods in 
May end and June. So, July was a stabilization month so maybe towards the second half of July 
have you seen any improvement? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
HP Singh: 
There has been no disruption in terms of flood. So, that is very key there has been no disruptions 
because of floods in Assam.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir in terms of liquidity now that we had to kind of address the stress in the book and we 
took upfront provisions and which led to a loss. So, first quarter we started off with a meaningful 
loss in the book, would it kind of impact liquidity availability for growth. So, while we would 
want to grow at 20%, 25%, but with this loss do you anticipate some kind of moderation of 
liquidity availability or otherwise I think the division was taken into confidence the lenders and 
the liquidity should then come through.  
HP Singh: 
So, Rajiv when you talk of loss which loss are you talking about the consol loss? 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes consol.  
HP Singh: 
So, consol has no bearing. So, let me give you a perspective I think Jugal will give you a very 
clean perspective about that I think people have really not been able to understand because you 
are also mentioning a loss there is no loss as such even if we take out the unrealized gains through 
the fair value of the investment. So, let Jugal clarify this to you with numbers.  
Jugal Kataria. 
Rajiv there are two things that I think everybody should understand one that the valuation gain 
that we have booked is not theoretical it is actual valuation gains. We have been investing into 
these businesses for last three, four years slowly we have invested that money and then we have 
not specifically raised money to invest into subsidiary. So, that money has gone out of our 
borrowed funds/equity and the approximate cost of fund that we have invested into subsidiary 
over a period of time is close to 100 crore on cost and in case we take it on lending basis it is 
almost double. So, almost 100 crores on cost and 200 crore on revenue side has impacted our 
P&L for the last three, four years which is purely accounting. On the other side we have actually 
created value in those businesses. So, to that extent the value that we have created we have 
accounted for that to show the real picture as to what the actual financials are. So, if we are 
talking about standalone financials there is a 70 crore PBT, 69 crore PBT and 60 crore of PAT 
which is not theoretical and on a consol basis also that value has been created though because of 
the accounting standard we cannot reflect it there so that is the one point that you should be 
convinced that this is the actual profit which is being accounted technically what we stand for 
and financials and on the other side in case we eliminate both the credit cost and the valuation 
gain we are still operational into profit close to about 45 odd crore or operational profit is there 
in case we eliminate both the valuation gain and this 5 odd percent of loss. So, there is no loss 
as such, value that we have created we have brought in on to record to show a right picture.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, Jugal how frequently we will keep on revaluing the investments in subsidiaries so this also 
was the first time we did to reflect the fair value of our investment, so would this be a annual 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
phenomena or so how do we go about taking incremental up or down in the value in the P&L 
going forward? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So, we are still in the process of discussing it with the auditor as per standard it has to be done 
on every reporting date, but we are still in the process of finalizing that unless there is a 
meaningful up or down should we do it at every reporting date once a year and on we will have 
more clarity by the end of next quarter.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And I think sir spoke about 30%, 35% growth so sir even in this year are we looking at 25%, 
30% growth FY23 and if it that comes through would we require capital by the end of the year? 
HP Singh: 
I do not think so we are profitable technically or the other thing which we will probably do is 
the warrants have to get executed. So, if required we would probably prepone our warrant one 
is because the end date is sometime in July 23, but if require for growth I think we will prepone 
the warrants before that. So, technically we do not require any further capital demand. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And sir just last question about ROA in FY24 because I believe that the true franchise 
efficiencies will reflect in FY24 when the credit cost will normalize and when also our spare 
operating capacity will come into play because the growth coming the cost will not increase 
along with that, so in FY24 what should be ROA number that one can expect on a reasonable 
basis? 
HP Singh: 
It is all positive the way I think if somebody reads the results truly I think it is all been positive. 
My own sense is it will be north of about 2.75% to about 3% ROA for sure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishwanath Singh an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vishwanath Singh: 
My question is basically just wanted to know can you shed some light on the 5,000 crore funding 
which you recently mentioned, how is it going to be utilized and specifically now that you have 
subsidiaries also, can you also realize the breakup if you are going to raise 5,000 crore how are 
you going to utilize and what exactly will be invested in the subsidiaries? 
Jugal Kataria: 
That is an enabling resolution, whatever money we borrow and whatever money we want to 
borrow through NCD route we need to have a annual approval from the shareholders. So, that 
was more like a enabling resolution that we want shareholders to pass that is the same amount 
your point in time our outstanding NCD can go beyond 5,000 crore as on today so that is more 
like a enabling resolution that we have to pass every year at the shareholders meeting, but to 
achieve this year’s budget we have to raise close to about 6,500 odd crore of money. We have 
already raised 1,300 odd crore in the first quarter and have received another 500 odd crore till 
date post first quarter. So, we are on track and I am sitting on 1,000 crore liquidity on track to 
raise the money to achieve the budget.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Vishwanath Singh: 
And also within subsidiaries I think as an investor we are expecting more from Satin Housing 
Finance, it is as you understand there is lot of scope of growth from this business, so can you 
shed some light on I mean what is the expected growth in terms of percentage in terms of AUM 
which we can expect by the end of this year or maybe for next two years, how much growth do 
we expect in the Satin Housing Finance Limited loan book? 
HP Singh: 
Housing has been giving at about 50 odd percent year-on-year our sense is I think they will 
continue to do that in the next couple of years too about 50%, 60% growth because the base has 
been small that will keep on continuing. So, I think whatever we require in terms of capital for 
them I think we will be able to put it across to the parent company.  
Vishwanath Singh: 
Also sir like you mentioned 50% that is why tracking the financials or the numbers for the 
competitors I think as the portfolio where we stand should not we expect like 100% growth year-
on-year or is it that we are being more conservative just to see how the market goes? 
HP Singh: 
You are talking about housing? 
Vishwanath Singh: 
Specifically for housing finance.  
HP Singh: 
We have always been very prudent and conservative in how we put forward because you never 
know when crisis do arise and everything and thankfully during this crisis since we have built 
up a very solid portfolio in housing we had a 100% collection efficiency, there was absolutely 
no collection efficiency going down or GNPA coming in. So, I think that is probably the pure 
reason why I think housing has been one of our stars and which reflects in the valuation which 
we have done. So, I think going forward we would like to have more focus on portfolio quality 
rather than looking at numbers, numbers we will achieve in any which ways maybe two years 
hence or maybe hence, but portfolio quality is probably the best thing which we want to really 
at across all the subsidiaries as well as the parent.  
Vishwanath Singh: 
Like 50% which mentioned on the conservative side? 
HP Singh: 
While you can interpret it in anyway.  
Vishwanath Singh: 
Just wanted to like you are saying it is a reasonable 50% growth which we can expect or it is the 
maximum growth? 
HP Singh: 
50% is something which will happen definitely I think you win on that and I lose on that.  
Vishwanath Singh: 
As an investor I have high hopes from Satin Housing Finance because I have been tracking this 
business closely and I see lot of potential in the next few years, so I was particularly interested 
in how you are trying to drive the growth of this housing finance? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
HP Singh: 
Hopefully we would not let you down I think that probably can be seen in the valuation which 
is probably come in.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raunak Singhvi a Retail Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Raunak Singhvi: 
I have a few other questions one is on this fair value revaluation which we have done or valuation 
we have done, from a regulatory and lenders perspective will they sort of look at from a positive 
perspective in terms of increase in networth because otherwise adjusted networth has come down 
considerably due to the write off in the 328 crores of provisioning which we have taken in the 
current quarter that is an important point which I just wanted to understand.  
Jugal Kataria: 
You know our understanding is that the regulation permits that and as I explained in reply to 
Rajiv’s question that this is the actual valuation that we have created and because of accounting 
the notional cost of that fund that we have invested just close to about 100 crore on cost and 200 
crore on revenue. So, unless we do this kind of accounting we will continue to have negative 
carry in the standalone financials and to that extent the standalone numbers will always be 
understated and we have tried to explain that in our investor presentation and we communicate 
and explain that to all the stakeholders that this is the right way of looking at the performance of 
the company both on standalone and consolidated basis. The value has actively being created 
and we want to scale up the subsidiary out of our own resources for some more time. So, we feel 
that this is the right approach to do the accounting. We do not see any challenge from lenders 
side or regulator, we will explain that we will discuss it with the auditor and taken all the 
financial help to reach these conclusions. So, we will be able to communicate that to all the 
stakeholder’s positively.  
Raunak Singhvi: 
And just also wanted to understand the write off of 275 crores and ARC sale of 100 crore this 
year which is like close to 375 crore being taken off the book from practically, so just wanted to 
understand on this 375 crore how much has been from the restructured book or these are all from 
the GNPA? 
HP Singh: 
I think on the restructured book out of this 375 is close to about 225 crores.  
Raunak Singhvi: 
Because I was seeing that this slippages in the quarter from primarily from the restructured book 
would be then around net of 180 crores and some 45 crores would have sort of comeback. I am 
just doing a basic Math from 217 crores? 
HP Singh: 
Exactly that is what the real Math works out to these right now basically.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Limited  
August 04,2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Raunak Singhvi: 
As the pre provisioning operating profit and I am just talking about operating profit because in 
the press release the pre provisioning operating profit also includes the fair value it is obviously 
not an operating profit per say is coming at around 47 crore is my Math correct? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So, broadly yes our PBT is about 70 crores so if we exclude both the fair valuation of 351 crore 
and credit cost of 324 crore so this number is close to about 45 crore, 47 crore so your 
understanding is correct to that extent.  
HP Singh: 
Raunak just to add up I think when you look at these numbers I think this is what we mentioned 
it to Rajiv and to you also this is exactly what it is so technically it is not an operation loss, it is 
an operational profit of about 45 crores practically pre operating profit about 45 crores. So, where 
people do understand that it is an operation loss, it’s not that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Aditi Singh – Head Strategy for a closing comments.  
Aditi Singh: 
Good morning everyone. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining this call and it was 
a very intense call and I hope we have been able to address all your queries and explain 
everything to your satisfaction. However, should you still need some more information you can 
reach out to me. My name is Aditi Singh and I head the Strategy for Satin Creditcare. You can 
also reach out to my colleagues, Ms. Shweta Bansal – DGM, Investor Relation and we shall be 
able to provide you with whatever information we shall be able to within the permitted limits 
and any clarification you want we are happy to discuss. Stay healthy, stay safe, have a great day, 
bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Satin Creditcare Network Limited that concludes 
this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you.  
