  
August 9, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: LEMONTREE 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Ref: Outcome of Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors 
Dear Sir 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
& 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that in continuation to the disclosure made on 
August 4, 2022 wr.t. the audio recordings of the conference call on unaudited financial 
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 held on Thursday, August 4, 2022 please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call with investors/analysts. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking You 
For Lemon Tre& Hotel 
: Limited 
WEB 
| 
Nikhil 
: 
AVP Leg 
Group Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer 
   
  
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
(CIN No. L74899DL1992PLC049022) 
Registered Office: Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District, New Delhi-110037 
T +91 11 4605 0101 
| F +91 11 46050110 
| E hi@lemontreehotels.com 
Central Reservation: +91 9911 701 701 
| www.lemontreehotels.com

lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 4, 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Anoop Poojari: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
- Earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen- 
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal a moderator by pressing 
‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Lemon Tree Hotels 
Q1 
FY23 Earnings conference Call. We have with us today, 
Mr. 
Patanjali 
Keswani, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Kapil Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Vikramjit Singh, President of the company. 
We 
will 
begin the 
call 
with 
brief opening remarks from 
the management, 
following which we'll have the forum open for an interactive question-and- 
answer session. 
Before we start, 
| would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the results presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
| would now request Mr. Keswani to make his opening remarks. 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. I'll be covering 
the quarterly business highlights and the financial performance for the quarter 
ended June 30,2022, post which we will open the forum for your questions and 
suggestions. 
FY23 began on 
a strong note bolstered by strong demand, corporate travel 
increased 
resulting 
in 
a 
recovery 
in 
our 
business 
destinations. 
We 
saw 
increased demand for meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions which 
contributed to our growth. The gross ARR increased 104% year-on-year and 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 
1 of 16 
  
 

18% quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 4,822. Focus on cost optimization resulted in our 
best ever quarter. In terms of EBITDA margins of 48.2%, up 4354 basis points 
year-on-year and 1,320 basis points quarter-on-quarter. As we move forward, 
we hope to deliver significantly higher profit margins as operating leverage and 
demand outlook improve. 
In Q1 
FY23, 
our occupancy stood 
at 65.1% on 
full inventory, which 
is an 
increase 
of 
3546 
bps 
year-on-year 
and 
1894 
bps 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Subsequently, total revenue increased by 334% year-on-year to Rs. 192.3 crore 
and 51% quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 192.3 crore. Our PAT in Q1 FY23 improved 
by Rs. 73 crore year-on-year and Rs. 53 crore quarter-on-quarter. 
Over the last two years, there has been a substantial focus on cost optimization 
and ARR recovery, which has resulted in significant EBITDA margin expansion 
for our company. 
I'm happy to announce that the company had its best ever 
quarter in terms of net EBITDA, which stood at Rs. 92.6 crore up 4400% year- 
on-year and 
108% 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Our expenses 
as 
a percentage 
of 
revenue have been steadily decreasing, down 1,580 bps since Q1 FY20. This 
has largely been accomplished through lower payroll costs, power and fuel costs 
and raw material costs. Our RevPAR is up 66% quarter-on-quarter and 350% 
year-on-year owing primarily to an increase in ARRs during the quarter. 
Our current operational inventory comprises 84 hotels, and 8,251 rooms with 
2,424 more rooms in the pipeline. Hence, based on the current pipeline by FY 
25, our total operational inventory will be 10,675 rooms with 110 hotels. 
Moving onto the P&L statement. Our top priority remains to strengthen our 
financial position. On a consolidated basis, our net cash profit for the quarter, 
which is really PAT plus depreciation was Rs. 42.9 crore, 
a 1542% increase 
year-on-year. We are optimistic that we will generate significantly more cash in 
the coming quarters, allowing us to meet our debt obligations and fund the 
Aurika Mile entirely through internal accruals. 
Lemon Tree Hotels' standalone net EBITDA stood 
at 51.9%, 
up 2093 bps 
quarter-on-quarter and 6269 bps year-on-year. A key reason for this 
is an 
increase in management fees received from our subsidiary Fleur Hotels and our 
Managed and Franchise portfolio, both of which performed well during the 
quarter. Furthermore, the Keys portfolio has begun to perform in key markets 
for the company, and will have its first full normal year of operation since its 
acquisition in the end of 2019. Although there is still room for improvement, we 
are confident in our ability to turn the position around with effective renovation 
and upgrades to make the brand more appealing to customers. 
The Lemon Tree Premier brand has been the strongest performer among our 
seven brands with 71% occupancy and a 
rise in ARR of 138% on a year-on- 
year basis. The markets of Delhi, Hyderabad, Bangalore, and Mumbai have 
seen a big uptick in occupancy and ARR due to corporate demand coming back, 
while Gurgaon has lagged. We are confident that Gurgaon will cover up in H2 
FY23. 
Furthermore, LTH has had better ARR percentage growth in May 2022 versus 
April 2022 compared to the market in the cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 2 of 16

Moderator: 
Archana Gude: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Archana Gude: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Pune, Goa, Chennai and Chandigarh. We are pleased to report that we have 
signed new Hotels in Vishakhapatnam, Malad in Mumbai, Jaipur, and Assam 
and Kharar in Chandigarh during the quarter as well as operationalized the Keys 
Hotel in Tapovan, Rishikesh. Our main goal is to expand our portfolio to an asset 
light approach in key strategic cities. Consumers are increasingly interested in 
leisure travel. This, combined with consumer preference for branded hotels 
bodes well for organized players in this space. Furthermore, the construction of 
our largest hotel Aurika Mumbai is on track, and will open by the end of calendar 
year 2023. 
Large diversity of team and gender inclusion, 
is one of the key pillars of our 
corporate mission. We have been ‘actively engaging with differently abled and 
economically, educationally, socially or geographically challenged individuals 
over the years. As we look forward, we aim to have around one-third of our 
employees from these segments of society in our team by FY26. 
In terms of demand, we see a significant improvement in consumer sentiment. 
Leisure and corporate travel 
continue 
to 
gain traction. We anticipate that 
consumption will strengthen even further in the coming quarters as we continue 
to focus on expanding our presence across India and addressing demand 
across the upper upscale, upscale, midscale and economy segments with our 
portfolio of seven brands. 
The first question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you 
for the opportunity and congratulations on 
a very good 
set 
of 
numbers. 
First, 
starting with 
this Aurika, 
Udaipur. So when 
| 
look 
at the 
occupancy growth for Udaipur compared to rest of the key cities, so there has 
been kind of subdued occupancy. How much business we have lost due to 
unrest in the city and whatis the situation now on both occupancy and area front 
Now, the fact is that, you know in Aurika, we did only 37% occupancy, partly due 
to the unrest, but partly also due to the fact that we are trying to hold our prices 
at about Rs. 11,000 in summer. 
| don't know 
if you know, but this is the first 
summer Aurika has been open in a normal year. So we are really stressing out 
in trying to position this hotel. There are other Hotels who have significantly 
dropped prices but we took a conscious call that in Q1 and Q2 we will try and 
hold onto a price of about Rs. 11,000 rupees and build demand at this price 
point rather than drop it. So this is a temporary phenomenon. | think you will find 
that based on our forward bookings in H2, this positioning will pay us very good 
dividends, and for the full year, we will witness a very good performance in this 
hotel. 
That was helpful. Sir, my second question, in Q1 there were new signings, so 
should we expect the same momentum to continue, like, adding 18 to 20 Hotels 
going forward, and also what is the mix of timings in terms of hotels which are 
already operational and have come 
to 
us and 
will 
be the completely new 
property to be developed? 
We will 
will open 
14 hotels with over 1,000 rooms 
in this year and we will 
definitely sign an additional 2,000 rooms. Now when we signed 2,000 rooms, 
there are three types of hotels we sign, greenfield, which typically take 3 to 4 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 3 of 16 
a 
 

Archana Gude: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
years to open, brownfield, which take 12 to 24 months, and conversions, which 
is existing operating hotels, which we normally open within six months. 
So 
if 
you 
look 
at 
the 
five 
hotels, 
we 
added 
in 
Q1, 
the 
Keys 
Llte 
in 
Vishakhapatnam is a conversion and will open at the end of this year. The Malad 
Hotel, which is in Mumbai, which is a 93-room hotel will open also in December 
2022, which is a conversion. The Keys Lite in Jaipur will open in April, 2023. 
It 
is more of a brownfield. The Keys Select in Chirang, Assam, will open in July, 
2023 it’s a brownfield. The Lemon Tree Hotel in Chandighar, Kharar, will open 
in April 2025 because it isa greenfield. 
So based on the type of the state of the hotel, the openings are at a different 
time. But as far as signings go, we will definitely sign more than 2,000 additional 
rooms for our company this year and what we will open from the backlog is about 
14 Hotels with over 1,000 rooms. 
My last question on margins, so there is almost 600 bps decline in employee 
cost and 270 bps decline in F&B in Q1 FY23 compared to Q1 FY20. So how did 
we achieve this despite higher room inventory and F&B cost inflation, what we're 
seeing currently, and how sustainable it is going forward, like you know, earlier 
in the interview 
| heard in the morning, we were talking about 50% EBITDA 
margin. So if 
| take, let's say, two- three years down the line view, will we be in 
the position to maintain that 50% plus margins going forward? 
So the first point is about the cost, what we learnt during COVID, those two 
years, see what happens over time is all companies get into what is called a 
stable state of operations, and sometimes being a little successful means there 
is a certain level of complacency. So when we listed in 2018, we had an all India 
study done by an external reputed agency, where it turned out that our staff per 
room was 0.95 and the India average in the mid-market was 1.6. So we are 
under the impression, we were doing a good job. 
However, 
| think what COVID has shown us, the other thing about the hotel 
business is it is not the demand for work, it's not even in the day or in the week 
or inthe month, because there is always cyclicity. So normally, you start staffing 
for high levels of demand. So if there is a lot of check-ins at 11 o'clock in the 
morning, there you will have peak staffing to meet that demand, which will be 
actually underutilized for the remaining 20 hours of the day. 
So we rationalized all this, and today our staff is roughly 0.63 per room, and we 
are very confident that at peak, at 77% to 78% occupancy, which is what we did 
in Q1 
FY20, we will go up 0.66. We are 
also undergoing 
a major digital 
transformation exercise for our company, which 
is focused on revenue, on 
customer, on cost and productivity, and we are very confident in fact that this 
0.66 will 
be maintained as a standard for our company going forward. 
Similarly, as far as food and beverage cost went, we found that we had, over 
time, built fairly complex menus, which led to a certain amount of wastage. So 
we found that if you re-engineer menus, you can drop the food cost which was 
earlier 9% of our revenue, today is 6% of our revenue. So really, this was re- 
engineering menus, redefining of buffets and so on and so forth. 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 4 of 16 
 

Moderator: 
Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
As far as power and fuel goes, from 10% of revenue it is down to 9%, and that 
is because we have looked consciously 
at wherever we could 
to reduce 
consumption and go into renewable energy, which is part of our ESG strategy. 
We want to be 50% renewable in the next four years. 
Other expenses, again we looked at all areas of the wastage. And typically, that 
was 24% of our revenue that is dropped to 19%. Now obviously, part of this is 
because basically our expenses in say Q1 FY20, was 67% and we had a 33% 
Net EBITDA, this has come to 52%, so 48% Net EBITDA margin. Now the key 
question is, how much of this is because of increase in revenue and distribution 
of fixed costs, and how much is the reduction in variable costs. 
So fixed cost clearly has been distributed, with a higher revenue base because 
we were Rs, 142 crore, now we are Rs. 192 crore, but the variable costs, which 
used to be roughly 29% of our sales, 
it's today 23%. So there is a 6% clear 
reduction in variable cost on revenue basis and as our revenues grow, clearly 
the fixed cost component will also be distributed better. 
| know some of you are skeptical, but 
| can say with 100% confidence that Net 
EBITDA will exceed 50% of revenue in this year, and will continue to be so for 
the next three years, primarily because the variable costs have come down by 
6% and fixed costs will be spread on the larger revenue base. Also keep in mind 
that Q1 is the lowest revenue quarter, historically, and accounts typically for only 
21% of the company's revenue. 
The next question 
is from the line of Nihal Jnam from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, thank you so much and congratulations on the strong performance, Mr. 
Keswani. Couple of questions from my side. The first one is, while you alluded 
to ARRs being at Rs. 4,800 and 
it being 20% higher, 
| think the like-to-like 
comparison should be to look at 
it without Keys? Because Q1 20 did not have 
Keys. So you've actually seen a 28% increase in ARR. Is that the right thought, 
first of all? 
Yes, because like to like, 
| think we have Rs. 5,120 or something in the Lemon 
Tree portfolio. 
That's helpful. The other thing is that if 
| look at the occupancy for this quarter, 
which is at 65%, and is still, say, 10%-12% lower than what it was pre-COVID, 
so obviously, 
| think there has been a choice at Room nights which you alluded 
to in case of Udaipur that we've tried maintaining prices and seen to it that the 
ARRs don't drop across our portfolio, rather than ideally looking at getting a base 
occupancy and then trying 
to drive ARRs higher. So what was the thought 
behind taking this choice? Is this something you plan to continue even ahead, 
where the focus will be pricing and not occupancy? 
See, when you open in a new market and you are not too well-known a brand, 
then what happens, Nihal, 
is that you drop prices because you want to be 
preferred based on price. But over time, 
| think our brand as widely accepted by 
customers and we were anyway planning pre-COVID to refocus changing the 
strategy from occupancy led revenue growth to a price led revenue growth, 
which obviously is a much more profitable way of looking at the business. 
4 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 5 of 16

Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Also, what happened is, 
| think when COVID occurred, for two years, our original 
customers 
all disappeared. The customers we had were not our traditional 
customers. So we felt that we had an opportunity once COVID got done that we 
would be able to reposition and re-price ourselves. So it was a conscious call 
which we took, in fact, in March this year, and we said that we will now price 
according to what feedback we have got from various agents who work with us 
or what our customers feel 
value for money proposition is. 
So if you look at, now, our occupancy, yes, it is 20% below in terms than what it 
was in Q1 FY20, which means that in Q1 FY20, 
| think it was closer to 78%, now 
it is 65%. So really, at this price point, we are very confident we could go up to 
78% to 80% in winter. Not only that, we are very clear we intend to increase the 
price this winter 
One big impact will be when Aurikas goes to about 70% to 75% occupancy in 
winter, 
its impact alone on ARR will be Rs. 200-300 on the company ARR 
because it is going to be at an ARR of Rs.18,000-odd. So put together, 
if 
| look 
forward, 
| would say that our ARR certainty should be in the mid Rs.5,000 in H2, 
and our occupancy should be in the mid-70%. And I'm very confident, we'll be 
there. 
Just one last question and more a thought from your end that on this forum we 
have regularly discussed about maybe the impact of COVID on corporate travel 
will see some demand permanently getting impacted. And at this point in time, 
we are seeing a significant surge in corporate travel because of IT travel opening 
up and a 
lot of other things have seen 
a pent-up element. So as you look 
forward, are you expecting that the room nights sustain from the corporate 
segment going forward at this very level? Why 
| am asking that is because if we 
expect rates to sustain, what is going to drive the room night demand from us, 
or in COVID, have you seen a big shift where even the non-corporate demand 
has become a key driver, which is expected to sustain for you. 
So let me answer this in a slightly different way. 
If you look at Q1 FY20, we did 
77% - 78% occupancy, we did roughly 3,000 rooms that was 
the sale. Of which, 
1,500 rooms were corporate, and if | remember right, about 1,000 rooms were 
retail. So 1,500 corporate, 1,000 retail and another 500-odd rooms were airline 
and meetings, incentives, conferences. 
This year, because we've opened some more hotels, we did about 3,350 rooms, 
which mean the number of rooms grew. 
| think exactly, it was about 376 rooms. 
Where did this growth come from, and where was the de-growth? The corporate 
travel dropped from 1,500-odd rooms to 1,400 and some rooms, which was a 
drop of about 75 rooms. So FY22 to FY23, corporate usage of rooms in Lemon 
Tree dropped by 76 rooms. 
However, 
retail increased 
by 473 rooms. 
So what happened 
is that when 
corporate, which was 50% of our occupancy, today is 43%. Retail, which was 
33%- 34%, today is 45%. So retail, which is 45% is priced in such a way that the 
revenue is 50% of our company. The 43% from corporate from revenue terms 
is 39%. 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 6 of 16 
  
 

Nihal Jham: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Meet Jain: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Meet Jain: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Meet Jain: 
Kapil Sharma: 
Moderator: 
So here is a funny thing, roughly equal amount of room nights, but one is priced 
at 1.25 times the other guy's pricing. 
So you see, one is corporate demand, 
even if it maintains at current levels. 
| am a little agnostic to that. What we are 
completely focused on 
is the retail segment, because the retail segment is a 
bigger segment, it's more difficult to shift them once they take a choice to stay 
with you, it's not a decision taken by a company but by individuals. So there is 
brand loyalty. 
It is not so transactional. And lastly, they pay higher prices. 
| would look at from the management perspective is how quickly can we grow 
the retail segment, because the faster we grow it, the less we need large lower 
paying corporates. 
| just had a follow-up on this discussion is that given the focus on retail then, 
then doesn't pricing become important that this segment is known to be price 
sensitive that in case you keep your rates higher as we discussed, maybe that 
then becomes a little contradictory? 
So I'm going to give you a teaser. 
| charge retail lower rates than corporates in 
summer and much higher rates in winter. My problem is corporates, 
| have to 
give them a year around rate. So if | give them a rate of say Rs.4,500 in summer 
and winter, in summer they typically use me less when 
| need them more, and 
in winter when 
| can substitute that demand with higher rate demand, they use 
me more. 
Next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
| have one question regarding the tax rate. In this quarter we are witnessing a 
higher tax burden as compared to previous quarter. So can you elaborate on 
that part? 
Yes, so actually since you would notice that this is the first quarter, where we 
are PBT positive 
after more 
than 
seven 
quarters, 
so 
as 
a 
conservative 
accounting we have not yet identified our deferred tax assets. So we had 
a 
discussion with our auditor that it's too early to recognize. So that's why you 
would see that the number would look higher, 
but going forward when we 
identify, this number would substantially go down for the full year. 
Okay. So this quarter's impact can be seen 
in other quarters, like 
it will be a 
lower tax as compared to previous quarters? 
Yes. 
So any tax rate we can gauge in the financial model ? 
On a 
safer side, you can take 20% because if you look at current results, there 
are two slabs where current tax is roughly 15%,-16%. So 
it would be in that 
averaged range. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 7 of 16

Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, 
| wanted some 
highlight on the debt reduction plan, and what is the net debt expected at the 
end of FY23 and FY24? 
Our gross debt is coming down slightly from 
| think Rs. 1,700 crore to Rs. 1,690 
crore in this quarter. We are spending a significant amount of money in MIAL, 
which is our Aurika. We have said that we need another Rs. 500-odd crore which 
we will go through internal accruals. We have fairly clear line of sight and a high 
degree of confidence that in the next four to four and a half years we will be debt 
free. We are not looking at any additional capital deployment, other than ongoing 
routine renovation expenses, some expenditure 
in our digital transformation 
exercise and some minor expenditure moving more towards renewable and 
reduction in greenhouse gases. Our conservative estimate 
is that within five 
years, we will be debt free. But if certain things which we expect, occur and we 
move towards the top of cycle, then this would be significantly earlier. 
Coming to your Q1 performance, 
| mean this is one of your best quarters. And 
on the EBITDA front, the best quarter till date. Do you think like is sort of Q1 
is 
sustainable going forward? 
| am very disappointed with our results 
. 
Let me tell you that 
| have given 
guidance based on Mr. Narayana Murthy's principles which is under-promise 
and over-deliver. And 
| said we will do double, we will do at least double our 
revenue this year as compared to last year, and we will do at least 50% Net 
EBITDA. So 
| think you should ask me this question in May 2023. 
One last question, coming to your employee cost, as a percentage of revenue, 
of course, they have gone down, but 
if you look at 
it from -on a quarter-on- 
quarter basis, 
it is up by approximately 20%. So 
| mean, there aren't any hotel 
openings on the owned and leased side. So whether you have contractual 
workers, 
I'm 
assuming 
permanent worker, 
like 
any 
reason 
for 
this 20% 
increase? Was it because of some bonuses or some other reasons? And is this 
the run rate going forward? 
So let me explain, employee cost per room has gone up, cost per employee has 
gone up. So 
if you look at 
it from that perspective, 
let me answer this. The 
number of employees has dropped from 0.95 per room to 0.64. That's a 33% 
reduction. But the cost per employee has gone up from Rs. 27,500 to Rs. 31,500 
per month. So that is a 15% increase. 
Okay. So, 
sir, this 
is a permanent kind of run rate that we expect as going 
forward. 
Yes. But typically, because we are adding another 20 plus hotels in the next 20 
months, whenever we try and avoid legacy costs. So whenever we open a new 
hotel, we promote internally rather than promote within that hotel and increase 
the average cost per employee within the 
hotel, we transfer a promotable 
employee to the new hotel. Where that role is filled at that cost. So we replace 
that employee then with a lower cost employee. So think of it this way, if 
| transfer 
an Assistant Head of Department from one hotel as a Head of Department from 
other to a new hotel, then in the new hotel that was anyway in the budgeted 
cost. The Assistant HOD who is been transferred 
is not replaced by another 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 8 of 16

Moderator: 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Jayesh Shah: 
assistant HOD, he is replaced by an executive who moves up to his role, typically 
at a lower cost. 
Deputy HOD is at a cost of Rs. 60,000 and has moved to another hotel at Rs. 
70,000 where that's being factored in from a Deputy to a full HOD. The deputy 
is replaced by an executive who is promoted to Rs. 50,000. 
So over 15 years, 
if you look at it, our average increase in cost per employee has grown only at 
2% because of this growth and this constant transfer. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from Future 
Generali Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
The first question is that the Mumbai airport hotel, which is coming up, what are 
likely to be our average ARRs? And second question is, what is likely to with the 
capital structure of this hotel? 
| mean how much of it is funded through debt and 
equity? 
So capital structure is 100% equity. There is no debt it is being funded through 
internal accruals. So, think of it this way, we are writing down debt equal to what 
we are borrowing, 
it would have added debt of Rs.500 crore instead, we are 
generating it internally. So the Rs. 1,700 crore of gross debt will remain the same 
till the hotel opens. 
This hotel, will open in the end of calendar year 2023, because our current hotel 
in Mumbai 
is a shade under Rs. 7,000, and we think this hotel based on our 
expectations with Aurika in Udaipur, and the quality of this hotel and the quality 
of competitive Hotels at that level in Bombay, we think we should be in the range 
of Rs. 11,500 to Rs.12,500. 
Fantastic. Because most of the incremental rooms that are coming in over the 
next two years is from this segment. So if there is a flip in the ARRs, we can see. 
And this will start from CY20 end of CY23 and it will be in phases rooms, all the 
659 rooms will come in will come in one go? 
So basically, we will do a soft opening. We are hoping that we can open about 
half the hotel in 1st October that is about 300 to 350 rooms. The other half before 
the end of December, in stages. 
Okay. And sir, you think total of Rs. 500 crore will be deployed for getting the 
hotel up and running. Is that correct? 
Yes, we have already deployed about Rs. 450 crore and there is another Rs. 
500 crore. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the 
line 
of Jayesh Shah from OHM 
Portfolio Equity Research. Please go ahead. 
Hello, Mr. Keswani, great numbers. Congratulations. 
| have two questions. The 
first one is what is the outlook for the coming quarter, and how are the exit rate 
panning out? Is there some softness in the second quarter, because since it's 
monsoons? 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 9 of 16

Patanjali Keswani: 
Jayesh Shah: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Jayesh Shah: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
If you do a breakdown of summer and winter. So I'm going to talk first of the full- 
year. 
In a bad year, 45% of your revenue comes in summer H1, and 55% in H2. 
In a good year, this could be 40%- 42% in summer, and 58%-60% in winter. 
I'll 
explain why in summer, half year pricing is in segment for, say, Lemon Tree, 
that retail pricing is a function of demand and supply, and in summer, typically, 
demand of retail is lower than in winter. So there is no significant upside in the 
retail pricing that you get in summer, but a huge upside in winter. 
As far as corporate rates goes, which is the other half of our business roughly, 
prices are determined in October every year for about 70% of your business and 
30% is determined in January, because they have different rate cycles. So in 
either case, 
in summer of a year, the pricing has been determined either in 
October of the previous year or January of that year. So you have no ability to 
change that price. 
What happens 
is 
in a good year, 
in October you increase corporate prices 
significantly and obviously, retail prices anyway, go up significantly. So typically 
the ARR of summer in a good year is much lower than the ARR of Q3, which is 
also lower than the ARR of Q4, because in Q4 there 
is further increased 
in 
January of the remaining corporates. 
Now in a good year, you also do better occupancy in winter, obviously because 
price is function of demand, and that's why your winter-summer revenue can be 
1.4 to 1.5 times as a ratio. In a bad year, you will do 45% in summer and 55% 
in winter, which means the winter revenue will be 1.2 - 1.25 times your summer 
rate. 
So what have we done in Q1, my estimate is Q1 
is 21% of our annual income, 
that's my estimate. Now, when you go to Q2, Q2 is better than Q1. 
| can tell you 
already. But 
it is not significantly better. The real significantly better one will 
occur from Q3, and that is the hotels cycle 
in India. 
It's not Lemon Tree, 
it's 
generally the cycle. 
Right. And the fact that in Q3 and Q4 you also have weddings along with winter, 
so it looks like a perfect storm. 
No, it's not only that, 
| expect foreign travel will also start remember, for Lemon 
Tree, 10% of its business is high-rate foreign travel, and we don't have any of 
that, or very little of that today. I'm told that is all going to start in winter. Talking 
of the industry, 
| expect, and 
| have said this before that winter 
will be great and 
there will be significant price hikes in winter, and next year and the following 
year will be the top of the cycle, and 
it will go back to the 2006, 2007, 2008, 
because Lemon Tree's ARR in 2006 and 2007 was Rs. 7,000. 
If 
| just do back of the envelope calculation on Rs.192 crore of turnover at 65% 
utilization, it seems in the winter month, you could exit at a run rate of Rs.250 
crore per quarter. Just mathematically. 
| don't want to give specific guidance, but 
| said 
| want to under-promise and 
over-deliver. 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 10 of 16 
—> 
 

Kunal Lakhan: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Thank you. So just quickly on the outlook on ADRs, you highlighted that the 
inbound international travel will increase, but at the same time, 
| think even the 
outbound travel will increase, which can have, especially on the leisure side, 
which can have some impact on the ADRs also. So just wanted to understand, 
like, now, 
| know you said that you know the ADRs would be in the range of mid- 
5,000 in the second half, but what could go wrong there? 
Nothing, because 86% of our hotels depend on retail and corporate, and not on 
leisure. 
So the inventory that we have 
in 
leisure 
is fundamentally only 
in 
Bandhavgarh, where we have a small hotel, in Alleppey, where we have another 
small 
hotel, Goa which 
is 
a year-round destination irrespective of outbound 
travel, and Udaipur, which is also a year-round destination. 
So 
| would say, this would be a more appropriate for a company which has a 
much larger inventory in leisure. 
In our case, total leisure 
is only 14% of our 
inventory. 
That's helpful. My second question was on, so we have seen improvement in 
the occupancy levels and ADRs for the industry per se, and also resulting sharp 
improvement in the profitability even including for our peers. So 
| just wanted 
your view on two things here. Like, 
| know we've talked about supply lagging 
demand in the mid-term, but the kind of profitability levels that the industry is 
reaching now, you'd think in the mid to long-term, the supply cycle bills will 
revive, that's first. And secondly, like you know how this impacts the competitive 
intensity for acquiring management contracts? Will that also increase? 
See, competitive intensity to acquire management contracts has always been 
there, Kunal. So it is neither more nor less. We feel that we are able to convert. 
In fact, my Head of Business Development was telling me he needs 10 more 
people. And 
| asked him why, he said, because every day we get one new 
inquiry for a conversion to a Lemon Tree. So it is a very healthy sign, at least as 
far as we are concerned. 
You may have heard today in CNBC, they asked me what do you expect as a 
minimum inventory in four years, and 
| said 20,000. 
I'm very sure we will get 
there, what really it means is we will double from the current 11,000 we expect 
by the end of the next financial. 
As far as the overall scenario goes, 
| am very sure this is a cyclical business. 
When people see absurd returns on capital, because even Lemon Tree in 2005, 
2006, 2007, 2008, was doing ROCE north of 50%. When that kind of returns 
start returning at the top of the cycle, there 
is no doubt that people will plan 
additional supply. 
It is the nature of any cyclical business. 
But the advantage with hotels is that it takes anywhere from three and half to 
five years to operationalize supply, which is why 
| was careful when | said that, 
| mean, next year and the year after, will be golden years, perhaps even the year 
after. So FY24, FY25 and perhaps FY26, but then, sure, there will be additional 
supply. 
But keep in mind that additional supply will come in at a very high cost per room. 
The rate of increase in building hotels every year is north of 10%. So if somebody 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 11 of 16 
 

Moderator: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
is going to build a hotel which opens five years later, due to inflation his cost per 
room compared to, say, a hotel of ours which opened two years ago, will be 
double. So either that person will have to be happy at half the ROCE, or if he is 
happy with his ROCE, we will be getting twice that ROCE. 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes, hi, sir. We have seen a decent growth in ARR compared to pre-pandemic 
level, 20%. So when we see the occupancy side is still lower, so there might be 
some impact in the Keys Hotel or can you explain that mathematics? 
Yes, so we'll go to that slide of the portfolio occupancy, Aurika Lemon Tree. Just 
give me a moment. If you go to Slide 18, you will see that Lemon Tree Premier 
has already crossed 70% in Q1, Lemon Tree hotels have crossed hit 68%. So 
the drags were really Keys, which was 56%, Red Fox because a large part of 
the inventory was in two markets which have yet to pick up, and Aurika. So my 
broad expectation is, if you look at Keys specifically in Bangalore and Pune and 
these two markets, they have bounced back. They are doing very well and are 
in the 70%’s. The markets where we have 250 rooms of Keys in Kerala and 100 
rooms in Ludhiana and 100 rooms in Vishakhapatnam, these are the laggards, 
and we are very focused on increasing their occupancy. We have been looking 
at renovating some of them. And in fact, the renovation is underway. In fact, let 
me tell you, Sumant, if 
| remove renovation expenses, our Net EBITDA in Q1 
was 51%. 
So coming back to these hotels, Aurika will certainly cross 70% in winter. I'm 
hopeful that Keys will be in the mid to late 60%, and the others will be north of 
75%. So 
if you take a weighted average, that's why 
| said broadly we will do 
north of 70% -75% at least. And by the way, as a company, we have always 
done occupancy of mid 70% to late 70%. And 
| see no reason why with the 
tailwinds that we are currently very clearly seeing plus increase 
in demand in 
meetings, incentives, conferences and foreign travel, why we should not be in 
the mid to late 70% as a portfolio. 
So when we see your occupancy for, say, pre-pandemic, say, FY '18-'19, the 
historical higher compared 
to industry. The 
Industry's occupancy and your 
occupancy, blended occupancy was higher. 
| think, excluding Keys, when we 
include Keys the occupancy, do you think occupancy for future will be lower from 
what we have seen historically? 
Historically, like in Q1 FY20, we were at 77%. Now we are at 65%. If 
| take out 
Keys. If | take out Keys, we would be at about 67% in Q1, and Keys were 56% 
So that's the average 65% that we did. I'm pretty sure that Lemon Tree as a 
portfolio will be in the late 70%. Keys, the question 
is how much will Keys be 
less than what net EBIT impact it will have. As 
| said, 
| except Keys is to be in 
the mid to late 60% 
| mean, if you take Keys as about 18% of our inventory or 
17% of our inventory, then that 10% difference will translate to a overall drop of 
2%. So maybe 77% will become 75%. 
Yes. so we are not expecting the 77% kind of occupancy will come in the future 
of this same quarter? 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 12 of 16 
 

Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
No, 
it could come. 
If India occupancy hits 70%, we will certainly be 77%- 78%. 
When India occupancy was 64%- 65%, Lernon Tree was 67%, and part of the 
reason was, we still have some new hotels which are stabilizing. Remember, 
| 
opened 
a 
lot 
of hotels 
in the year immediately preceding COVID. 
So that 
stabilization will occur in H2. 
| have no doubt. 
So to answer your question, assuming no 
big downturns, and the industry 
occupancy continues like this, 
in winter occupancy will definitely be north of 
70%, and we should be, therefore, with a 10% premium, north of 75% 
And the price ARR increase of 20%, so how much is the price increase, how 
much is product mix changes? When we are comparing with the Q1 '20, 
| think 
that time Aurika and Mumbai were just started. 
Correct. 
And so | think there will be a product mix changes also in Q1 FY22. So, out of 
20%, how much is price increase, how much is product mix, can you talk about 
that? 
Because Aurika did 
a very low occupancy, Aurika, the impact will 
be 
not 
material. 
If you look at Bombay, which was at Rs.7,000, Rs.2,000 higher and 
you take 6%, because Bombay's inventory was 6% of the total inventory. So 6% 
of Rs. 2,000 is Rs.120. So if you take that out, our rate would have been close 
to 4700. 
Okay. 
So, net of Bombay, still there has been a north of 15% hike. 
And that is a pure price increase. 
| would assume 
So some other hotels also you have opened, so that might be some effect also. 
To be more specific, the Keys hike is much less in Kerala, in fact, there is no 
hike in Kerala, there is no hike in Ludhiana, there is no hike in Red Fox, Jaipur, 
there is no hike in Vishakhapatnam. So obviously, when we increased prices, 
we looked at markets. Where we felt, we could increase prices and those were 
specifically Bombay, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Calcutta, where we have 
an enormous amount of owned inventory. 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir, Thanks for the opportunity and congratulation on great 
set of numbers. Sir, on the Keys side, can you call out what is the best ARR for 
the 936 Keys portfolio we have seen historically? 
It could be in Bangalore about Rs. 3.5000 to Rs. 3,600. Pune will be about Rs. 
4,000. So those are the two. 
No, 
| was looking at what is the peak, which we have seen historically? 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 13 of 16 
 

Patanjali Keswani: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Less than these. 
The non-room business on the Keys portfolio has gone down substantially 
during this quarter, is it? 
How we are looking at Keys is the following. The reason for acquisition for Keys 
was really acquiring the two hotels in Bangalore. The way we priced it, the hotel 
in Pune, the hotel in Vishakhapatnam. So put together, these were roughly 500 
and some rooms. So we value those at a crore a room, basically because we 
would have put up hotels there at that price. 
Now, when we acquired Keys, so in our case, we didn't attribute any value to 
the two hotels in Cochin and to the hotel in Ludhiana. Now having acquired these 
hotels, we have a two-fold strategy, and the renovation has already started. We 
are going 
to upgrade 
the 
two Bangalore 
hotels, 
the Pune 
hotel 
and the 
Vishakhapatnam hotel to a level where we think we can take the rate up by a 
minimum of Rs. 1,000 and the occupancy up a minimum 
of 20 percentage 
points. 
As far as the other three go, they have been unfortunately deprived of capital 
and renovation. In fact, the whole portfolio. So there, we are going to spend far 
less to bring 
it to what we call a minimum hygiene level. So the investment will 
be while the portfolio is 550 rooms and 400 room in the high performing and low 
performing, potential hotel, we will deploy 80% in the first lot. And this will play 
out this year and the following financial year. And we are pretty confident then 
that -- with what we expect will happen in these markets that Keys will be a high: 
performing portfolio by H2 next year. 
It is already, by the way, let me tell you, high performing in 450 rooms. Most of 
the revenue is coming from there, which is Keys Whitefield, Keys Hosur Road 
and Keys Pune. 
But are these three hotels operating, let's say, 50% EBITDA margin? 
Yes. These are operating at 50%. 
What is the management fee this time around in Q1? 
It's about Rs. 
8 crore from non-owned hotels. 
| mean, I'm not including Fleur 
obviously, because it's consolidated. 
Good. And the staff per room ratio is still at 0.66,? 
Itis at 0.63 now. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
We have noted that you have closed down one of your Red Fox Hotel, seizing 
that operation from 11th May. Could you just highlight what has happened there, 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 14 of 16 
 

Patanjali Keswani: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Yash Visaria: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
and are you seeing more supply side reduction across the country as well? Your 
thoughts there. 
No supply side reduction. This was a one-off. See, what happened with this hotel 
was 
it was a leased hotel, and there were certain issues with the owner. We 
terminated the lease in mid-May. And before that, we had told him, 
| think, about 
a year before that yet certain conditions, he was not meeting. He continued not 
to meet it, so finally, we terminated it because he went to court, we didn't want 
to fight it. We just went and said, he still owes of Rs. 3 - 4 crore of lease deposit, 
and we terminated it because it is not worth our while. But there is no other event 
like this. 
On the ADR recovery itself, now we have noted that given the share of the retail 
demand was much higher, you clogged much higher ADRs, but then going 
forward, as the question have been asked before as well, with higher share of 
corporate demand, do you expect that pressure to sustain because the mix 
change wouldn't happen. Although you would be increasing our rates, but then 
the higher share of corporate demand, wouldn't that push your ADRs down? 
No, 
it will not be higher share of corporate. What happens then is, in October, 
we will reprice corporate. See, what we do is, typically, we look at corporates, 
we trade-off a year-round business, which is committed business, with the risk 
of depending on one large customer, which is, say, a corporate, and the fact that 
we get lower rates. 
I'll tell you another thing. Large corporates take their own sweet time to pay you. 
They will take three months, four months. So we take into account three things. 
One is, what do they give us when we need them and what do they take from 
us when we can replace them with higher rate business, what is the payment 
term, how long do they take to pay, and what 
is the business they give you 
nationally in markets where you need them more than elsewhere. So it's this 
kind of a transactional trade off that you discuss with them. 
Now I'm very clear. 
In October, we expect retail pricing to hit the roof. So the 
only corporates we will keep will be those who are willing to pay that increase in 
price in this trade-off calculation. So if a corporate is paying me Rs. 4,500 today, 
it may happen that 
if 
| can get Rs. 2,000 more 
in retail 
in winter, then the 
corporate's price will not be Rs. 5,000, 
it will be closer to Rs. 6,000. And if they 
don't use me, I'm confident, of course through revenue management, that we 
will be able to substitute them. 
The next question is from the line of Yash Visaria from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hello. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So 
| just wanted to 
understand that the owned rooms has gone down by 102 rooms and managed 
rooms also has gone down quarter-over-quarter by almost 135 rooms. So which 
are these locations, and what is the reason? 
102 rooms are the leased rooms in Red Fox, and 130 rooms were a hotel in Goa 
where they were not willing to renovate to our standards. So we de-flagged it. 
lemon 
ree 
HOTELS 
Page 15 of 16

Moderator: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Hemant: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Moderator: 
Patanjali Keswani: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, good evening, sir, and thank you for the follow-up. Sir, just a couple of 
clarifications. You said that Aurika Udaipur can 
hit Rs. 
18,000 ARR 
in the 
winters. Like, was that the statement? 
Yes, 
it did Rs. 16,000 last year. So definitely, 
it will do Rs. 18,000 in this year. 
Okay. Great. And sir, coming to the management fees, you said Rs. 
8 crore in 
Q1 on a 
consolidated basis, right? 
Yes. 
Okay. any target revenue from the management side in FY23 and FY24? 
So this should be north of Rs. 36 crore this year, and north of Rs. 55 crore next 
year. 
The next question is from the line of Hemant, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, hi, sir. Sir, first of all, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. 
| would 
like to know one thing. Like, occupancy levels you are targeting and seem to be 
very confident that you will be hitting north of 70% by the end of this year. What 
will be the ARR by end of this year? 
That is very specific guidance. All 
| said was that in H2, and you can calculate 
from that, our ARR should be north of Rs. 5,500. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| now hand the conference over 
to the Management for their closing comments. Over to you. 
Thank you, once again, for your interest and support. We continue to stay 
engaged. Please be in touch with our Investor Relations team or CDR India for 
any further details or discussions. 
| look forward to interacting with you soon. 
Thank you. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
lemontree 
HOTELS 
Page 16 of 16 
   
