
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Eveready Industries India Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Eveready Industries India 
Limited -  Q1 FY23 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Eveready Industries India 
Limited’s earnings conference call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including Mr. Suvamoy Saha, Managing Director and Mr. 
Indranil Roy Chowdhury, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, let me share a disclaimer. Some of the statements made on 
today's conference call could be forward-looking in nature and the actual results 
could vary from these forward-looking statements.  
A detailed statement in this regard is available in the press release document 
which has been circulated to you earlier and is also available on the stock 
exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saha to share his perspectives. Thank you  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone on the call hosted to 
discuss Eveready India's first quarter performance for the period ended June 30th, 
2022.  
As you know the Company is home to the iconic Eveready brand; synonymous with 
the category, the name instantly conjures batteries. Throughout its history 
Eveready has taken a very process-oriented approach to establish its credentials. 
In batteries we enjoy the distinction of having a 50% + market share very 
consistently, an achievement that is limited to only a handful of other FMCG 
companies. This has been the result of an iconic brand together with one of the 
best-in-class distribution networks. 
Before we go into the discussion on the various businesses of the Company, I 
would like to highlight the current cultural ethos and the professional ethos of the 
Company in the backdrop of its recent history. The Company went through a period 
of turbulence sometime back which had nothing to do with the fundamental 
structure of its businesses. However, as a consequence, there were many adverse 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
impacts on the operations like a near stoppage of consumer communication, cut 
back on distribution investment and the complete de-focus on growth. Over the last 
few months, the Company has consciously worked itself out of this situation. As a 
very first and important step running of the organization has been handed over to a 
professional management. There is not one promoter who is in an executive role 
now. Most importantly, the focus of the Company is now generating growth. We 
ended FY2022 with the same level of turnover as we had 8 years back. We have 
ambitious targets for growth, which in turn entails on investing in distribution and 
continuous communication to our consumers. The management team is working 
relentlessly to achieve the same. 
The Company today places the highest accent on governance and transparency. It 
is with this spirit that the Company is initiating earnings calls from this quarter, 
whereby it reaches out to investors and analysts with a view, not only to answer 
their queries as transparently as possible, but also improve from any meaningful 
input received during the process. Also, another point to mention is that in the past, 
the Company went into somewhat unrelated areas like tea, confectionary or 
appliances. None of these ventures were supported and eventually all petered out. 
Today the Company is a focused three category play: batteries, flashlights and 
lighting. Even if we consider any new category in the future, we will do so only after 
we are clear that we have lined up appropriate support for the same.  
Now I start by comments on the description of the business dynamics of the 
Company. To start with, the brand Eveready has consistently enjoyed over 65% 
top of mind recall amongst consumers and that puts us at the forefront to take 
further share in our chosen segments. It has found acceptance in the new 
categories within batteries and in our other segments of flashlights and lighting. 
The Company is also home to the Powercell and Uniross brands, which we have 
utilized across our range of portfolio as we seek to build strong affinity with 
differentiation. The popularity of our brands is matched by our extensive distribution 
reach. Presently, we maintain a direct outlet reach of 750,000 stores in the country, 
added to this with the aid of the wholesale channels this reach enhances to cover 
approximately 4 million outlets.  
I have already mentioned that our business today is comprised of three business 
lines. Let me commence with batteries, in which we are presenting both 
technologies for portable consumer dry cells, namely carbon zinc and alkaline. 
Since batteries of both technologies serve the same basic functional needs, usually 
consumers do not make purchasing decisions based on technology, but on price 
points affordable by them. Alkaline batteries are higher priced and offer 
proportionate higher service. We have an overall leadership of this market, with 
share of 52% as per Nielsen data for the quarter ended June 30th, 2022. The 
market share position has remained nearly unaltered over a long period of time 
with minimal brand investment support indicating high legacy engagement of the 
consumers with the brand. Additionally, we have identified several high growth sub 
segments where we have opportunity to leverage our strengths, to gain share in 
the foreseeable future. Our research and marketing teams are engaged in taking a 
fresh look at the battery portfolio with a view to review innovation needs of the 
category, both from technology and brand perspectives. We expect this work to be 
completed by end of this year. As a segment, batteries are well penetrated as an 
industry with a market size of 2.8 billion pieces and then estimated Rs. 2,750 crore 
in value terms. These are estimates as per Neilson and the value being at market 
operating consumer prices. Despite the high degree of penetration, our per capita 
consumption of batteries lags global averages, thereby highlighting the headroom 
for growth. Therefore, usage increase as well as premiumization, our consumer 
trends that will drive growth in the future.  

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Now I move on to flashlights. This has been traditionally our second core category. 
Over time, particularly in the last few years, the marketplace has become crowded 
with a vast number of unorganized players. While we have an estimated 60% 
market share in organized segment, we have not yet participated meaningfully in 
the market of rechargeable flashlights, which has grown fast though with significant 
share of several unorganized players and substandard products flooding the 
market. We intend to deliver quality products to our consumers and leverage the 
strength of our brand to capitalize all these growing segments. Flashlight market 
size is estimated at Rs. 1,100 crore at comparable Company level pricing of which 
traditional battery-operated torches are at Rs. 400 crore and the rechargeable 
torches have grown to Rs. 700 crore. The latter provides a significant window of 
opportunity. The Company's brand and distribution are at terrific feat to the 
flashlights category. We also have the expertise of technology to bring out 
products, which will be discernibly superior to the products available in the market. 
Work is already afoot in developing a full range of rechargeable flashlights, which 
will be introduced to the market over the next few months. We expect that we shall 
have a comprehensive range by end of this financial year. The range will cater to 
the needs of the price conscious rural consumers, as well as meeting the 
expectations of higher price products through urban distribution or e-commerce.  
The third segment that we are presenting is LED lighting. The consumer market for 
LED lighting is a sizeable one, estimated at Rs.12,000 crore at consumer price 
level, growing around 10%. A key feature of the market is that it is quite fragmented 
and no single player accounts for a big share in this Rs. 12,000-crore market. 
When the Company made an entry to this market quite some time back, it 
remained kind of a peripheral business as adequate focus was not provided. This 
approach has now changed. We believe that we can be a notable player in this 
market and all our plans are now centered around this belief. The Company's 
brands are great fit for this market as demonstrated by research and store off take. 
Even our general and modern trade distribution are perfect fit for the purpose with 
some tweaks in the route to the market on which work is underway. Sometime 
back the Company also initiated a distribution channel, addressing electrical 
outlets. Here again, some work remains to be done to improve the efficiency of 
these channels. At the backend, we have now a dedicated development team that 
is working towards creating a range that covers every price, feature and utility as 
required by the customers. This transcends the entire gamut of bulbs, panels, 
down lighters and emergency lamps. While we have an entire range of products in 
that consumer markets under our brands, we have also identified some products 
which will serve as our so-called hero SKUs as we entrench ourselves in the 
market. We have negligible share in the market at this point of time, but we aim to 
go significantly faster than the market and expect to garner a reasonable market 
share as we go forward.  
With this as the backdrop, I would now like to share our perspectives on the key 
developments during the quarter ended June 30th, 2022. We had revenues from 
operations of Rs. 335.4 crore representing growth of 19% as compared to the 
same period in the previous year. Actually, if the revenues of a disengaged 
business, namely appliances are ignored, the growth stands at 21%. This healthy 
growth in top-line performance was backed by volume gains despite a market slow 
down due to inflationary conditions. However, we do need to recognize that this 
growth is on a low base of the same quarter last year on account of COVID.  
EBITDA during the quarter stood at Rs. 42.1 crore at 12.6% of net sales. There is 
an erosion of 8% on account of inflation in key input materials, part of which could 
not be passed on and the return of certain business overheads, which were not 
there last year owing to the pandemic restrictions. However, in a relief towards the 
end of the quarter, commodity prices started easing up, which should build back 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
margins. However, exchange rate erosion continues to be a worry. We were 
actively engaged in augmenting the flashlight and lighting segments and the focus 
had been strengthening vendor outreach during this period. In keeping with our 
growth aspirations, we augmented our managerial strength by way of several need 
and senior level inductions. In line with our present business mix, we have healthy 
cash generation from our traditional segments of batteries and battery-operated 
torches, whereas, as outlined earlier, our endeavor is to get growth flowing from 
our new business segments in a methodically and the process-oriented manner. 
The management retains clear focus in maintaining high level of revenue growth 
with healthy earnings profile and this will become evident as the business mix 
evolves. As shared by me today, the continuing emphasis of my management team 
is on enhancing presence in our chosen categories to achieve a healthy business 
momentum.  
With that, I have reached the conclusion of my remarks and would request the 
moderator to open the event for questions from the participants.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL, please go ahead.  
Nikhil: 
Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity and really appreciate the Company 
carrying out the concall. Clearly a great sign in terms of the improvement at the 
Company level. Continuing with what you mentioned if you can help us understand, 
I have a few questions on the business itself. Now, while we talked about in our 
annual report, we talked about improving the health of each business, but as a 
priority, where do you see more low hanging fruits for us? Similarly, in terms of the 
organization structure, how is the organization structure being created for each of 
the segments and who would be the key hiring which we would've done or who are 
the people who are already looking at each of the segments, so you can help us 
understand on these two aspects.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Basically, on the matter of priorities, I would say we are a three-category play as I 
mentioned earlier, we have equal priority for each one of these three segments. 
We have got, coming to the organization structure, we have specific focus groups 
addressing these individual segments. There is really no question of any diversion 
of priority from one to the other. Now, in terms of low-hanging fruit, I would say that 
as I also and you also understand batteries and battery-operated flashlights are 
mature businesses at least for the Company. The other two segments that I 
mentioned, rechargeable flashlights and lighting these are really sort of newer 
segments for us and both offer huge growth opportunities. In terms of there being, 
low hanging fruit and with my assumption that brand and distribution is strong for 
both these segments, I would term those as low hanging fruits for the Company. 
And again, I would reemphasize I mean, there is no dispersion of priority in any 
which way, because we have got clear cut objectives for the three different 
business teams, and they are pursuing those. In terms of organization hiring the 
key hiring, we have a man com of 9 persons, 4 out of those at the management 
committee level are new hires, talented individuals from outside the Company. We 
have got maybe another 10 odd people who would be at the CXO minus one level 
who have joined the Company in the recent past, in the last six months or so. So, 
we have structured the organization to cater to each of these three businesses in 
the most addressed manner. Towards that, naturally we had to evolve roles, so 
today 80% of CXO and CXO minus one level of people are handling new enhanced 
responsibilities.  I believe I have answered your questions.  
Nikhil: 
Yes, just one continuation on this. How would the KPIs of the new hires or the 
heads of the each of the segments be connected, so would the KPIs be more on 
the growth of each of the segments? Because we have amalgamation of business 
where two business are quite mature and where the focus should be more on 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
profitability and one business, which is on growth. So how are the KPIs surround 
associated with each of the management segments? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I would just clarify you on one point while I also did mention that batteries and 
battery-operated torches are mature categories, as I talk about it in my earlier 
speak, there are areas of growth opportunities, which we cannot forego. So, I 
would say that the KPI would primarily be of course on top line, but with a healthy 
profit profile. I mean, it is not that we would be chasing market share just for the 
heck of it with no money being made. I would say it's a balanced approach, 
however, greatest action would be kept on top line growth for the simple reason 
that this Company has not grown over last 10 odd years.  
Nikhil: 
And just last question I will come back to the queue after this. In the lighting 
business, we are seeing that there are a lot of incumbents with us equally strong 
who are actually more stronger brand recall, which they have built over the last 8-
10 years. The risk is like the way we had to bring down our appliances business, 
how do you see our positioning in lighting different from what it was in the 
appliances business and based on whatever market research and whatever the 
study you would have done, how do you see our positioning versus the 
incumbents? What gives you the confidence to build up on the lighting business?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
I would like to tell you that Eveready is among the top five recalled brands in the 
lighting segment. While our market share is small, there is tremendous amount of 
awareness of Eveready brand and very-very strong acceptance. On the brand 
front, there is no disconnect vis-a-vis the consumer. Now coming to the point that 
you raised about appliance and lighting, how they are different I would say that it is 
the degree of focus, see the appliance category the way the Company had done it, 
was purely kind of a trading operation where you would just source your products 
from someone, put Eveready brand and put it out to the market and there was very 
little value addition. Whereas the lighting business that we are pursuing today is 
backed up by a full development team. We have got, tremendous control on the 
way that products are designed. We have an exclusive manufacturer who is only 
exclusive to us with doing the work on contract, which is really kind of an extension, 
so, we have taken tremendous amount of focus and address, in going about this 
business. It is quite different from what was there for appliances. Another point I 
would like to mention is that the distribution is our strong suit, which was not the 
case in the appliances. Appliances go through completely a different channel, and 
it doesn't have to do anything with the FMCG channel. I think we are on a much 
sweeter spot as far as lighting is concerned.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital, please 
go ahead.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the call and the interaction with the investor community. I 
just wanted to understand more from the strategy perspective. Now that the new 
management has come and you spoke about the three-category focused area of 
battery, flashlight and LED light, but in general, all these three sectors, I presume, 
especially our battery segment is kind of a mature segment. Is there any other 
category that also we are looking at maybe on the EV side or something apart from 
the dry cell battery? So, any thought process on that in terms of our strategy for 
growth over the next, maybe three to five years?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Our hands are completely full with these three categories. We have loads of work 
to do and loads of headroom exists for us to grow in these three categories, even 
in the battery category. The battery category itself in this quarter grew by 16% odd 
with a volume growth of something closer to 5%. The thing is that we just need to 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
sort of pick our growth areas and grow from there. At this point of time, if you ask 
me if we have got any thoughts or vision on a new category, I would say no, but 
conceptually only in concept at this point of time, we certainly would like to one day 
go into another segment, but we would go only after we know that we have done 
full justice to these three business categories and we have the support available for 
any new category that we take on. We would not like to repeat the mistakes of the 
past, where categories were just added on, with no support and with some amount 
of time they all came to kind of a natural death.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, I understood and in terms of batteries you said it's growing at about 15% 
that's what you said? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
That is the growth that we clocked in the first quarter.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And what sort of growth you expect over the next, maybe one to two to three 
years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
On blended Company business, we would certainly aspire for double digit growth. 
In Q1 FY23 21% growth, seems little bloated, because for the same quarter in the 
previous year was a very low quarter because of COVID. But we would certainly 
like to settle for a growth level which is maybe lower than 20%, but I would say 
somewhere around there. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Maybe 15% to 20% growth? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Maybe I think mid 15% we have good target to chase for this Company where we 
had seen zero growth in 10 years.  
Deepak Poddar: 
That's the CAGR growth that we might look at?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, one is looking at. I'm not talking of sporadic growth of one quarter to the other. 
That will happen I mean, due to the situation/circumstances, I would say a long-
term sustaining compounded growth of I would say double digit growth of between 
12%-15%, wherever it falls.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough. In terms of EBITDA margin contribution, which segment gives the 
highest margin to us ? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Our traditional core category of dry cell batteries, which is the highest margin that is 
followed by battery operated flashlights and then the two categories of 
rechargeable flashlights and lighting.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors, 
please go ahead.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
I have a few questions, so my first question is in the lighting business, as you 
rightly mentioned that the focus basically is to capitalize now on the brand and do 
the distribution network, so what do you think say 2-3 years’ timeframe, what kind 
of building blocks you need to put in place to make sure that you become a, what I 
would say sizable player and also in this segment that are most players including 
the top number one, number two, number three, all these three players are 
basically reporting decline in margins and that segment, all of a sudden is not 
growing because number of players are increasing. In that kind of an environment, 
how do you think the profitability of this segment is going to be and what is going to 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
be your strategy to be different? Are you going to manufacture, are you going to do 
outsourcing, can you give some more color in this lighting segment?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes. See, first of all I'll take you the growth and comparison with the bigger players. 
We are a very marginal player today as of now. We have got enormous headroom 
as you know the market is highly fragmented. Anybody, who offers decent 
distribution, in other words, the availability to the consumer and who offers a well-
recognized brand has headroom to go. Now, some mature players may have hit 
the margin block, they may have hit their growth momentum, which is 
understandable, but their case and our case is slightly different. So, we have, we 
ourselves feel that we have a tremendous amount of headroom and that is what we 
are going to try to base our future tactics to grow. With regard to building blocks, 
see as I said sometime before in this call, we have set up the entire team, which is 
required to cater to the needs of the consumer, which starts with a very robust 
development team. So, we design our own products. It is not that, obviously there 
are some products which we outsource because lighting, as you know has to have 
a very large range. It is not feasible to produce everything yourself. Some are 
certainly, but those are all as per our design. That is the very basic thing that we 
are differentiating ourselves, I mean maybe finally the output of light is, ultimately 
that is what you are trying to get, but we think we do it in an efficient manner. We 
have about 50% of our business coming through the manufacturing process of one 
of our exclusive contract manufacturers. So, which is 100% control on that process. 
So, with this, I think, we are going about it in a very systematic and process-
oriented manner. We are quite hopeful about despite, what your remarks, which 
maybe correct about the bigger players, the kind of blockages that they are facing.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Currently, what is the revenue of the segment? I'm sure will be very marginal, but 
any number which you like to view currently? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
We ended the quarter with  Rs. 67 crore and it is not really, in order to understand 
the annual throughput, it is not good to do 67 x 4 because we are growing, like this 
quarter itself was a big growth of 84%, though again, I once again draw attention to 
the last year, same quarter as being very low. So, our growth trajectory obviously 
84% would be sustained, but we would certainly look at that 25 to 30% growth in 
the lighting segment in the current year.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
So basically, I don't remember what was your FY22 full year lighting business, but 
this year is roughly about first quarter is about 67 crore. In a three-year timeframe, 
what do you think the size of this business can become for Eveready?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
I'm doing this, but I'll put a more concrete number for this year, one would think that 
we would be certainly higher than Rs. 300 crore and in the next two years, the 
target of the Company should be to cross  Rs. 500 crore certainly.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
At that level, because, the economies of scale start probably, once you cross a Rs. 
300-400 crore. As you reach that Rs. 500 crore, then the profitability of this 
business will be equivalent to the Company profitability or still you think it will be 
kind of a markdown compared to the average Company profitability? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
As you are aware, the battery category is far ahead on the margin profile. Okay. I 
would very much doubt whether the lighting category can ever come to that, but 
yes, you are right due to the heft we will certainly improve our margin profile to 
something closer to the flashlights category, which lies in between today. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Understood, last question from my side, on the overall Company perspective, how 
do you see the brand investment, including advertisement and non-advertisement? 
How do you see that as a percentage of the revenue?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
I would say we are taking, see first of all as I mentioned there was really no 
communication in the previous 5-6 years due to, financial difficulties that Company 
had unconnected to its businesses. We have taken this year, a target of spending 
at least 5% on ATL activities. So, we will go on from there. ATL and BTL together 
could be about say 6% to 7%.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Understood. So, 6 to 7%. So, in first quarter also, you would have spent something 
on similar? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No first quarter we could not, we did not do, because first quarter we could not 
have the films ready to the Ad which we hope to do in the second quarter towards 
the end of second quarter, actually the films are currently in the process of making. 
So, it depends on, how quickly the producer can do it for us. It would be maybe 
towards the end of the quarter or latest early next quarter.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Despite probably first quarter almost negligible, and then second quarter also 
probably looks like a very low number despite that the full year it will be 7%. Are 
you saying therefore the exit rate can be as high as 10% plus which you plan to 
sustain? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, no. I would say we will maintain a total uniform rate between ATL, BTL 
together about 7% odd.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Right now, it is a more of BTL that's what you're trying to say? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes. That’s right.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Lodaya from ValueQuest, please go 
ahead.  
Chirag Lodaya: 
If you can help us understand, what is the inherent profitability for battery segment 
versus flashlight segment? In past, it has been volatile. If you can help us 
understand what is the profitability or margin range one should expect? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, the volatility that you mentioned is purely a function of commodity prices. 
These categories do have some influence on their margin profile based on how the 
commodity prices are sort of behaving. Prior to the recent commodity push that 
happened over the last eight or nine months, the margin was at, for batteries was 
at 50%. It has then thereafter taken a hit of 20% cost increase in the input 
materials, which partly or about 50% of that could be passed on to the market. The 
margin today has settled down at 45%. I think 45% is the minimum sustainable 
margin for batteries. For flashlights I would say the battery operated one, it would 
range between 35% and 37.5%. But as I said that if commodity prices ease off 
today, we will build back margins and it could come up to 50%.  
Chirag Lodaya: 
How about the other two segments?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So again, we are new entrants to these segments, the rechargeable flashlights and 
lighting. Hence the margin profile is certainly lower than the other two. So, they 
would between 30% and 32%.  

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
For battery and flashlight, can you help us EBIDTA margin range? Broad range. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
EBITDA percent of battery for last year was about, I mean, in the recent past has 
been trending at around 17-18%, but it went as high as about 25%, 8 or 9 months 
back. Currently flashlight as in battery operated ones are currently trending at 
around 14-15%. In lighting we are just about breakeven.  
Chirag Lodaya: 
Okay. This 17-18% and 14-15% is a maintainable margin going ahead. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Oh Yes. Because see, the point to be noted is that this is after all the commodity 
adverse impacts that we have to absorb, after passing out about 50% of the impact 
to the market. Now, what has happened from end of last quarter, commodity prices 
have started easing up, as you also know. So, this should actually help us make 
the margins better than what they are today. But I'm not taking a case on this 
because this is just my optimism or as the trend currently suggests, there is one 
still adverse, which is the currency rate, which is certainly ruling much higher than 
the desired level,  
Chirag Lodaya: 
This is my last question on what is the current debt and cost of borrowing and 
CAPEX plans over next two to three years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, our current net debt stands at about Rs. 325 crore. Our average cost of 
borrowing is 8%. We have no big CAPEX plans for this year. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
And gross debt would be? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Gross debt would be just about maybe Rs. 40 crore higher than that. I mean, it 
depends on the movement of cash at the month end and all that. So, really nothing 
much different from what I told you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshit Shah: 
I have couple of questions. One question on the contingent liability that we kind of 
have in our books. Can you just throw more light on what’s the case there and how 
do we foresee the outcome in that particular case, if you have any idea? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Sorry, which one are you referring to? 
Darshit Shah: 
The Rs. 171 crore. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
This is the penalty imposed by CCI which is currently is under appeal from the 
Company. So, the case is presently in the court process and in sub judice and I am 
unable to make any comment further on this. So that is the factual situation. CCI 
has imposed a fine and we have appealed against that. 
Darshit Shah: 
On the margin front, since you said after what the commodity what we have seen, 
the margins would be 17%-18% in batteries and around 14%-15% in flashlights 
battery operated. With the ease in commodity prices coming up, so what will be 
your broad blended margins the Company would probably do because the past 
two, three quarters have been quite volatile. We have done 20% and somewhere 
on the lower side and 11%-12% operating margins. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, the blended margin for the Company, provided we see the easing up as it 
does. It could be somewhere in excess of 10% because of nothing else, but the 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
lighting segment which will pull down the overall rate. So, I would say that in the 
immediately foreseeable future, we could certainly look at 10% +. However, as I 
said, as lighting picks up volume and as commodity prices is up on the battery side 
that could grow at a faster rate. 
Darshit Shah: 
So, currently in lighting we are almost at breakeven at around Rs. 300 crore kind of 
business. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
That's right.  
Darshit Shah: 
Okay. And sir, one thing, you mentioned on the currency part, so how are we kind 
of affected with currency if you can please highlight? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you know the battery raw materials, 70% of that are either imported or they are 
dollar denominated. So, currency has a huge impact on us. 
Darshit Shah: 
Got it. Sorry, sir for my little less understanding, what are the major raw materials 
that we kind of, I mean, I understand lead would be one of them. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, it’s not lead. We don't use lead. We use zinc, manganese ore, acetylene black, 
tin plate and paper, these are the main commodities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
My question, I think a lot of that you have already answered in terms of the lighting 
business. But just wanted to know, since the group and the Dabur group has now 
become the promoters of the business, I just wanted to understand since the 
Company is part of the Dabur group now, are there any synergies that you get from 
the group which Eveready could benefit from? That was the first question. The 
second question was in order to reduce our debt are there any assets that the 
Company has which could be disposed off, historical assets?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay. Thank you. So let me answer the synergy bit. So, first of all, let me clarify 
that we are not part of Dabur. We are an investment of the Burman family. So, 
Dabur is a separate operating Company. We are a separate operating Company. 
We have our own businesses to handle. So really on the synergy front I do not 
know what exactly do you mean because, and we are in unlike products in any 
case. The only synergy I can say is that we have got the new promoters who have 
come on board, and we look forward to them for guidance. So, I would the same 
type of guidance which has benefited Dabur over the years, I hope that benefit 
would also come to us. So, that is on synergy. With regard to repayment of debt, I 
think the operational cash flows of the Company are adequate to look after those. I 
mean, we will see, if at all, there is anything that needed to be done on the other 
front. 
Mithun Aswath: 
One more question, there were quite a lot of write-offs in the last couple of years of 
some of these are receivables. Is there any potential chance of recovering any of 
that in the next coming quarters or years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you are correct. I mean, that was a way we completely cleaned up our balance 
sheet by taking provisions which should have been taken as a measure of 
prudence. We have lodged cases in respect of each of those receivables, and we 
are pursuing those cases in a vigorous manner. Now when and how the court 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
process will finally end in getting us some amounts back, I'm really unable to say, 
but I can say the management is trying its best to pick up. 
Mithun Aswath: 
One last question, for the quarterly results could you just give us the breakup of 
each segment’s revenue? And within the battery segments, you mentioned that 
you are quite strong on the dry cell battery. I just wanted to understand other 
segments of the battery market, where you are not present and you're looking to 
get into how large are those opportunities and do you sense that you could make 
inroads there? If you could just touch up on that. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
First of all, let me go to the category-wise breakup. Batteries, we ended at Rs. 212 
crore, flashlights at Rs. 57 crore and lighting at Rs. 67 crore. Those were the 
turnover of the three categories. With regards to batteries, as I said, that we are 
present both in carbon zinc and alkaline. These are the technologies that occupy 
more than 99% of the market. There is a very small niche segment of rechargeable 
batteries in which we play, and I think we could be one of the market leaders, but 
the category is so small, it is really nothing much to track at this point of time. And it 
is a category that went up and then it died its death because of the hassle factor. 
People, the consumers found it too hard to keep taking batteries out of the gadget, 
putting them back after charging and many a time those batteries last so long that 
by the time your charging is required next time, the charger itself is lost. So, that 
has become a very niche segment used by professional photographers and no one 
else. So basically, that's it. I mean, we are presently not in button cells and that we 
are having a look, but I don't think that would be a segment for the Company would 
find very exciting to enter. There are also a couple of other very old technologies. 
These are not new technologies, but because the Company is taking a fresh view 
of the whole sector, we are trying to review all these other categories. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Right. And one last one, if I can squeeze in, there were quite a lot of imports from 
China, and I think the government put clamps on that. I just want to understand 
how much of the market is unorganized. And as things become more organized, 
you could obviously grow the market. I just want to understand implications of that 
for you and how you're seeing this scenario. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, with the newly emerging rechargeable flashlights market is currently by and 
large a play of an informal economy where the unorganized players rule the roost. 
So, that is comprising of both imports from China and also unorganized players out 
here who do not pay taxes. So, the thing is that the segment itself is so small that it 
would be hard for anyone to go and get successfully an anti-dumping duty done, 
because these are basically all undervalued imports. Now, one way of doing it is if 
like the government has done in the past, that it brings in mandatory standards of 
minimum quality assurance for the consumers in terms of a BIS standard, then 
that's a great thing because that same thing happened in batteries and all these 
cheap undervalued imports stopped overnight. And we are appealing to the 
government to do the same for flashlights. And as a result, it is good for the 
economy because this entire area is today prevailing in the informal part where the 
government is losing out on taxation, everything is, you know, done in cash. So, 
certainly this is some area that the government should look into. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Skill Ventures, please 
go ahead. 
Aditya: 
We had been looking to sell some of our non-core assets, but it had been put on 
hold because of proceedings initiated by KKR. What is the current status now? And 
some of these assets had been paid as collateral to some of our group companies. 
So, how are we placed if the group Company defaults? 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
First of all, your last part, none of our assets have been ever collateralized to the 
so-called earlier group. I mean, we are no longer part of that group, but there was 
no collateral given to any of those entities. So, the status of the case against KKR 
is now currently under arbitration and sub judice, but we expect that there could be 
some result in the foreseeable future. And as I mentioned in the earlier part of the 
conversation, our operational cash flows are good enough to take care of our 
repayment schedules. 
Aditya: 
And you had some Rs. 81 crore of key hold land that had also been pledged. So, 
these have been pledged for our own Company’s manufacturing facilities or for 
some other purposes. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, whatever you see as pledged or hypothecated, those are for the Company's 
own borrowings. 
Aditya: 
Are we looking to monetize this land? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I'm not readily being able to connect which land you are referring to, but at this 
point of time in view of the KKR case that is going on, there is no plan as such to 
sell anything. 
Aditya: 
And just approximately what would be the value of this non-core asset. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
See, there is nothing non-core. We utilize each and every asset for our productive 
use. 
Aditya: 
In our annual report we had mentioned that there were some non-recurring 
charges of doubtful advances inventory of closed appliance business and some 
other expenses as well. So, what would be the amount of these non-recurring 
charges, these one-time expenses? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, to the extent that I remember, I think the provision was taken for something like 
Rs. 27 odd crore, I mean, which is a combination of all these factors that you 
mentioned just now. 
Aditya: 
So, in the last year there were one-time charges of around Rs. 25-30 crore. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, that's right.  
Aditya: 
In other financial assets, we have given security deposits of Rs.  28 crore, so have 
these been given to us by promoter group companies? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I think a bulk of that is the security deposit that we have given to CCI for the appeal 
that we may, so they have, when entertaining our appeal, they have taken that 
10% as a security deposit which we have given, so that is certainly the bulk of it. 
Rest are operating deposits which is related to plants and whatever else. 
Aditya: 
My last question is what would be the status for the Preferred Consumer Products 
Company Limited, will it be merged, or will it be dissolved? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
This Company owns something like 25% of shares in that. There is now no 
connection with that. We are just a plain shareholder and there is no sort of 
business transactions with that. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Aditya: 
We are holding 25% of that Company? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My questions have been answered. So, thanks for the opportunity. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Varsha 
Ganesh from Shravas Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varsha Ganesh: 
Firstly, thanks for the opportunity and for patiently solving our queries. Sir, I have 
two questions basically. On the context of exports, how does the Company's 
presence look like in international market? That's my first question. And secondly, 
as sir mentioned about combating the unorganized by pushing the government to 
implement the BIS standard, does the Company have any specific ideology on or 
any strategy, any particular strategy it could maybe implement to combat the 
same? Like maybe a price reduction for the rechargeable flashlights and the LED 
lighting, something like that. Is there any particular strategy the Company is going 
to adopt? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, may I first take on your second question first. It is like this; we are moving 
ahead with that business irrespective of BIS. I mean, see, BIS is something that the 
government has to do. We can only appeal to them, and we can as good citizens 
abide by such standards as and when they're established. Now, while we will be 
certainly making efforts to get that so that Indian consumers in products of some 
minimum specifications,  but we are not banking on that. We are going ahead with 
the business in the current context where there is no BIS certification requirement. 
So, what we are doing is we are trying to bring products and it is finally the 
consumers call because the consumer is wanting products at a particular price 
point. Now, in order to meet that price point and also our own standard that we 
would meet certain specification is a challenge, but not an unsurmountable one. 
We have the advantage of technology. We have the advantage of our team that 
understands, knows how to deliver. So, that is the base of our current policy on this 
business. We would on one hand pursue actively in getting this country into proper 
standards process on the flashlights category, but we will carry on with this 
business irrespective of that in reaching products to the consumers at the price 
points they desire and that would again be based on the two key assets I keep 
mentioning about, availability through our distribution and the brand assurance.  
I will now take on your second question. We are very small in exports and currently 
this is not a focus area for the Company. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Priyankar Sarkar from 
Famy Ananta Capital, please go ahead. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
A couple of questions. I think Bain consultancy was appointed a couple of quarter 
back. Sir, just wanted to figure out what are some of the big suggestions that they 
have made. That's my first question. And the second question is that are the 
promoters still looking to increase their stake further? I mean, that's a broader 
question I have. These two. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Listen, Bain came on board from 1st of January. They have barely spent about 6-7 
months working with the Company. Now they really have not been engaged to kind 
of give some kind of bombastic suggestion, rather they are working shoulder to 
shoulder with all of us in identifying areas of opportunity, granularity of data, better 
decision making, etc. So really, I mean the Company has not told them or given 
them a mandate to come out with any big time you know some dhamakedar 
suggestion. We just want to make improvements in our operations, and they are 
assisting us in that pursuit. With regard to the promoters increasing their share, I 
have not had this conversation with them so I'm afraid I cannot answer this 
question and it is actually better answered by the promoters because it is entirely 
their privilege. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Sultan from Perpetual 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sultan: 
Sir I wanted to ask, as we are entering into rechargeable battery segment, so what 
different we are going to offer that we have an edge over the other players and the 
unregulated market? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, first of all, let me clarify, we are already in the rechargeable battery market, and 
as I mentioned we are the market leader in that space. The one that we are 
entering, or we have already entered, I mean, we will enter more meaningfully is 
the rechargeable flashlights again, based on the products which are currently 
prevailing are low priced products and did not really meet the standards of 
minimum specifications that one would follow. So, our offering would be based on 
the assurance that our brand provides. Yet we would try to address the price points 
as per the requirements and affordability by the consumer. That is where we stand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam from GCJ Financial, 
please go ahead. 
Gautam: 
Thanks for holding the concall and giving us opportunity to ask the questions. First 
is, is there any one-off in this quarter in terms of any one-off cost? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, there aren't any one-off cost. 
Gautam: 
Okay. And just for suggestion that you should give us the segment breakup of each 
of the product every quarter which will help us to understand which sector is going 
at what price, at what rate. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay. We take your suggestion. We'll think about it. 
Gautam: 
And can I get the EBITDA margin in each of these segments during the quarter? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
During this quarter, as I mentioned a little while back battery was at around 17% +, 
flashlights at 14% and lighting at a breakeven level. 
Gautam: 
Okay. And if I heard it correct, that you mentioned that your revenue will grow by 
around 15% to 20% for the next three- four years, right? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I would say more like 15%. 
Gautam: 
And you used to have margin of about 20% we had in one quarter of 2022 and two 
quarter during 2021. So, how soon can we achieve that kind of margin that was 
mainly due to battery and flashlight? 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, that is true. And as I mentioned, that was prior to this huge run that 
commodities took. So, you know if commodity prices ease off to the level that were 
prevailing at that point of time, we would come back to those kinds of margins. 
Gautam: 
But we have a strong brand. So obviously we should be able to? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
We already command a premium over all the competing products. Beyond a 
particular point which is about 20% odd, beyond that the market starts resisting and 
as a result we stopped, we did not pass any further after passing the first 50%. So, 
at this stage the market is not ready to accept any further price increase. It is not 
just us; many other categories are facing the same problem. So, I think let us not 
become impatient. Commodity prices have already started easing up from the end 
of last quarter and let us hope that things will get better. 
Gautam: 
But you believe that  20% + in battery and 25% + Flashlight margin is achievable, 
right? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, as I mentioned to you, if we go back to commodity prices as they were 
prevailing about say 9 or 10 months back, there is no reason it is mathematics. I 
mean, we don't have to do anything special really. 
Gautam: 
Okay. And have we replaced our borrowing, high cost of borrowing? What is 
average cost of borrowing? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have done to the extent possible. Our current borrowing rate is 8% which I 
think is a reasonable one, considering our size and scale and past whatever. 
Gautam: 
Okay. And you said there is no CAPEX during the year, right? We don’t have any 
CAPEX. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
There is some small marginal CAPEX, but not any big-ticket CAPEX. 
Gautam: 
And in FY24 or 25? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
That would depend on, how we scale up these categories. So, that would be 
something obviously the CAPEX decision would have to be supported by the 
payback, the ROI and things like that. I mean, I cannot today rule out that there will 
be no CAPEX in the next three years, but certainly this year there are no big-ticket 
CAPEX. 
Gautam: 
Okay, great. Sir what is the tax rates? I mean, do we have some carry forward 
losses which continue for some years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay. We have some benefits from our plant in Assam. Our current rate is MAT. 
So, it is 16% odd. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar sir and thank you for listening to your investors requests and giving us 
an opportunity to place forward before the management for our better 
understanding. Thank you. And we look for continuity of the same. Firstly, if you 
could give us some color on the seasonality factor. In our business how does this 
season start, seasonality factor plays and how do volumes play during those times, 
if you could give some color on that? 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Saket, it is like this, July, August, are typically high offtake months primarily due to 
monsoon. This year has been a little disturbed because some parts of the country 
saw delayed onset of monsoon, but overall, I would say second quarter is higher 
volumes for battery flashlight and then closer to Diwali is higher volume for lighting 
products. That is how it is. But I wouldn't put too much into the seasonality because 
we have to do our business consistently right through the year. But what we have 
seen in the past also the fourth quarter is always a lower quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And looking at the employee cost as a percentage of sales how should this line 
item should be? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So currently we are 12% and this is what is one of our address areas this year in 
which somebody mentioned about Bain, this is one area Bain is working with us 
and our target maybe we are not yet ready to actually give you an exact time 
target, but our target in a foreseeable future would be to come down to 10%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And sir, when we look at the product profile for the batteries which were 
used in the medical apparatus, at those times I think so during the COVID times we 
had a higher margin because of the change in the product mix. So, I think so 
currently the sales to those are not in that percentage. So, to which segments will 
be the batteries we will be catering. Because we have a line of different lines of 
batteries, different products, the categories are very different, and the margins are 
also very different. So, how are things shaping up for the battery segment 
especially the ones which are for the higher priced equipment wherein the battery 
prices are also higher than the normal batteries? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, it is like this, see the high margins that you saw was a period, it just coincided 
with COVID at which point of time, and maybe due to COVID commodity prices 
were very low, you know oil prices had gone down, all commodity prices. So, it has 
really nothing to do with the health devices. It is just that commodity prices in those 
days were extremely favorable to manufacturers, and they have gone up and then 
again looking to be going down. So, there is really, the Company usually has 
similar margin profile on all its batteries. Of course, there are premium batteries 
which fetch more margin. There are popular batteries which fetch lower margin, but 
that is how it is, the business is like that it has nothing to do with really health 
devices in particular. Health devices give some temporary volume jump. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And sir, you mentioned Rs. 325 crore as the net debt number. So, what are 
our current year maturity, sir? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I do not have that exact data on me, but I think it could be somewhere around 
Rs.50 crore which have been planned and we'll see to that. There are no issues 
with regard to the repayment. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, earlier also when the previous management was also used to guide 
investors that in our business debt should not be a part of the Company’s 
operation. And therefore, now what kind of timelines are you looking to the entire 
debt completely? And what are our current working capital requirements? And also 
on the utilization levels, how are our utilization levels currently shaping up? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
As you very rightly said, these companies, and FMCG companies primarily, and it 
doesn't require any debt. So, the requirement for working capital could be for a 60-
day period net of payables, maybe it is net of payables it would be about 30-35 
days. So, it really doesn't, it is a net cash earner. So, the date that you see whether 
in the form of working capital or in term loan, this is all legacy and due to reasons 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
other than businesses. So, in due course of time the Company's profitability will 
allow us to repay those and then we don't have to hopefully take any further debt. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last question that is from the line of Nikhil 
from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, in the beginning of the call you mentioned that 
there was a bit of Company has not grown over the last 10 years and battery being 
our largest business, would we have seen a lot of market share in the core 
business over the last 10 years, so what was our market share 10 years back and 
what is it today. And do you think that the market share recoup can be a source of 
growth even in the battery other than the market growth itself? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, let me put it this way. We have been holding on to this market share of 50%, a 
little more than 50% for quite some time consistently, right? Now, what has not 
allowed the Company to grow is during this journey there have been always some 
peripheral business on which the Company did not focus and eventually dropped 
another peripheral business; battery maintained a very steady trot with very-very 
modest growth, 1-2% growth. And in the process, what has happened, we have got 
ourselves now these areas of opportunity which we did not see before. So, battery 
today offers some avenue for growth. I wouldn't say very huge growth, but it does 
offer some avenues for growth and so does the other categories which we are now 
focusing on. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And just one follow up here. If we look at over the last five, six years, and 
this could be intuitive, there is no market research here. If I look at the amounts of 
investment which Duracell has done in terms of branding and advertisements, have 
we lost any pricing premium to Duracell, or have they gained market share in the 
overall market? So, the market has grown it say 5-6%, and we've grown it by 1%-
2%. Is that the case what we are seeing? And is Duracell the largest competitor? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, what has happened is you are very correct in assessing that Duracell has 
consistently done communication over the last why five years, I would say over the 
last 10 years, but the market was not amenable to a higher price point product 
which typically Duracell sells. Till two years back, they decided to get into the 
market with lower price products, right? Actually, when they started selling that 
lower price product, people who came under pressure was not Eveready, but it was 
our other competitors. Actually, they had drops in their market share, and Eveready 
sort of stayed the same by and large. Duracell gained some 5%-6% market. See, 
prior to that, they were very-very small. They were very peripheral product and very 
niche. Now they tried to get into a wider market and that just coincided with the 
COVID period when also incidentally, apart from us, the other competitors like 
Panasonic, Nippo they had really supply issues. As we can observe from the 
marketplace, I mean, I do not know what they actually did. So, it looked like in that 
period, Duracell took advantage of that, and they seeded these lower priced 
products incidentally which is a loss-making product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, I thank everyone for taking time out to join us on this earnings conference call 
today. I hope we have adequately answered all your questions. If you still have any 
more queries, please reach out to our investor relations team and we will be only 
too happy to address them. We endeavor to interact with all of you, every quarter 
through this forum. Thank you once again and look forward to connecting again in 
the next quarter. Thank you and God bless. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
 
 
