Date: gth August, 2022 
To, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 . 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 . 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & ID: 534369 I TBZ 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors I Analysts on 
Wednesday, 3rd August, 2022 at 4.30 p.m. (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference 
call held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also 
been put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com.The audio 
recording of the Conference call was submitted to the Stock Exchanges on 3rd 
August, 2022. We further confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared I discussed in the meeting I call. 
The transcript is available on the following weblink: 
Web link: 
https:/ /www. tbztheorig ina I. com/storage/TBZ -Concaii-Q 1 FY23(03. 08.22). pdf 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Niraj Oza 
Head - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
The original ince 1864 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LTD. 
CIN No : L27205MH2007PLC172598 
Regd. Office· 241/243. Zaveri Bazar. Mumbai- 400 002. Tel.: +91.22.3956 5001, Fax: +91.22.3956 5056. 
11th Floor, West Wing, Tulsiani Chambers. Free Press Journal Road, Nariman Point. Mumbai- 400 021. Tel.: 022 30735000 Fax: 022 30735088 
www.tbztheoriginal.com 

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call Q1 FY23 
August 03, 2022 
 
CONFERENCE CALL DETAILS:  
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LIMITED Q1 FY23 Results Earnings 
Call held on Wednesday, 3rd August 2022.  
The management of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited was represented by Ms Binaisha Zaveri – 
Director & Mr Mukesh Sharma - Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
Conference Call Transcript 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. I am Rochelle, the moderator for this 
conference. Welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organised by Dickenson World IR. 
At this moment, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will 
conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a 
question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your telephone keypad. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand 
over the floor to Ms Sandhya Sutodia. Thank you. And over to you, 
ma'am. 
Sandhya Sutodia: 
Thank you, Rochelle. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the 
Earnings Call of TBZ Ltd for the 1st Quarter of FY23. Today, on this call, 
the management of TBZ Ltd will be represented by Ms Binaisha Zaveri, 
the Whole-Time Director, and Mr Mukesh Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer. 

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that remarks made 
today might include some forward-looking statements, and actual 
results may differ materially from those contemplated by forward-
looking statements. Any statement made today on this call is based on 
our assumption as of the date. We are under no obligation to update 
the statement as a result of any information or future events. I would 
now invite Ms Binaisha Zaveri to make her opening remarks. Thank you. 
And over to your ma’am. 
Binaisha Zaveri:  
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you to the 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri limited earnings call for the first quarter of 
FY2023. I would like to thank everyone for taking the time to join us 
today. After two years of COVID-induced lockdowns, we had an 
excellent start to FY2023 with robust sales in Q1 FY23 on the back of 
the rising demand during the festival, such as Gudi Padwa and Akshaya 
Tritiya in April and May, respectively.  
This financial year began with opportunities to expand and grow with 
all our thoughts, fully operational. To put it in context, Q1 of FY23 was 
the first non-destructive first quarter in the last three fiscal years. This 
quarter also saw a continuation of consistent footfall growth with new 
customer walk-ins increasing YOY. Several strategic marketing 
activation programmes helped in the performance.  
To begin with, around 12% of dormant customers returned through a 
win-back campaign, indicating a resilient demand to increase our 
footfall and conversion rate. We also implemented brand-centric 
marketing campaigns in both the gold and diamond categories. Our 
extensive digital advertisements also helped to increase the footfall 
through these numerous activities. TBZ has maintained a prominent 

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
position as a top jewellery retailer that offers jewellery for every 
occasion, including weddings and everyday use. Furthermore, the 
government’s mandatory hallmarking has helped us to better compete 
with players in the unorganised sector. As an established and 
renowned brand, we have been selling hallmark jewellery for a long 
time, so there's nothing new regarding TBZ hallmarking. Customer 
preferences for branded jewellery remain stable, giving us a 
distinct advantage. Other factors such as the strength of our brand and 
the breadth of our Kalpavruksha scheme, and our adaptability to 
market dynamics have put us in a strong position to absorb driving 
demand. Going forward, we will also concentrate on increasing 
customer engagement generating healthy profits and acquiring new 
customers. We believe in our strong position to capitalise on the 
increase in customer spending in the coming months. We are laying the 
groundwork for our strategy of emphasising modern design, consumer-
friendly tech interventions and a well-trained and highly motivated 
sales team. We are then placed to take advantage of the upcoming 
festive and wedding seasons. I would like to give the call to Mr Mukesh 
Sharma-our CFO. Thank you very much.  
Mukesh Sharma:  
 Hi, good evening, everyone. I would like to begin with the operational 
highlights of quarter one. We have done the first quarter achievement 
of revenue of ₹579 crore vis-a-vis the same quarter last year revenue 
of ₹193.7 crore which is whopping  200% rise in the sales numbers. We 
have achieved a gross margin of ₹60.5 crore vis-a-vis the same quarter 
last year of ₹23.2 crore, the previous year's very healthy growth of 
261% over the same period. The EBITDA margin earned in the Q1 FY23 
is ₹18.7 crore vis-a-vis ₹80 lacs loss in the same quarter last year. The 
EBITDA margin stands at 3.2% in the Q1 FY23 vis-a-vis 0.4% negative 
EBITDA margin, the same period last year. The PAT during the Q1 

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
FY23 is ₹2.9 crore vis-a-vis ₹9.1 crore loss during the same quarter the 
previous year. The PAT margin stands at 0.5% in the Q1 FY23 vis-a-vis 
negative 4.7% same period the previous year. Now we can open this 
session for the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. Our first question is from the line of Rahul 
from R Consultancy. Please go ahead.  
Rahul:   
So I want to know what your ideal advertisement expense would be as 
a percentage of sales at a normalised level or let me ask it differently, 
like what is your advertising spend target for the next two years?  
Mukesh Sharma:   
Marketing cost, if you see it in the TBZ, is in the range of between 2% to 
3%, but it continuously varies quarter-to-quarter, season to 
season. Specifically for the next two years, it is tough to predict today 
because the marketing situation combines the competition in the 
market. These diverse festivals fall into different periods in India; Diwali 
may fall in some other period  this year; next year, it will be in some 
other month and the festive moves around within the respective 
month. So, quarter-on-quarter, the marketing spend will also see the 
skew  in terms of the percentage of the sales. We would like to maintain 
the same percentage of this spent linked to our revenue every year. So 
when revenue increases, the absolute number may keep increasing; 
however, the percentage will be maintained at the same level. 
Rahul:   
We understand that diamond jewellery has a high margin. So what 
could be the triggers for growth in that part of jewellery? And how can 
we see an increased share in the overall revenue pie?  

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Mukesh Sharma: 
 Yes, so it is a market-driven force that decides the percentage. As an 
organisation, we would not like to leave any opportunity untapped 
regarding gold or diamond jewellery sales. You are correct in saying 
that diamond jewellery has a higher margin percentage. Still, the 
number of customers purchasing diamonds and gold jewellery is 
entirely different. However, we are very conscious of it. So, when you 
see the data regarding the percentage of diamond in sales, it is going 
into the same ratio. Gold jewellery sales are increasing similarly, and 
our diamond jewellery sales are also improving. Still, you are correct 
that the margin percentage is much better in the diamond jewellery 
segment, and we know about it. We will be working to improve the 
sales in that category.  
Rahul:   
Okay, and my last question is the last time we were on a call, the same 
investor call management mentioned the inventory terms. Can we 
know what the current inventory for diamonds and gold is?  
Mukesh Sharma: 
 Turns for an inventory will constantly vary for different quarters and 
months. For every festive, you have to stock up the inventory; the 
inventory numbers are different after the festival. When you see the 
balance sheet, the inventory numbers are on a particular balance sheet 
date. But internally, we keep working on the inventory turns within the 
organisation. During the different months and periods, it is a 
continuous activity. To come specifically to your numbers, the 
inventory turns are around 2 in gold jewellery and about 1.3 in diamond 
jewellery. This is a current number now; however, it is a continuous 
exercise in terms of improvement.  You must have seen in our balance 
sheet that the inventory turns improvement are there. We are 
constantly working towards improving the number of inventory turns.  

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Sonali Rao from 
SR Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Sonali Rao: 
I have three questions. I will shoot one by one. So the first question is 
what should be the ideal step to be taken by the management to 
improve the gross margins relatively. As an internal assessment, what 
is the ideal gross profit margin TBZ should have as a professional 
earning group?  
Mukesh Sharma:  
 Okay, there is no ideal scenario regarding the gross margin percentage. 
It again depends on  a combination of what discount you run during 
different campaigns. How much inventory can you sell at that price and 
that discounted period? Quarter-on-quarter, the gross margin number 
defers because of the festive periods. You see, during Quarter one of 
financial year FY23, we achieved our gross margin of 10.4%, whereas, 
in the same quarter, it was 12% last year. Last year was a lockdown 
period, so gross margin differed from the Q1 FY23 numbers. We ran an 
independent campaign during the Akshaya Tritiya festivals, and the 
gross margin decreased because of those discounts here.  So, it is the 
input margin we are maintaining the numbers; the output margin may 
differ from quarter –to quarter. So there cannot be an idealistic 
scenario that we will end up at a so and so gross margin. Though we 
have internal targets, we do not miss those targets in terms of 
achieving the margins. Still, it would be tough to pinpoint a particular 
gross margin idealistic in a business.  
Sonali Rao: 
There's a follow-up question to that. We have rationalised certain costs 
in the last two  previous thanks to COVID. However, we see some costs 
returning to the system again, so how should an investor know a 
margin touch tree?  

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Mukesh Sharma:  
You are talking about operating costs?  
Sonali Rao: 
Yes, operating cost.  
Mukesh Sharma:  
Yes, so look, if you compare with the financial year 2020-2021 or FY21-
22, which is a period that falls under the COVID. There were a lot of 
business disruptions which have happened. Those numbers may not be 
exactly comparable with the current financial year. So if we see the 
numbers in line with the pre-COVID period, we are catching up in terms 
of the revenue, the EBITDA margin, the cost, and the same period of 
the pre-COVID period. So it is more or less in the same line. The cost 
will always vary with the revenue; the variable cost will go directly in 
line with the revenue number.  So when you see a huge jump into the 
absolute number and when you put in perspective with the revenue 
percentage, the cost may remain in the same range bound.  
Sonali Rao: 
Okay, I have one more question on the growth front. I would like to 
understand the growth volume year-on-year and the quarter-on-
quarter in terms of the grammage of gold.  
Mukesh Sharma:  
 I think we have achieved very handsome growth. If you see the 
grammage perspective in quarter one, we have made the sales of 
roughly 600 KG in the gold vis-a-vis same period if you see the last year, 
it was around 50% of that volume. A similar situation is in diamond 
sales as well. Since FY21-22 and FY22-23 may not be precisely 
comparable numbers because of the COVID situation. If it is compared 
with the previous quarter, there has been a huge jump of 20% in the 
number achievement.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Neha 
Sharma from VK Capital. Please go ahead.  

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Neha Sharma: 
 Can you please elaborate on which quarter of the year the Company 
would have the maximum inventory and in which quarter can we see 
the liquidations or the sale of a buildup inventory?  
Mukesh Sharma:   
So the answer is very straight and simple. You can count 15 days before 
we build up the stock for any season;  the inventory reaches its peak 
during the season, and the sale happens. After the event, the inventory 
gets neutralised. So if you see the cost, the inventory and sales go hand-
in-hand in terms of going up and then sales also go up during those 
particular periods of the festive season and then come to an average 
level. So we try to maintain the ratio of the stock turns so that the 
absolute volume and value numbers should not increase the inventory 
number.  
Neha Sharma: 
Okay, and so one more question, how are we targeting the growth in 
marketing campaign as mentioned in your presentation, but also what 
I see is what is the inventory mechanism for the same? What are we 
chasing as an organisation- margins, top line, market share or ROE? It 
could be great if you could share some road map to understand in 
detail.  
Mukesh Sharma:  
 There are too many questions in your one question. I will answer one 
by one. So one part is you are talking about the inventory. As I replied, 
the inventory goes hand in hand with the sales team, we try to maintain 
the inventory turn, so if we can achieve this sale, we try to retain the 
inventory. We are maximising the gross margin. As I said, gross margin 
again depends on the sales team and how the festive goes. Offers are 
rolled out to achieve a particular number; we are conscious of 
internally fixed targets and about hitting a specific sales number. Then 
set a particular gross margin number. And we have not missed any of 

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
these numbers in this Q1 internally. Returning to the expenses remains 
in the same line as the targets. Whatever we have fixed and we are very 
hopeful of achieving at least 20% sales growth in terms of the number 
we have reached quarter-on-quarter. I am talking about the compatible 
numbers of the pre-COVID level. So that is what we are seeing 
currently.  
Neha Sharma: 
Okay, and so one last question regarding the opening of stores we have 
seen addition and deletion in previous five years. So now, what is the 
road map? What are your targets?  
Mukesh Sharma:  
We look forward to growing the business in the newer markets. We are 
exploring opening new stores in the next three quarters. So, that work 
is going on currently.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.  Our next question is from the line of 
Sagar Shah from Shah Investments; please go ahead.  
Sagar Shah:  
Yes, good evening. Sir, I would like to understand what component of 
revenues comes from the Bullion sales, if any, and whether it would be 
a recurring one.  
Mukesh Sharma:   
Bullion sales are a very negligible part of our business. In terms of 
percentage, if I put it will hardly be 2-3%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Barkha, 
please go ahead.  
Barkha:  
I see the personal expenses in FY21 were ₹54 crore, while in FY22, it 
was ₹63 crore. Now, if we analyse Q1 of FY23, it is ₹70 crore already. 
My complete understanding is that when we are not growing on the 
profit front, why are expenses are personal expenses increasing?  

                                                                          Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. 
August 03, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Mukesh Sharma:   
I think you are right in terms of the number. In the current year, FY23, 
you have just multiplied quarters’ numbers. You are right; we are at 
₹17.5 crore in the Q1 in the personal cost. But if you compare 
immediately with the years FY21 and FY22, it may not be a comparable 
number. However, if you see as a percentile to the revenue, you will 
see the movement is in the line. So personal cost is again catching up 
at a pre-COVID level because to achieve a particular revenue number, 
we have to have similar strength in terms of manpower, and that's the 
reason for bringing this number. If you see FY2019 numbers also, our 
manpower cost used to be around ₹72 crore.  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand 
the floor over to Ms Sandhya Sutodia for the closing comments.  
Sandhya Sutodia:  
Thank you for joining us today for this call. If you have any further 
queries, you can get back to us or our coordinates provided in the 
investor presentation. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Members of the management team, ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of TBZ, conclude this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
  
 
