 
 
 
 
 
 
August 8, 2022 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 509675 
Through:  BSE Listing Center 
Scrip Symbol: HIL 
Through: NSE Digital Portal 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 2, 2022 on Q1 F23 Financial Results 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on Tuesday, August 2, 2022 on Q1 F23 Financial Results. 
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in  
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website.   
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
Mahesh Thakar 
Company Secretary &  
Head Legal 
 
MAHESH 
MADHUKAR 
THAKAR
Digitally signed by MAHESH MADHUKAR 
THAKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=1bf7d6da65d8aa67fbccb2de69a7f
a2920daf63fb91e6fe11373adebcc9b848f, 
postalCode=411040, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=d5fce31eb175be5daf255b74
0175c045d6be877064b4af269199cf9242749
f2e, cn=MAHESH MADHUKAR THAKAR 
Date: 2022.08.08 19:06:22 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 29 
 
 
HIL Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to HIL Limited Q1 FY23 
earnings conference Call for investors and analysts.  
 
Today we have with us Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary, Managing Director and CEO 
of the Company; Mr. Saikat Mukhopadhyay, CFO; Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Vice 
President, Finance and Accounts.  
 
We will first have Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary making the opening comments 
and he would be followed by Mr. Mukhopadhyay who will bring out financial 
perspectives. 
 
Before we begin, I wish to state that some of the statements made on today's 
call could be forward looking in nature and details in this regard are available 
in the earnings presentation, which has been shared with you and is also 
available on the Company's website. 
                                                     
I shall now call upon Mr. Roy Choudhary to present his views. Over to you, 
Dhirup. 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to 
HIL's Q1 FY23 earnings call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today and I 
sincerely hope that all of you are doing well. Before, I will share my views on 
the business performance, it gives me great pleasure to welcome Mr. Saikat 
Mukhopadhyay, our new CFO to the “OneHIL” family. 
 

 
Page 2 of 29 
 
Coming to the business results, I am pleased to share that we started the 
financial year by delivering a healthy double-digit revenue growth. Our 
performance during the quarter reciprocates HIL's agility, nimbleness and 
boldness. During the quarter, we continued to face inflationary pressures in 
most of our business segments. These ripples were caused by the persistent 
inflation in key raw material costs, high freight rate and the ongoing geopolitical 
scenario in Europe. 
 
Let me now take you through the individual performances of each of our 
business segments. The Roofing Solution business continues to deliver strong 
results in terms of volume and pricing. This was primarily driven by our team's 
efforts using digital connect and Last-Mile reach, our robust brand image, 
superior product offering and a deeper distribution reach. Due to our 
impeccable planning, operational efficiencies, market reach using BI tools and 
execution at the ground level, we could improve market share in the first 
quarter. 
 
As I have alluded in my previous calls, our teams have been relentlessly working 
to plan for alternative raw materials and recipes in response to the ongoing 
inflation. The continuous cost optimization initiatives undertaken by our teams, 
together with the effective use of IoT 4.0, TPM and six sigma implementation 
in most of our plants helped in reducing the impact of ongoing volatility and 
limited the impact on profitability margins.  
 
Our green Charminar Fortune product continues to garner interest in the 
market delivering superior volumes during the quarter. Overall, we remain 
confident of maintaining our position as the market leaders in Roofing segment 
and as supply bottlenecks for some of the key raw materials and inflation eases, 
we will come back to our profitability while maintaining our growth trajectory 
in this business. 
 
Coming to Building Solutions business, our meticulous planning and strategic 
execution over the last year or so has helped us deliver the highest ever 
revenue and profitability during the quarter. We have now been able to 

 
Page 3 of 29 
 
penetrate the Tier 4, Tier 3 cities and cherry pick our orders proactively. We are 
widening our reach in the Eastern region, by acquiring the blocks facility near 
Cuttack, developing new facilities for Panels and Boards in Odisha and further 
enhancing capabilities and capacities of our existing plants by using digital 
efficiencies and automation. Our plants are 100% utilized and the new 
acquisition of Fastbuild in Odisha will immediately help us to profitably ramp 
up this business in Eastern geographies where we see a huge demand potential. 
The teams have streamlined their efforts on tightening the terms of trade in the 
channel. And as a result, we are expected to deliver profitability on a sustained 
basis in this business going forward. 
 
Moving onto Polymer segment. The segment has been consistently delivering 
high growth rates, driven by the manifold increase of our reach and SKUs on 
offer. Our aspirations for the piping business remains very high and we continue 
to witness healthy utilizations across all our plants. However, a sharp fall in PVC 
resin price by almost 20% or more from the mid-quarter onwards impacted 
near term sales due to channel destocking and inventory losses, which has 
resulted into negative margins in pipes and fitting business in the last quarter. 
We are also witnessing a similar trend in current quarter, which will further put 
high pressure on our margins in this segment in Q2 FY23. However, we are 
confident that this business will jump back profitably from Q3 FY23 and we will 
continue to focus on expanding our business and product portfolio in the 
segment. Our aim to get this business up to a Rs. 1,000 crore remains intact. 
 
Coming to Flooring Solutions business. Europe continues to face high 
headwinds onto the geopolitical situation where all Flooring company including 
PARADOR with a steep scarcity of raw material and doubling of raw material 
costs over the last few quarters. Our teams have taken determent efforts 
towards augmenting long-term supply contracts with key dependable raw 
material suppliers and innovating alternative products during the months, 
which have all supported towards, partially offsetting the impact of huge cost 
adversely and restricted demand.  
 

 
Page 4 of 29 
 
The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has created an inflationary 
pressure in all European countries, which have thrown open a new challenge 
for us in way of negative consumer sentiments. The EU market continues to 
face gas and energy crisis and market sentiment continues to be weak, driven 
by fears of recession on the back of high inflation.  
 
Our attempts of scaling up the business outside of the Germany-Austria, home 
market continues. I am pleased to share that we have been successful in doing 
so and have crafted a strong brand image in the European market. Spain and 
UK have continued to show better growth. Looking at the future growth profile 
in UK, we have incorporated a new legal entity in UK, while planning for further 
global expansions are still on the table. 
 
Our joint venture in China has also recorded a modest revenue growth and we 
remain hopeful that things will ease post the pandemic situation in China 
figures out. Quarter 2 will remain challenging as is normal during summers in 
Europe, but we are confident to come back to our profitable growth as the 
current transition conditions eases. 
 
HIL continues to remain a people's organization and once again, for the fourth 
consecutive year, Great Place To Work that have-certified us and we have been 
rated the best company in Cement and Building materials in India. Our business 
achievements are backed by the sterling contribution of our teams. Our growth, 
profitability and cash remains intact as we navigate through these tough times. 
Your committed teams to deliver your Company towards a $1 billion one-stop 
is building solutions provider by 2026. 
 
On that note, I would like to invite our CFO, Saikat to give a more granular view 
on the financial performance during the quarter, and would happily come back 
to answer your questions, thereafter. Over to you, Saikat. 
  
Saikat Mukhopadhyay: 
Thank you, Dhirup. A very good morning to everyone and thank you for joining 
us on this call today. I would like to take you also through the financials and 
operating highlights of the business during Q1 FY23.  

 
Page 5 of 29 
 
 
The ongoing geopolitical tensions and the consequent headwinds affected the 
financial performance during the quarter. It is noteworthy that all our teams 
drove hard to offset this effect and these initiatives helped in delivering better 
than expected growth and margins. 
 
We recorded consolidated revenue of Rs. 1,085 crore during the quarter, 
growing by approximately 10% as compared to Rs. 984 crore in Q1 FY22. EBITDA 
for the quarter de grew by 21% on a year-on-year basis, coming to Rs. 137 crore 
with margins at 12%. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 87 crore.  
 
In Q1, the Roofing Solution business grew by 10% year-on-year, coming to Rs. 
453 crore as compared to Rs. 412 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. 
We continue to have a higher market share in the Roofing business and this 
revenue growth is a testimony of that. 
 
The Building Solutions business grew by 49% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-
quarter during Q1 FY23 coming at Rs. 124 crore. We have been able to recover 
the impact of high inflation in raw material prices in the segment by strategic 
pricing and cost rationalization mechanisms.  
 
Polymer Solutions business grew by 31% year-on-year to Rs. 141 crore in Q1 
FY23. It is our endeavor to cross the Rs. 1,500 crore revenue mark in the next 3 
to 4 years, which will be driven by the introduction of new SKUs, increasing 
volumes and prudent pricing and obviously inorganic strategic initiatives. 
 
The Flooring Solutions that is PARADOR business de grew by 4% year-on-year 
and stood at Rs. 365 crore during the quarter under review. We continue to 
adapt to the current conditions and our focus on growing into Europe as well 
as globally.  
 
It is our constant effort to keep the cash focused approach in the business, 
which has supported once again to maintain a healthy balance sheet for us. We 
have successfully reduced the debt by Rs. 35 crore during the quarter and once 

 
Page 6 of 29 
 
again, we will be happy to note, we have become interest free debt free as far 
as India business is concerned. The debt at consolidated level stands at Rs. 253 
crore on the total debt equity ratio is at 0.20. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator 
to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Baidik Sarkar: 
Mr. Choudhary, good morning and congratulations on a strong quarter given 
the constraints of inflation around us. A couple of questions and in interest of 
time, I will lay them altogether. First up on Roofing, Mr. Choudhary, there was 
an indication that Roofing volumes might have been tad tepid towards the end 
of May and June. Just wanted your comments on how we performed on the 
volume front and given one month into Q2, how does the current quarter look 
like growth wise and margin wise? There were issues around high container 
transportation costs in Q4 and having in Q1 as well, so, any insights there would 
help. 
 
Secondly, in PARADOR it was expected that our sourcing of HDF would probably 
come back by Q2. Any outlook on how the supply chain that is looking and is 
inflation in power costs in Germany should be seen as a headwind? Then when 
it comes to profitability, I am sorry, I missed it, did you mean we will return to 
profitability in PARADOR in Q2 or was it Q3?  
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Mr. Sarkar, many thanks. Your good words makes a lot of meaning to me and 
my team. Yes, situations are very difficult, but your team is fully on the job, and 
I can assure you that. Coming to Roofing and your questions on quantity, I think 
that was your first question. I think we did extremely well in Q1 on Roofing. In 
quantities, we have gained market share close to about 1% over last year Q1. 
And this consistent quantity drive down to the level has really worked well, our 
materials were dot at the place through BI mechanisms to people organizing 

 
Page 7 of 29 
 
and therefore stocking before even the season started and thereafter working 
throughout the season was impeccable. 
 
Yes, you are right. May and June or rather, I would say towards the end of May 
and June did see a reflection of slowing down in the market and sadly for some 
of our competition they started becoming panicked because they haven’t 
gained market share as they wanted in April, itself and therefore, there was a 
madness, I would say in trying to gather speed. And for the first time in my 5.5 
years with this Company has seen prices getting lower in June and NSR getting 
lower during end of June, which is absolutely not required. And I think I would 
not be able to comment how they would maintain themselves, to rightly pricing 
cost issues but that's their decision. 
 
I think we posted very healthy volumes of in excess of 375,000 metric tons in 
Q1 FY23, which I would say it was phenomenal. Q2 FY23 has started and it has 
started again with the same rules of material costs, the fiber cost that we get 
along with the sea freights are exorbitantly higher to last year same time. 
Cement is lowering a little bit, but it's still not anywhere comparable to last year 
and fly ash would be another critical element that we would face and already 
facing in Q2. 
 
So, my two cents here would be Q2 FY23 will be again quite a challenging 
quarter for HIL. But in way of growth, volumes, market share, we will outshine 
everyone else, and amongst what is available in the market and the present 
situation, HIL results should be far better, is my reckoning. That's about your 
Roofing and let me come to PARADOR. 
 
So, yes, PARADOR not relying exactly to your question but giving an overall and 
far better, let me first comment by saying that PARADOR made a sterling 
performance in many ways till a year before. I think we were going absolutely 
smooth in PARADOR in way of our settling on acquisition and thereafter moving 
towards more customer gain in different parts till maybe the second quarter of 
last financial year. Q1 last financial was about bumper performance by 

 
Page 8 of 29 
 
PARADOR and that's making it even more to compare with the second quarter 
of this year. 
 
However, last year we faced the material cost issue and availability issue of HDF 
/ MDF, and all the concerns, which I have already talked about in my earlier 
calls. By Q4 last year or Q1 this calendar year, I thought we have been able to 
address all of that and therefore, we made an another very good quarter results 
in calendar year Q1 this year, or Q4 last financial year. 
 
Everything seems to be coming back and we were again poised to ramp 
ourselves up but came this with geopolitical issue - Russia and Ukraine war. This 
definitely have created an inflationary pressure in all European countries, which 
have thrown open the new challenges for us in way of negative consumer 
sentiments, DIYs that dried out, consumers are not spending enough for 
renovations as it start with sales today in Europe. They have gone with 
vengeance for vacations and therefore, their spending for vacation has offset a 
lot of that savings. 
 
And, we definitely see this market sentiments to continue to be weak, at least 
for another quarter or two. Your Company is well aware of the transient 
challenges being faced in ground and are taking bold steps to mitigate these by 
way of strategic customer acquisition, cost savings, efficiency enhancement 
and selecting key products to be sold to stay up with the business. We are 
confident that as the situation eases our growth profile and the overall fabric 
of getting PARADOR to 350 to 400 million Euro in the next 3 to 4 years stays 
absolutely resounding. I hope, I have answered both your questions. 
  
Baidik Sarkar: 
You know, did you allude that Q2 might be a profitable quarter for PARADOR 
or did you mean that we should probably experience that by Q3 of this financial 
year? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So Q2 in PARADOR is always a weak quarter being summer and this year it will 
be definitely challenging. Q3, I am sure that situation will ease out, in many 

 
Page 9 of 29 
 
ways because the material costs will start coming down as the inventory builds 
up or as the demands go down. And I am very positive Q3 will be better. 
  
 Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shivan from JHP Securities. Please go ahead. 
  
 Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Sir, my question was on the Building Solutions business and specifically in the 
Boards and Panels part. So sir, could you give some understanding on the 
industry structure and what are the growth rates that the industry is seeing 
because when I look at this particular business and when I read certain industry 
reports, the sense that I get is that the industry is growing at say about early 
teens kind of growth rate. But when I look at the benefits of dry walling, the 
speed at which the building can be done, etcetera one would expect a much 
faster clip in the growth rate. So, sir, could you give some understanding on 
what's holding the growth rates back? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Shivan, you are absolutely dot right and I compliment your business knowledge 
in the market. This is a segment which is showing up and its furthermore 
favorable for HIL because over the last couple of years, a lot of efforts have 
been made in PIN code mapping, in heat maps, in BI tool that we are using to 
map really where the activities are and Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, we have actually 
migrated in many ways, from the Tier 1 big customers to a lot of these small 
customers in the deep pockets of the country. And I can tell you that we are 
very, very upbeat on this segment as well as you are. 
 
Our constraint was capacity and we have not invested enough in this particular 
business because the profitability of this business was always lower single-digit 
and somehow I was not convinced that we should park our capital here by 
investing more till 6 months back. So last 6 to 8 months, you would have seen 
we have announced a new capacity in Orissa for Boards enhancement, for 
Panels and for AAC blocks. 
 
So, Boards, we are augmenting our existing Roofing line because about 4 to 5 
months in the year they are hardly utilized and we would make that capacity 
available for Boards. Panels we are setting up a brand new facility. We were 

 
Page 10 of 29 
 
also planned to set up a brand new greenfield for Blocks. But then came in a 
huge cost pressure on steel and everything and suddenly the project cost went 
to a different leg which was absolutely uneconomical for us and had stopped 
the placement of the new greenfield for AAC blocks and rather looked at 
alternative methods to still ramp up in East. 
 
You are aware that we have, for our Blocks, four factories. One is in Jhajjar 
Haryana, one is in Golan in Gujarat, the other is in Hyderabad and the fourth 
one is in Chennai. We didn't have anything in East and therefore, there was 
definitely a need to set up a Blocks plant in East. The market in East is growing 
as well, and I think the market size is about 280,000-300,000 cubic meter and 
amongst the best-known people who are producing and brand, which is 
acceptable to consumers, Fastbuild comes as number one. And therefore, it 
was a good deal that we have been able to seal through with Fastbuild, now 
coming to our family. We would immediately after closing the deal, start 
moving our top line and bottom line from this plant. In the process also we 
would be able to take away one of our biggest competition in that zone and 
therefore we would be able to consolidate ourselves in this market. Fastbuild 
as a brand is also known very well and accepted by some of the B2B customers. 
So, that will help us immediately to ramp up after closing. 
 
I think on a capacity front, they have 150,000 cubic meter, we have looked at 
that machine technology and everything. So we are well aware of what lies 
ahead. They are using about 60% of the capacity at the moment. And I think we 
should be able to ramp that up. So, overall, we are also increasing the capacities 
of our existing plants by automation and IoT 4.0 and let me assure you that we 
have committed to all of you that this business, which was about Rs. 270 crore 
a year before and last year we were about Rs. 400 crore. We will move to Rs. 
750 to 800 crore in the next 3 to 4 years. 
 
And I am not committing we will do more acquisitions and M&As. I am also not 
committing that we will pump in a lot of capex in this business. But I am 
commenting that the business will grow and we will look at alternative methods 
to grow this business profitably. I am happy that we have been able to work 

 
Page 11 of 29 
 
hard and bring this profitably above 10% now. I think Q1 was about 14% in this 
business, and I am confident that with all sales and processes that we have 
augmented now the business is sharp enough to deliver high profitability 
consistently for this business. 
  
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. Sir. You said Rs. 750 crore to Rs. 800 crore in the next few years. So, when 
I look at the mix between AAC blocks and Boards and Panels, what would it be? 
Currently, I think it would be 60:40. Would that be the same mix when you look 
at 700 to 800 crore of top line? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Shivan, the only difference between maybe 4 years back and today is, we have 
merged this business so meticulously that most of our plants now deliver all the 
products together. So, there is a lot of commonality in cost structure and other 
thing which is helping both the businesses. So, I would not be too conscious 
about this mix though what you said it should remain that way, I would rather 
be looking at overall growth in this business profitably. 
  
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. Sir. My last question regarding this business segment is that in the 
market, is there reception from the retail homebuilder for products like the dry 
walling solutions? Are you seeing that or these get mainly used in commercial 
spaces for partitions? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, this is one business where I would stay away from a product sale and 
therefore the retail space. I would rather do a system sale which I had declared 
about 2.5 years back. We have strengthened up very, very high quality technical 
team across the country to work with influencers and try & get our whole 
solution impacted in the projects. And, that's the way we would continue to do 
this. So, we are getting a high margin by our connect with the customers that 
we want. 
  
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Sir, I missed the last part, if you could just. 
  

 
Page 12 of 29 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, we are continuing to build this business as a technology sale, as a system 
sale, and we will continue to do that. It will remain primarily a B2B for us as a 
strength. 
  
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. But sir, you would be knowing the end use of the product, right? Is it 
going more into the commercial spaces or is it going more into the residential 
spaces? Do you have that kind of data? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Shivan, this product can get into all these. So, it's all about creatively looking at 
different regions and the strength of growth coming through, and we are doing 
that through the heat map. So, we are going into both commercial and 
residential as the need arises. 
  
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay. Sir, and one last question, if I may. Sir, we are getting into many 
segments. And in terms of Management bandwidth and in the pecking order of 
growth, where would the most amount of Management bandwidth be focused 
on? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Sivan, each of the segments are babies, which we want to garnish and grow. 
Therefore, it will be very difficult for us to pinpoint where our focus will be. But 
major growth you can expect will come from the Polymer segment as well as 
from PARADOR. So, that's an interesting segment to put a lot of energy and 
investments in, and we would continue to do that while continuing to 
strengthen our Roofing and Building materials because they are evergreen, and 
they are a solid profit providers, and we will continue to do that. So, 
Management bandwidth is being widened and that shouldn't come in between 
our growth profile. 
  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
  
VP Rajesh: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers, too. My first question is regarding 
the Roofing business. I think you mentioned that there was some pricing 

 
Page 13 of 29 
 
weakness in Q1. So, did we lose market share or did we gain market share 
because of these pricing movements? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, in Roofing, I mentioned and I am happy to repeat. We have gained market 
share in Q1, and we are #1 by far big numbers to the next level. 
  
VP Rajesh: 
Okay. So then why would that player which is much smaller try to undercut on 
the pricing? Do they have added more capacity? Or is there any player in the 
industry who has entered, if you could give some color on that? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, Q1 is the most potent quarter for Roofing, everyone knows that. Prices in 
Q1 for Roofing products are the highest in the year, and therefore, everyone 
would try to make the best of it. And I can only emphasize that if you have not 
done well in your homework, you would have lost a bit of your market 
appreciation in April. We got April very solid behind us. And as the market 
demand did not show up to the extent that possibly everyone wanted it to be 
in the later part of May and June, there was a certain panic in the market, and 
that's what I alluded to. But HIL maintained its posture, and we have been able 
to gain both market share and also done very well on our NSRs. 
  
VP Rajesh: 
The second question is regarding PARADOR. I know you gave the commentary 
on the near term, but let's say, beyond this year, what kind of growth do you 
expect from PARADOR just on the organic business side by expanding in 
different geographies and in its core markets? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Sir, we are taking very, very active actions for growing this business. Our 
problem this quarter that is Q1 FY23 was because of a setback due to the 
geopolitical situation. I will repeat again, the sentiments are pretty low in 
Europe, in most of the countries in Europe, and we are seeing that every day. 
So, at the moment, therefore, the demands were muted. Summers are also the 
worst time in Europe from a demand perspective, and that is normal for every 
year. So, let's wait for Q3 to come and we are taking a good bit of actions to 
ramp up our sales in UK, as I mentioned, with the creation of a new company 
of PARADOR in UK. PARADOR China will also pick up. We are going to move very 

 
Page 14 of 29 
 
fast in Spain, France and Switzerland. So, these will be the countries that we'll 
be focusing specifically on. Three weeks, I have extensively personally traveled 
in all these countries to have a first-hand view of our brand positioning, our 
marketing and so far what we are doing is and how to posture PARADOR and 
what would be the levers for exciting PARADOR sales. I can tell you, I stay 
bullish. Our entire fabric is to grow PARADOR to more than double where it is 
today in the next 3 to 4 years, and we will completely move towards that 
direction. 
  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Vora, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Amit Vora: 
Yes. First of all, you have given a good heads-up in the previous quarter of what 
is to come. So, that has been really helpful to understand and make sure how 
things will be. I have a few questions. One is on the Roofing segment. I 
understand Q2, Q3 are softer, but just to understand, where is it on the raw 
material side? Is the competition facing some problems in terms of getting raw 
materials, going forward from Kazakhstan and Russia? That's one. 
 
Second, Pipes, what would be our utilization level and the loss that we have 
reported in the segment? Is it majorly from one of the segment? Or, we can 
assume that it is from both putty and pipes. 
 
The third question is on the new acquisition. Of course, you have shared that it 
is at 60% utilization, and it is doing around Rs. 25 crore of sales. With HIL's 
efficiency, what is it that we can achieve in this financial year post we 
completely take over, in terms of profitability and any target in terms of ROCE 
that we are looking at? And what it is currently? Yes, these are the three. Thank 
you very much. 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
We can spend the next whole day, Amit Ji on all these questions, but thank you 
very much for your kind words. Very, very interesting and important questions. 
First of all, about the clarity of as we give Amit Ji, this is your company. This is 

 
Page 15 of 29 
 
every one of yours’ company. So, it is my job to be as transparent as possible to 
the extent we understand the business, and you will always hear that from us. 
 
Coming to your specific questions on Roofing. I think the raw materials side, 
fiber, I heard from you that competitors are facing problems in fiber 
procurement. We are pretty safe on fiber procurement from where we buy. So, 
Brazil is our major supplier, and I think there is absolutely no problem in getting 
the fiber. The costs have gone up immensely and sea freights are the other bit, 
which has not softened between Brazil and India, which is continuously posing 
a headwind for us. So raw material on fiber is our biggest element of cost 
enhancements that we are seeing, and it will take some time for that to come 
under control. So, Q2 also, we will take that issue. 
 
Cement is a normal process. Every year Q1, it's a high cement price, which we 
have seen even higher than last year. And it's slightly softening, but it's nowhere 
closer to last year in Q2 as well. So raw material pressures will affect us in Q2 
as well. But Q3 onwards, we will once again be back is my appreciation on this. 
Whereas on the top line and on market share and on quantity, we go all out to 
secure ourselves far better than anyone else. That's on Roofing. 
 
For Polymer, yes, the capacity utilization is about 55% to 60%, and we are 
growing quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. And I think quite satisfactory in the 
last 12 months, the growth has been in order. We have brought in lots of SKUs 
today into this business and getting into newer markets. South and East have 
been the latest trenches that we have done. And from our top line, from our 
market presence, from our distributor that connects and building that 
distributor network, I think we are absolutely there. 
 
Yes, PVC prices have caused a lot of problems to this market, and in general, 
also to the costs because we have lost at least about Rs. 7 crore to Rs. 8 crore 
in the quarter on account of lowering of PVC price, which was not anticipated 
to this level. Yes, there's a lot of learning that we are doing. Q2 also will be 
rough owing to a lot of material, which are in sea, and the costs will be hitting 

 
Page 16 of 29 
 
us. But, we have taken some alternative routes now and Q3 onwards, we will 
be able to stabilize this.  
 
On the new acquisition on Fastbuild, it is a strategic acquisition that we have 
been able to do. We have been able to, therefore, compromise a potential big 
competitor who have been in that region had we set up our greenfield. We have 
got a fantastic brand and a good quality product through this acquisition, and 
also from day 1, we will make top line and bottom-line contributions in this 
business. So, they do about Rs. 25 crore top line. There are about Rs. 4.5-5 crore 
plus EBITDA at the present level. But, as I said, they utilize their capacity to 
about 60%. So, there's a good room for us to evolve this business up, improve 
the business up in both top line and bottom line, which we will do. Calculations 
on ROCE, it's too early to predict, but I would assume, 15-20% in the first year 
and then move forward. 
  
Amit Vora: 
Okay. Rs. 4 crore EBITDA is what I heard, is that correct? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Yes, they are at Rs. 4.5 crore to 5 crore roughly on an annualized basis in the 
present scale that they are operating. 
  
Amit Vora: 
At 60% utilization. So, there is definitely room for the HIL’s efficiency in your 
leadership, we can just definitely take that up. Just one question, if I may 
squeeze through. Is the UK subsidiary that we have set up for PARADOR, is it in 
same line the way we have done it for China JV? Or what is the rationale and 
one more thing is the rationale for that? That's it. And then I will join back in 
the queue. 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Again, a good question. So first, let me explain the rationale and then how that 
JV has been compute. So, the rationale is, UK, we see as a very, very good 
market for us. It's the market, which favors the last leg brand, and PARADOR 
can have a very, very fruitful business. We do about EUR 3 million to EUR 4 
million business in Europe historically, which has grown to almost about EUR 6 
million to EUR 7 million in the last one year, and we are hoping that this 
business will grow further in Europe. 

 
Page 17 of 29 
 
 
The reason for setting up UK subsidiary is because with Brexit, there were 
tremendous problems in way of documentation, material movement and 
clearances. And, customers there are used to over the night delivery of 
products, and there are no big manufacturer of Flooring in UK. So, everyone 
basically sells outside from Europe and America into UK. So, we wanted to have 
a lead there by setting up our own inventory warehouse. 
 
And so, this will be a 100% PARADOR company, so there won't be a JV there. 
We will set up our own sales teams. In fact, we have a small team, which we 
will improve further and utilize our base and our local company to channelize 
customer demands in the UK and the investment in UK will be far lesser than 
Euro 100,000, will not be at all a big investment. 
  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vinit Shah from Shah Group. Please go ahead. 
  
Vinit Shah: 
Hello. I want to ask regarding the outlook on the Pipe Solutions. So basically, in 
the market, such as aggressive players like Astral and Apollo, which has a great 
distribution already set in place. What is the right to win in that particular 
segment? And, can you please share about any capex plan in this segment? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. Pipes business is a very interesting business. There are big 
pies as we say there, and then there are lots of smaller players. The rationale 
of our huge momentum in pipes is because, first of all, it's a big market. The 
market is driven by three big pillars: one, a good quality product; number two, 
a great spread in the market, so retail presence; and number three, the brand. 
So, unlike any other product, this one is our brand pull business. So, we have all 
three, and over the months and years, we have developed ourselves to be on 
top of all three. So, we have the best product in the market on quality which 
compared with the likes of Ashirwad who are the #1 quality players in the 
market. Number 2 is, we are gaining strength in our retail and distributor 
network. So every month that our goals to be achieved.  
  

 
Page 18 of 29 
 
Okay. So, that's the second part of it. And third is of course, there is no Birla 
brand of pipes, and that has a good pull into market. So, all of these are helping 
us to grow this market. We are moving now in a big way into B2B earlier it was 
only B2C. Earlier, it was only North and West. Now we are moving into South 
and East of the country. So, we are well on course to make this a big story. 
  
Vinit Shah: 
Okay. And then, any plans regarding your future capex? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
At the moment, as I said, our capacity utilization is 55-60%. There is good room 
to grow there, but we don't have any facility in East. We will definitely be 
conscious of that and see what we want to do about it because otherwise, the 
freight could be killing, spending the products from either our Golan factory or 
from Faridabad factory. So that we are conscious of that. We have not taken a 
call on an immediate capex in a big term. There will be small capex that we 
utilize for new SKU molds, etcetera, but in a big way, we haven't yet taken a 
call. 
  
 Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, just first couple of questions from a data perspective. If you can give the 
volume and value growth. Value growth we know, but volume growth for the 
Roofing as well as the PARADOR business for Q1? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Nikhil, PARADOR volume will be a very, very difficult work because there are 
too many SKUs of different varieties. I can only say that we have de grown on 
sales in quarter 1 on PARADOR because we had an extremely good quarter 1 
last year. In volume terms for Roofing, we have grown by 6% over last year. And 
last year, quarter 1 was a very, very high-volume gain for Roofing, where we 
had crossed 350,000 metric tons. So going over that was a very big target, and 
we have been able to achieve that. 
  

 
Page 19 of 29 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, when we say that we gained 1% market share, so then is it fair to 
assume that the industry might have grown at 3% to 4% or 4% to 5% sort of 
levels in this particular quarter? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Industry would have grown by about 3% to 4%, you're absolutely right, and we 
have grown by 6%. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, sir. And just secondly, sir, once again harping on this pipe part, but 
I think you mentioned Rs. 6 crore, Rs. 7 crore. Should we take that as the 
inventory loss for the PVC? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Take that as inventory loss, and there will be some more losses in Q2, which is 
pre-booked because the price at which we have ordered already for 
international circuits and the materials are on sea will land in quarter 2 or is 
already landing in quarter 2. So, there will be some more losses in quarter 2, 
but we will put a pack to that and look forward to a better quarter 3 again. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
And I believe that 70% to 80% of raw material, we import in PVC resins, right? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Yes. It is, again, depending on the posture we take. Yes, we have gone a little 
bit wrong, and that's where the losses are coming through. And, we could not 
anticipate it such a steep PVC price reduction by Reliance that has put us under 
the belt. We will be much more focused on this going forward. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, in general, for pipes, we generally see for raw material inventory of 30, 
40 days? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
We have a little more than that because, a), there are quite a few new SKUs, 
which are coming through; b) the shipping itself is 45 to 60 days. So yes, it's 
slightly more than that. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, sir. And, just last question from my end. I know it's a very difficult 
time right now and you already called out that Q2 would be weak. But, from a 

 
Page 20 of 29 
 
full year perspective, is it possible that we might be able to grow on a top line 
and still be able to maintain our margins on EBITDA level for FY23? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
For Q2, number, a very clear answer, Q2, we will weaken on profitability, but 
the growth of course will continue. So, we will grow on top line and that's a 
commitment I have made already. Q2 will be weak on bottom line. I am 
conscious that Q3, we will have to come back and Q4 definitely will be far 
better. So, that's all I can say. 
  
Nikhil Gada: 
I understood, Sir, just lastly, because you mentioned about the RM inflation still 
having an impact. Is it still very difficult to take price hikes in the market right 
now to sort of pass on this RM cost? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Let's talk of segment by segment. So, for Roofing, the price rise time was Q1, 
and we did quite a bit there. But, we could not pass on the entire cost price. So, 
we did approximately half of the cost rise we could pass on and half of it is, 
therefore, written into our profitability. Quarter 2 is not a time for price rise 
because normally, there is a split in price by about 5% in quarter 2 that happens 
over quarter 1 as the demands come down with the rain. That's typical of the 
price order of the Roofing. 
 
We are trying to hold to our price of June as much as possible. So, we are trying 
to play a little different game. But again, it all depends on how the competitive 
market in this landscape phases out. If we see them really going mad on prices, 
then some time while we are leaders on prices, we will have to take a dip. So, I 
don't think price rise over quarter 1 is where even a fair expectation for Roofing. 
 
On Building materials, yes, definitely. We have low capacity because we are 
100% up there. And therefore, we will be very, very conscious to see how to 
increase the prices for Building materials. I would say, the entire cost rise of 
materials and building materials would be passed on so far as we are concern.  
 
On Polymer, it's always a pass on as the PVC prices goes down. So, those have 
to be done. But, Polymer, when the PVC price goes down, it's picks up in three 

 
Page 21 of 29 
 
ways: one, the sentiment in the market was down there because no primary 
stocking happens, they are expecting a new price to be declared, which will be 
lower than that so, the demands go down. Number two, we are hit on whatever 
inventory that are there at the moment in hand; and also point number three, 
we are hit on inventories that are on ship. So that's what happens when the 
PVC price will go up, then the market will have a positive sentiment and then 
situation will be reversed.  
  
So PARADOR, there has been 100% cost rise on key raw materials like HDF, 
etcetera, over the last one year. We are now seeing that with some out as the 
demand are coming down. We are seeing that we would be able to bring back 
some of the costs, though, they are still significantly higher. But we have to see 
really how the gas and energy prices and its implication on raw material 
suppliers pen out. We are keeping a very, very close look on that, but selling 
prices are also weakening in Europe because the demands are weakening, and 
therefore, it's a double edge sword that we are at the moment in. But, the team 
has already gathered in recognizing these risks, and there is a very, very clear 
charter on risk mitigation that we are doing and therefore, we will be far better 
than our competitors in those things. I can tell you that while we will lament a 
little bit still in the next 1 or 2 quarters. 
  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Satish Kumar, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Satish Kumar: 
Good morning, Dhirup Ji. Congratulations for this strong performance in 
another challenging quarter. And, my first question, in annual report, you 
mentioned we are entering Construction Chemicals in next financial year. So, 
what are the products we are using and that can you give us some details? 
Second question, are we manufacturing GFRP panels? If not, do we have any 
plan to enter into that market? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Thank you. Satish Ji, we had already talked about our entire blueprint of $1 
billion, let's say, Rs. 7,000 crore by 2026, where Roofing will achieve, where 
building materials which achieve where Polymers and where flooring will be. 

 
Page 22 of 29 
 
There was always a delta of Rs. 1,500 crore to Rs. 1,700 crore, which had to be 
gotten through other verticals. We have canvassed the entire market. We have 
looked at various products, which are complementary, which can be through 
the same route to market. And, Construction Chemicals came out to be the best 
amongst all that we have been able to view. 
 
Of course, Paint was another big thing, but Paint needed a huge investment. 
And, at the moment, we have decided to go for Construction Chemical. Now 
Construction Chemicals will be consisting of waterproofing solutions, primer, 
distemper, and many such products. So, this is an interesting business because 
it's a brand play and a lot of things where there is a consumer pull to brand, and 
we would be able to bring in Birla, therefore, very constructively there. 
 
Second is, it has a huge route to market, specifically and there was so many 
retail spots that we have about 26,000 active retail spots that we have around 
the country. We will expand that further. I told you last time, we will grow this 
to about 100,000 in the next year or two. Aggressive work is going on there.  
 
On your question on whether we will be investing in our own manufacturing. 
At the moment, we are testing the market through outsourcing, and it's 
working well. Our target for Construction Chemicals in the first year itself is Rs. 
25 crore organically, which we will do. If we are able to look and find a company 
which gives us the recipe for many more SKUs that are needed here. 
Construction Chemical needs about 150+ SKUs, if not more. So, R&D is working 
aggressively towards these. 
 
We have in-home now about 40 to 45 SKUs. So, the rationale of buying a 
company, M&A would come with acquiring more SKUs and we are on the look 
for that. But, at the moment, we are doing roughly about Rs. 1 crore-plus every 
month already in the last 3 to 4 months, and we are hoping that we will be able 
to grow to at least Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 500 crore business in the next 5 years' 
time. 
  
Satish Kumar: 
GFRP panels, sir. Are you manufacturing now? 

 
Page 23 of 29 
 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
I am unable to answer this question, sir. We would respect you to send us an 
email, we will get back to you. 
  
 Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
  
 Alisha Mahawla: 
Just need the clarification with respect to our Building Solutions segment. We 
were setting up some capacity in the East, and I know we have done an 
acquisition now. So, is that capacity come on board? Is it scrap? What is the 
status, if you could just share that? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Thank you. So we had three projects in East for which Rs. 82 crore of capex was 
approved by all of you. One was to enhance our Roofing manufacturing facility 
to make non-asbestos boards there. And I think that facility will come on board 
in the next 2 months' time. The second one was to have a complete brand-new 
Greenfield project for making panels. The facing sheet will go from this Roofing 
manufacturing capacity, and then we will do the sandwich, and we will finally 
make the Panel. So, that particular facility is coming up on speed. I think by the 
quarter 4, we will be able to start commercially in that. And, the third one is 
Blocks, and that facility. We decided to deter through a greenfield and have 
rather gone for a M&A there. Acquire the assets and business of Fastbuild. So, 
as soon as we are able to complete this deal, the closing should be faster than 
60 days, and thereafter, the facility will be with us for both top line and bottom 
line. 
  
Alisha Mahawla: 
So, for the current year, except the capacity that we have at Fastbuild,  there is 
no incremental capacity to grow this segment because the panels is coming 
towards the end of the year? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Well, we have already seen that this business has grown in quarter 1, and it has 
also grown last quarter that is quarter 4. The business will continue to grow, 
and the reason to grow is, we are not only dependent on Odisha capacity. We 
are also looking at increasing our own capacity for panel and for blocks and for 

 
Page 24 of 29 
 
boards in the present capacity that we have across the country. So we have, as 
I already talked about, four blocks plants that are already there. We have two 
panel-manufacturing facilities, one in Hyderabad and one in Faridabad. And we 
have two board manufacturing facility, one in Faridabad and one in Hyderabad. 
 
So all of that is going through additional capacity increase by automation and 
also IoT 4.0. So therefore, we will continue to expand the facilities, of course, 
through automation and look at inorganic that's in East, which we have already 
completed. And thereafter, there will be outsourcing that we would do. So, we 
are continuously in touch with companies from whom we can have our quality 
products made by our quality infusion and do contract manufacturing. So all of 
that is going to help. 
  
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure. And except Rs. 82 crore, there is no other capex that we are planning for 
the current year? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, there is other capex. There are maintenance capex that we have, which is 
ongoing. I think this year, we will do about Rs. 150 crore capex in India. So that's 
very much what declared earlier also, and we continue to say the same. 
  
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure. And just one last question. In the Flooring, in the PARADOR business, if 
you can just give the geographical split. How much is coming from Germany and 
then from other geographies? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So Germany and Austria contributes about 50-55% of the business. Rest comes 
from outside. There was a halt to the outside business because of COVID. So, 
we have now concentrated a lot in the European countries because it's easy for 
material shifting as well as the brand realization. So, we are looking at Spain, 
France, Switzerland and UK to be very specific, as the four major locations 
within Europe. While our hopes in China still continue because that's a big 
market. You are aware that COVID is not allowing travel into China, and there 
are a lot of restrictions. So I am hoping that gets eased out very soon. I am sure 
we will be able to get good markets out of other European countries also to the 
expand. 

 
Page 25 of 29 
 
  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Marshal, individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
   
Marshal: 
See, my question is majorly on the strategic and that how are we going to 
execute the strategy? Since we said that for PARADOR, we are going to have 
like a target of achieving Euro 400 million turnover. Currently, we are only at 
Euro 200 million only. So, this is not going to be achieved by just an inorganic 
way. I know that like this year, we have incorporated a new company in UK. So, 
my question is that how much turnover we are expecting from the UK? And 
then, to leap frog from Euro 200 million to Euro 400 million which other market 
are we trying to enter? Are we already covering the entire EU region? 
 
Number two are we also starting to enter into some CIS country or you can say 
because the Germany is very good image in CIS countries. So can you please 
give some more like not in general, but a little bit specific. In next 3 to 4 years, 
how are we, that what are the major milestone and how are you going to 
educate it to leap from Euro200 million to Euro400 million for PARADOR? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Again, a very good question, and I can give take hours to explain this, but let me 
be brief. We are very, very clear on how we wish to grow in PARADOR. So, it's 
not just a dream, it's something that we are putting into practice since last 
almost 1.5-2 years. We have got a bit of a jolt in this growth process owing to 
first COVID, where travels were hugely restricted and thereafter, came in the 
material crisis last year and now the geopolitical. But that's not broken our 
intention to grow at all. Euro 140 million was PARADOR when we bought it 
about 2 years back. We have come to  Euro 190 million at the moment, not Euro 
200 million. And we will grow to Euro 350 million, not in excess of Euro 400 
million. I said Euro 350 million to Euro 400 million, that's our goal and that we 
will achieve. 
 
So in order to achieve that, what we are going to do is expand PARADOR 
operations first by sales and then we will look at manufacturing sales into Spain 
as our most important countries, France, Switzerland and United Kingdom. 

 
Page 26 of 29 
 
These are the four around Germany that we will expand through. Other than 
this, there will be China, and we will look at United States. So, this is how the 
league will be for expansion that we have planned. And, what we are doing is, 
we are setting up joint ventures for our own subsidiaries in them one by one 
and then trying to grow. It's far easier to immediately invest a big sum like M&A 
and growth. But that's not the route we will follow because that's a lot of capex 
and lot of money that we don't want to take that kind of a route in a hurry. 
 
So, we are doing it in a very systematic, but planned manner. PARADOR, when 
it went into China after we took over, we have only invested 100,000 EUR in 
China. And the JV was created where we have a 50% stake there. China is a very 
big middle-class consumer base, and they look for the European brands. So, I 
am conscious that as COVID relaxes there, we are going to once again have a 
very good ramp-up from China. 
 
My estimate is, China will give at least Euro 30 to 40 million particularly for the 
top line. Then we will look at all these countries that we are looking at one by 
one we are trying to go into them. Our capacities in manufacturing for what we 
have in Germany and Austria will lead to roughly about Euro 250 million to Euro 
260 million. And, beyond that, we will need new capacity. Products that are 
contemporary around flooring, so that we are able to have a packaging of 
products rather than only the flooring that PARADOR maintains. So all of that is 
being looked at as we speak to grow this. 
  
Marshal: 
And are we also planning to enter the Scandinavian countries and Netherlands, 
for example, Poland or Czech Republic, which are the neighboring country of 
Germany and Austria? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
So, the Netherlands and the Scandinavian countries, we are very much there. 
We supply to 80+ countries out of PARADOR. And, definitely, the Scandinavian 
countries are very much there. We do about close to Euro 3-4 million turnover 
there. They are primarily a wood product, so the engineered wood is what they 
buy. The margins is low there for specific reasons in that market. Therefore, 

 
Page 27 of 29 
 
that's not our priority country. And when we expand, we are not going to make 
sales growth in a big way into that country. 
  
Marshal: 
And sir, like on the overall target, you mentioned that by 2026, we plan to have 
this turnover of about $1 billion. Currently, we are at $500 million. So like nicely 
explained about the PARADOR. So can you please also give your strategic view 
milestone, which you want to achieve and execute to increase our overall 
turnover from $500 million to $1 billion, say, by the next 4 years for the other 
three sectors? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Sure. So, Roofing is presently around Rs. 950 crore. We will grow roofing to 
roughly about Rs. 1,400 to 1,500 crore. That's my aspiration. How that will be 
grown as a), asbestos roofing, b), non-asbestos roofing, and c) we are also 
creatively looking at other products that can be sold through those routes to 
grow that market. 
 
Your building materials, which is at the moment at about Rs. 400 crore will grow 
to about Rs. 700 to 750 crore, mostly by outsourcing because capex influx into 
that business will be restricted more because the asset turn is 1:1, 1:1.2 in that 
business. Polymer will grow to about Rs. 1,500 to 1,600 crore from Rs. 500 crore 
what we are today. And that will be the putty and pipes together. PARADOR 
will be Euro 350 million, and then the balance would come from additional 
verticals. Construction chemicals will be one, and then we are keeping our eyes 
and ears open for what next to do. 
  
Marshal: 
And sir, are you also planning to launch some products like when is the 
Construction Chemical like something adhesive and all those things, because it 
also has a very good synergy with our existing business and which has a good 
margin also? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Yes. Construction Chemicals will be a broad basket. And, once we are able to 
figure out our route to market very well, that's exactly what we have started 
from April, and that's how the announcement was also made. We will be 
absolutely brought in that market, and everything that is favorable in that 

 
Page 28 of 29 
 
business will be done. It is a brand pull business. It is a very, very good profitable 
business. I think I am upbeat on that. 
  
Marshal: 
And sir, this is a plywood business; all the companies in the plywood sector are 
doing fantastically. You can have all the listed company numbers. And so can 
we also plan to have like a technical study to say that should we also have a 
foray in the Plywood sector? Because I can see all the listed company are doing 
fantastically, and they are doing the expansion. And all the market getting 
consumed because, as you know, like this is all these housing sectors is 
booming, plywood also, sale will also get off take. So are we considering some 
sort of new vertical? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Thank you for your input, sir. Let me just once again relook at. But we have 
looked at HDF/MDF earlier, and we had found that it needs very high 
investments. And it is B2B primarily supplying to OEMs and while I completely 
accept last one year has been bumper for these companies. But historically, 
they haven't been doing well. And last one year, if that's a trend for future. We 
will be attracted to it. I have not seen that as too long. So again, it is a matter 
of assessment. I would love to talk to you separately to be your views on this 
but let me look at plywood once again. 
  
Marshal: 
Sir, Polymer business margin loss in Q1. So, what about its perspective for the 
Q2? Do you able to get the benefit of the reduction in the price of RM? 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Sir, I have already mentioned and I am happy to repeat that for polymer, we 
are in a little bit of a messy ground, quarter 1 has been bad on profits. Quarter 
2 will also continue to be bad on profits, but we are going to return from quarter 
3 on this. 
  
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Satish Kumar from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Satish Kumar: 
Sir, so I was asking regarding PARADOR. Do we say that the worst of the margins 
is behind us? Or is still there a some pain to go? 
  

 
Page 29 of 29 
 
Dhirup Roy Choudhary: 
Give me one more quarter to answer that question, sir. We are still evaluating 
how this war is going to span out and what kind of dent it leaves behind to us. 
There's lots of concern in Europe at the moment on demand, on inflation. I 
don't think I have an answer very ready for you. We are completely ready for 
all that we have to face there as a team, but I don't think everything is behind 
us yet. 
  
Dhirup Roy Choudhary:  
Thank you very much, everyone, for this wonderful interaction. I hope I have 
been able to clarify your concerns, and I hope I have been able to transparently 
paint the picture of what we are going through at the moment. There are very 
good stands taken by your organization towards our $1 billion goal, and I can 
only assure you the fabric stays absolutely intact. There are concerns that we 
are facing on profitability, which we will find a way around and deliver positively 
to you. We value your continued interest and support. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know anything more about your company, kindly 
reach out Investor Relations desk. Thank you, all. Bye-bye. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
