MAX
INDIA 
LIMITED 
August 9, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code : 543223 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra -Kuria Complex 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400051 
Name of Scrip : MAXIND 
Sub: Regulation 30: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on August 5, 2022 post declaration of un-
audited Financial Results of the Company for the Financial Year ended June 30, 2022 is enclosed. 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at https://www.maxindia.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/Max°/020India%20Earninqs%20Call%20Transcript Q1FY23 Final.pdf 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Yours faithfully 
For Max India Limited 
(formerly Advaita Allied Health Services Limited) 
)1/4,
Panncaj Chawla 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
MAX INDIA LIMITED (Formerly "Advaita Allied Health S rvice Limited" ) 
CIN: L74999MH2019PLC320039 
Corporate Office: L20M(21), Max Towers, Plot No. C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida- 201301 1 P: + 91 120 4696000 I 
Regd. Office: 167, Floor 1, Plot No. - 167, Ready Money Terrace, Dr. Annie Besant Road, W rli, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400018, India 

MAX
I INDIA 
LIMITED 
"Max India Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call" 
August 5, 2022 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain w ds which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conf rence call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader 
MAX 
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Hi 
0 
.1 
C A 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIT MEHTA — MANAGING DIRECTOR, MAX 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGRAWAL — CFO, ANTARA SENIOR CARE 
MR. OJASVI GHOSAL - CFO, ANTARA ASSISTED CARE 
SERVICES, MAX INDIA LIMITED 
Page 1 of 16 

6MAX 
INDIA 
LIMITED 
011116. 
Moderator: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the M 
Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking state 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the C 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance a 
are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajit Mehta — M 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good evening everybody. On behalf of Max 
to everyone on this Q1 FY23 Earnings Call. Some of yo 
time. I have with me my two colleagues, Ajay Agrawal 
Living as well as the Head of Investor Relations for the 
is the CFO of our Antara Assisted Care Services and SGJ 
Advisors. 
Before I go into the results of Ql, a quick update on the 
on top of mind for many of you. After a long wait, we did rt 
the capital reduction scheme on 30th June 2022. The rec 
27th July. The offers have gone to all the shareholders. 
closes on 23rd August as per the statutory requirement 
transaction will be closed within September 22. 
So, with this, one more commitment that we had made to 
now coming through. I must reiterate this is not a comuu 
just an opportunity for those who may not wish to partici 
call that they have to make. I would very much wish the 
through a very exciting phase, of our growth journey 
shareholders need to make. We are ready with our funds 
those shares. 
We have enough liquidity not only to support the bu 
aspirations. We have a treasury corpus of over 300 crores, 
for Antara Assisted Care Services and 75 crores for Antara
capital to accelerate growth. 
Now shifting on to operations, a quick overview of what 
I keep on saying in every call, Max has had history of hav 
spotted insurance way back in 2000, healthcare in 2004, 
them, are large well-recognized brands in their own right, 
Page 2 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
India Limited (21 FY23 Earnings 
tents about the Company which are 
mpany as on date of this call. These 
d involve risks and uncertainties that 
aging Director, Max India Limited. 
ndia Limited, a very warm welcome 
may be joining the call for the first 
ho is the CFO of our Antara Senior 
mpany; and Mr. Ojasvi Ghosal who 
team who are our Investor Relations 
apital reduction scheme. I'm sure it's 
ceive the NCLT approval sanctioning 
rd date we've already published. It's 
he exit offer period opens today and 
f 10 working days. We expect the 
our shareholders, many years back is 
sory exit for public shareholders. It's 
ate in the next phase of growth. It's a 
all of you remain with us as we go 
on senior living, but it's a call that 
as committed to be able to buy back 
yback but also support our growth 
out of which 178 crores is earmarked 
Senior Living and the balance surplus 
append in the quarter. As you know, 
ng the ability to spot early trends. We 
and health insurance in 2008. All of 
in the country. 

MAX
i INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
Similarly, the Senior Care trend was spotted very early in 2010. It continues to be a very large 
market in India, though fragmented in the nascent stage lout $IO billion to $15 billion across 
various pools, residences for seniors, assisted living, care at home, around medical equipment 
and given a very unique, lineage and a legacy of healthcar , infrastructure, hospitality, we have 
the ability to bring together all these competencies to creat a true integrated care ecosystem for 
seniors and we do believe that our pedigree of the Max 
oup coupled with brand Antara will 
help us, you know, make good strides and good progress i this huge market opportunity. 
Our focus continues to be the 4 million customers in the 
income segment of Rs 1.5 million per annum. Currently 
aggressively now pursuing to enter, the southern cluster fi 
There are four strategic verticals we had identified, yo 
Residences for Seniors. These are intended for seniors 
want to live in a community of like-minded people, 
healthcare services. You can choose a resort-like stay in 
Gurgaon and many other such locations where we 
communities. 
Then under Antara Assisted Care Services, there are tkv 
popularly called Assisted Living, outside India. These 
giving an option of, single, double suite depending on you 
kinds of people. One, elderly people who can't be maintain 
chores of, of let's say, mobility, or feeding, monitoring, bat 
a very intense medical episode like a cardiac bypass surg 
they need some months of rehabilitation. There arc also, 
country or outside the city and need, pre- and post-surgic 
for those people. A variant of this is Memory Care Home 
the first one of its kind offering in Gurgaon in NC 
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Dementia, and these are specif 
infrastructure. There are different kind of, caregivers who 
vertical of what we call as Care Homes. 
ree clusters of north, west and south 
we are already in NCR and we are 
t and then the western cluster. 
know, for our growth. First one is 
ho are independent, healthy, would 
is safety, security, and promise of 
)chradun or in Noida going forward 
ill, operationalize more and more 
ce verticals. Care Homes or what is 
are rented accommodations. We are 
need. They're meant for three or four 
ed at home and need help for the daily 
ling etc. Or seniors have gone through 
ry, a stroke, knee transplant etc., and 
patients who come from outside the 
al care. These Care Homes are meant 
s, which we are soon about to launch 
. These are meant for people with 
cally, structured for them in terms of 
are more qualified. So, this is the first 
The second one is Care at Home more popularly called 
Home Care Services, which includes 
critical care at home, nursing care, patient giver, patholo , x-ray, physiotherapy. We have the 
ability to provide all these services in the comfort, of the enior's homes. 
The third vertical is patient aids or medical equipment. 
c call it Antara McdCarc. These are 
basically, you know, equipment that helps the seniors lea a better quality of life and helps them, 
aids their recovery. These arc from orthotic products like, supports for the back knee, you know, 
neck, mobility like walking sticks, walkers, wheelchairs, espiratory aids, bathroom accessories, 
all that helps the seniors, lead a comfortable life. 
Page 3 of 16 

INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
We had commenced our journey with the first, Residences 
has done quite well. In fact, we only have, 14 units left 
for Seniors project in Dehradun. That 
1 look at the first quarter and some 
units have also been sold in July and the project has also achieved a monthly sales collection of 
Rs 14 crores in Q1 FY23. Now happy to report the project is debt free and continues to be cash 
and PBT positive. It's a vibrant community with more thatl 100 residents enjoying the facilities 
and records a consistent resident satisfaction score of 900/J plus and one more vindication of the 
product is that 50% of our sales are coming through resideT reference. These arc great testimony 
both for the brand and the quality of services being offere 
The learning of Dehradun, which was our first, product als helps, helped us establish the brand. 
We leverage the learning for a second community in Noi 
which is more condominium style 
G plus 30 total about 540 odd units in two phases where t's a joint development model where 
there is a partner who has contributed the land and the pr ect is being developed in an SPV. 
Again, happy to report we launched this somewhere in Jan o March of 20 in the thick of, COVID 
wave one. We've already sold 278 of the 340 units in ph se one. Construction of this phase in 
full swing. We have completed, sixth floor, fourth floor a d third floor respectively for the first 
three towers that we are building and the possession is ex ected by early 2025 and the project is 
currently on track. 
We have collected about Rs 123 crores till June 22 with a monthly sales collection of Rs 14 
crores in Q1 FY23. Work has already been initiated for i3hase two since we're running out of 
inventory now in phase one and hopefully in the next twt months, probably last quarter of this 
year, we'll be able to, consider launching that as well. 
The company is also progressing very well for its third co 
unity now, which is going to be in 
Gurgaon, in partnership with Max Estates Limited wher, it's a joint development once again, 
where they will be our construction partners, and they're t,ontributing in terms of, a land parcel 
and our core competency of helping them design, selling aid operate is what will come into play, 
and we're also aggressively scouting for opportunities in Bangalore and Pune. So, that's the first, 
vertical of residences for seniors. 
In Antara Assisted Care Services, we have served about 10,000 patients since inception. We are 
now the largest player in NCR in terms of beds for care homes or assisted living, already have 
90 operational beds and 60 beds in pipeline. And therefor , by the end of 1-11 FY23, we will have 
about 150 beds operational and this is in a period of tw years despite the disruption that we 
have faced, due to COVID. 
We are also pleased to announce that the building blocks e in place for the launch of one of its 
kind Memory Care Home in Gurgaon in Q2 FY23. As I said earlier, the infrastructure little 
different in terms of safety and security, for people who s y there. This is meant for people who 
have Dementia, Alzheimer's or Parkinson's. We have, ounsclors and psychiatrists who are 
Page 4 of 16 

INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
caregivers. Everybody is trained for curative care and dementia care and there are specific 
therapies will be offered from speech to swallow to gait management to make sure that we're 
able to provide a life of respect and dignity, for people w 
have mental disorders. This will be 
ready for launch probably, you know, by September mid-'g2. It will be launched as well. 
We were the first ones to launch a mobile health checkupan. It is a van which is fully fitted out 
to do executive health checkup for seniors at their doorstep Seniors need not now go to hospitals 
or primary health care centers for their, checkups and given the pandemic situation, it is 
advisable they are able to do that, in the convenience of th *r home. We have an x-ray facility, a 
TMT, an ECG, a doctor consult, a blood work. All can be one without the seniors having to go 
anywhere. 
On the medical equipment side, all the building blocks are in place both for sales and rental 
capabilities. We have about 1,100 SKUs, a very rob st back end in terms of inventory 
management, warehousing and logistics and all our proce sors whether it's clinical, non-clinical 
are quite robust. They are in place. They have been, we ha e sought help from various clinicians 
to make sure they are robust and, gives me great pleasure to inform that our Care at Home 
services, we received the QAI Certification, which is a stamp of, quality and we are the youngest 
organization in India to receive that. 
Our customer satisfaction scores consistently above 9b%, yet another vindication of our 
commitment to excellence and quality. I must say that tie sector has developed a little faster 
than what I had expected. In the last two years, we have scien a lot of new entrants stepping with 
various senior care models, some with remote monitoring capabilities, some leveraging Al, some 
with concierge services, some in residences for seniors and there is also heightened interest, 
from investors. We have seen two or three investors, putti g in reasonable sums of money in the 
sector. And we arc also seeing very active government p rticipation to make sure that sector is 
developed in the right way with the right policies, tax stru tures, and certifications in place. And 
this augurs well because India, as is a fast-changing demographic and therefore, we need to put 
this in place. 
In the end, I will say that we are well on our way of becom 
which was our, our vision so that we arc able to cater to tt 
needs of seniors. 
ng a loved interested brand for seniors 
e life care, lifestyle, wellness and care 
This was about what has happened, in Q1 FY23. Now 
give you a quick, financial numbers, 
the company's consolidated EBITDA turned positive to 
1.3 crores in Q1 FY23 against a loss 
of Rs 3.4 crores same period last year. This is on the bac of improvement in profitability of the 
Doon project in the current year, and Max Skill rep rted losses in previous year. That's 
something, as has been divested. 
Page 5 of 16 

MAX
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
Our consolidated revenue post divestment of Max Skill 
crores in Q1 FY23 down by 20%, obviously, because oni 
and we have normalized for COVID revenues. The compat
balance sheet position with consolidated net worth of Rs 6: 
crores of assets, a Treasury corpus of Rs 392 crores and 
crores to support capital reduction and fuel Antara growth 
In terms of vertical performance, revenue is marginally do 
because due to a very high lease registration in Q1 FY22, 
because we couldn't register many leases due to COVID, 
positive, Rs 0.2 crores in Q1 FY23 against a loss of Rs 1. 
In terms of Antara Assisted Care, the healthy growth cone 
risen by 26% on a year-on-year basis to Rs 1.3 crores in 
back of improvement in occupancy, which has increased 
Care Home achieved a break even within 20 months of 
saying that every Care Home within 2 years should break 
Gurgaon has done that, you know, 4 months in advance at 
of Rs 0.83 crores for Q1 FY23 with 19 patients as on Jut
which then, you know, ensure sustainability of revenue. 
Gurgaon Care Home has reported positive contribution ma 
in Q1 FY22. The average occupancy has more than doubl 
52% now. We have witnessed a very high conversion. So 
the property, about 50% of them convert. Also, the renew 
are a big thumbs up we are receiving from customers on 
much higher cross sell of services like nursing, pathology, 
Our Care at Home net revenue stood at about Rs 1.2 cror 
on-year. More than 80% of the revenue comes from critic 
The Medicare revenue was Rs 0.7 crores excluding COV 
This means a 1.6x growth year-on-year. 
Just to summaries, our endeavour has been to now achie 
four verticals. So, we have enough liquidity in the balanc 
to be a multi-locational company over the next 5 to 7 
residences, and a bed capacity of around 2,000 beds in Ca 
robust Care at Home channel. We are also exploring a digit 
and a white labeling opportunity to boost margins. 
Our endeavor is to continue to deliver a resilient bi 
commitment and live up to those commitments. We want 
Page 6 of 16 
d COVID normalization is about 46 
company no longer in our portfolio 
y continues to maintain a very robust 
3 crores well capitalized with Rs 550 
other monetizable assets of Rs 160 
plans. 
9% on the Residences for Seniors 
which is a carry forward from FY21 
tt the project, as I said, is turned PBT 
crores same period last year. 
es. The Care Home net revenue has 
1 FY23. The revenue growth on the 
3% on a year-on-year basis. Gurgaon 
operations. If you recall, I have been 
even. 
15% occupancy, reported net revenue 
e 22 including 12 long stay patients, 
Ve are really elated to report that the 
rgin of 5% in Q1 FY23 up from -25% 
xl from 25% same period last year to 
all the customers who come and see 
s are very healthy, 50%. Again, these 
e product and we are also able to a 
diagnostic etc. 
s in Q1 FY23, growing by 20% year-
1 care, nursing and attendant services. 
D led revenue from previous quarter. 
e higher growth, a sharp focus on all 
sheet to fund this growth. We aspire 
years with 8 to 10 communities in 
Home, Memory Care Home, a very 
al channel for our Medcare equipment 
iness performance, make the right 
deepen a product portfolio, increase 

MAX
INDIA 
D 
Nab. 
Moderator: 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Rajit Mehta: 
the clinical differentiation, expand our footprint across va 
hopefully, the sector should also see significant tailw 
changing. Unfortunately, disease burden is changing. A la 
and educated senior citizens have growing healthcare at 
incidence of nuclear family, so a need to really put to 
ecosystem for seniors. With our core competencies and a 
Antara is quite well-placed to meet the increasing denu 
presence in all the verticals provides a very strong foundati
will be able to, record sustainable results in the future. 
So, that's all I have from my side. Ladies and gentlemen, 
call and happy to answer any questions that you might ha. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
the first question from the line of Sajal Kapoor, an inves 
So, just a couple of questions. First, regarding our Care at 
the regulatory framework and policies in India are either 
fuzzy at best, don't you think there is a risk to the mental 
who go into someone's property as part of our Care at H 
missing regulatory framework and policies in India curre 
Sajal, the regulatory framework in terms of, let's say, cent
into place. These are regular, nursing and caregivers who 
we are creating a new cadre of caregivers. These are caregi' 
environment. Same people are going across to the homes. 
case of very critical care needs. So, in one sense, the ecos 
ecosystem is in different forms being provided in the horn 
As far as security of the caregiver is concerned, you're 
sensitive thing to handle in India. However, through the 
education and constant visits by supervisors at home to 
being provided and the welfare of the caregiver, so far Inc 
I haven't personally heard of very many incidents that is 
with caregivers. One has to be watchful, all the time. TI 
say, selection of customers in terms of the need and wha 
supervisor before we provide the service. But I must say 
is only going to increase as it has happened, in other coi 
services are going home, whether it's dialysis. Some peop 
opthal, and now even chemotherapy at home. So, it's a 
over a period of time. So, one has to be watchful, right? 
be a part of because it's a large opportunity. 
Page 7 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
ious geographies and going forward, 
nds because the demographics are 
rge cohort of financially independent 
d evolving lifestyle needs, a higher 
ether a very strong integrated care 
trong pipeline of upcoming projects, 
nd of high quality senior care. Our 
n and we are quite confident that we 
thank you very much for joining the 
e. 
testion-and-answer session. We have 
. Please go ahead. 
ome segment, and given the fact that 
not well defined in this space or are 
and physical well-being of our staff 
me services because of the weak or 
ly? 
ication of services has just been put 
also work in hospital. So, it's not that 
ers who provide the care in a hospital 
The doctors are giving them cover in 
stem exists, but in hospital, the same 
s of seniors. 
right. It's a very, tricky subject and 
e of various mechanisms of customer 
check on both the quality of service 
is has been able to, navigate this. So, 
security issue or a safety issue to do 
erefore, we also do a fair bit of, let's 
they need. That also is done by the 
hat this trend of services going home 
tries outside India. More and more 
e are even talking about basic dental, 
end that will continue. It will evolve 
ut it's really a trend which one has to, 

MAX
INDIA 
LIMITED 
-NaOW-
Sajal Kapoor: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Rajit Mehta: 
I fully appreciate the scale of the opportunity unfolding be 
statement it is the demographics and the age is something 
disease and the population metrics is not going to go, d 
thanks for that detailed response. And just another questi 
our Medcare and our ambulatory services and would yoi 
better perspective or color around, you know, what gives 
and your best three-to-five-year outlook please? 
We don't offer ambulatory services. We offer, as I said, C 
Home, there is an emergency backup tie up we have in 
ambulance providers and hospitals. So, if that's your qu 
services actually. 
Pardon my ignorance, because I'm still kind of learning tht 
of hinted that, you know, that's one area that we potentiall 
fine. I'm still learning about the business, obviously. Me 
stand is we are sort of procuring. So, it's kind of a trading 
end stage of evolution would be where will we start whit 
end product in our own brand and we've got these two m 
sale. What is the sort of medium-term outlook in this 
established? Is there a longer-term plan to do a backward 
comfortable in terms of the quality of the product and the is 
and we have got the vendor network is well established, s 
put our sticker and operate in that model over a medium t 
So, Medicare, as I said, we are playing in the segment w 
help people to recover and lead a comfortable life froi 
accessories. Currently, it's number three on our priority 
NCR, but we are actively pursuing two things. One, we are 
because that seems to be more efficient in terms of, the sa 
at white labeling once we have reasonable volumes to bt 
identified about, 10 SKU categories, which are quite rele 
on various platforms and the next quarter, we should be al 
the experience while we have the logistics and warehousin; 
And after once we see the volumes coming through is w 
certainly on the card. So, I would say in the next 6 to 
happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of U 
ahead. 
Page 8 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
ause as you said, during the opening 
hat will continue to catch up and the 
wn in a country like India. So, yes, 
or second one that I have is around 
mind just giving us some sort of a 
s the right to thrive in these segments 
e at Home services and in our Care 
se of any episode with the nearby 
tion, we don't provide ambulatory 
business, and my due diligence kind 
maybe looking at. That's absolutely 
care, so I think where we currently 
usiness for us currently and the next 
labeling. We will be presenting the 
els, right, the rental and the outright 
segment once we get the branding 
manufacturing type setup? Or are we 
d of different products that we need 
we are just happy to just, you know, 
longer term maybe? 
rich are essentially patient aid, which 
n respiratory, orthotic to, bathroom 
ist. We have an offline workforce in 
about to, explore listing on a platform 
les output and we will definitely look 
able to push, the margins. We have 
vant in terms of volumes that we see 
le to at least list a few of them, watch 
capabilities both for sales and rental. 
en we will approach, white labeling 
months both of these things should 
as Paymaster, an investor. Please go 

MAX
i INDIA 
LIMITED 
Ulhas Paymaster: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Ulhas Paymaster: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Ulhas Paymaster: 
I have one question. Now you have been talking for las 
turnover of about Rs 500 crores over the next four to five 
your turnover growth in last one or two years, there is hai 
you just explain to me how you are planning to achieve 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
two years that you are expecting a 
cars. Now if you see the trajectory of 
dly any turnover accounting. So, can 
turnover of Rs 500 crores from the 
current turnover of hardly about 10 to 15 crores in Care at Home and Care Home facilities? 
Yes, Ulhasji, our turnover will be more than the number.
Unfortunately, two years have been disrupted by COVIE 
value travel. There was hardly any access to hospitals and 
COV1D services. So, that disruption, unfortunately, we di 
was taken away at least 1 - 1.5 year, 18 months away from 
and we also pulled back not wanting to burn too much of 
coming through. However, things arc now slowly getting 
up very well. If you see our growth quarter-on-quarter, i 
ambition of Rs 500 over next five to seven years, ma 
unforeseen circumstances, but once and as I said the C 
established very clearly. That was our assumption. 
you're talking about this year itself. 
where we had no access to medical 
we also had to turn our focus towards 
't see coming, two years back and it 
us. So, scale-up has been a little slow 
capital, but we didn't sec the demand 
back on track. This quarter has gone 
's quite healthy. So, I would say our 
have got shifted a little bit due to 
re Home unit economics have been 
Some assumptions have gone better than what we had planned and now the scale-up should start 
in all across the verticals. So, if you look at Noida, it hall done very well. We are looking at 
Gurgaon and Bangalore and Pune. So, a combination ofhe four verticals certainly should be 
somewhere near that number, in the next five to seven years. 
But overall, if you sec the progress, which is being made by a competitor, don't you think that 
you are going to lose the first mover advantage if the co petition is able to come up with their 
projects faster than yours? 
Sir, if you are referring to Residences for Seniors, I woul 
creating an ecosystem which comprises Residences, C 
nobody else is playing that game at all. Nobody is creating 
the largest provider of assisted living beds in NCR aIrca 
more in sight by flIFY'23. Nobody else is even near that 
we have done that, we are stepping outside the NCR no 
are actually far ahead of many others who have been in th 
only comparing the residences vertical, obviously, there 
I'm looking at totality of all the four verticals. 
So, even at Care at Home, there are other companies 
going pretty far. Don't you think so? 
I say on overall basis, our ambition of 
re Homes, Care at Home, Medcare, 
an integrated care ecosystem. We are 
ly. As I said, 90 beds operational, 60 
number at this point of time and once 
So, I don't see that danger at all. We 
game a little longer than us. If you're 
are a few people who are larger, But 
Daburs or Mahindras, they are also 
Rajit Mehta: 
Sir, Dabur etc., and Portea, they are competitors who hate been there for 10 years, sir. We are 
about two years for the new services, two years old, and 
Page 9 of 16 
I compare the NCR volumes that we 

MAX
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
Moderator: 
Keval Ashar: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Keval Ashar: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Keval Ashar: 
Rajit Mehta: 
Keval Ashar: 
Raj it Mehta: 
Keval Ashar: 
Rajit Mehta: 
have and all these are not published numbers. So, I can't 
to names that you mentioned within NCR. Of course, they 
more, which we are not, but within NCR in two years, w 
close distance of what number they are reporting on annur
next three or four years, you'll see, faster growth from our s 
hopefully, I wish, it remains the way it is in terms of er 
another disruption for us. But I see this growth now, being 
omment, but we're quite comparable 
are in, you know, x number of cities 
have been able to come within very 
1 basis. So, I'm quite confident in the 
de. I mean, COVID notwithstanding, 
demic and never comes, you know, 
accumulated in the next few years. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line ofi Keval Ashar from DSP Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
A few questions from my side, sir. First is, sir, what is the 
ket size for Care Homes in India? 
The total opportunity as estimated by McKinsey in 2019 vas USD 1.1 billion for assisted living 
in India. 
Sir, any global leaders in this market which are there in similar industry as ours? Just for 
reference for investors that what is the opportunity we can reach? 
There are quite big players in US, UK, as well as, in Jap 
but there the advantage in US is the 
payors are very different. It's an insurer led market, in th sense. So, there are players outside 
India, but nobody in India of that scale and size. 
Sir, if you can just give a name of one to two players in so e mature markets like US and Japan 
just for the reference? 
There is Genesis, in US. There is Continental in US. Th se two names I remember. There is 
Care Homes UK in UK. 
Sir, what could be the ROICs that we would be making 
nn
care homes? Whcn you plan to set 
up a care home, what are the ROICs in your estimate? 
So, we had expected that a care home at a unit level will p duce between 18 to 21% contribution 
margin at a care home level and do a EBITDA in the fo 
, fifth year of between 12 to 15%. 
And sir, last question from my side. So, currently, what I' saying is your four care homes are 
in Delhi, NCR and two in Gurgaon. Sir, how many care homes do we plan in the next three 
years? 
So, our plan is to put up about 2,000 beds in the next, you 
about 150 beds by H1 '23 in NCR and then step out. Don't 
two, three years not right, but that's the plan, 2,000 beds • 
Page 10 of 16 
know, five years. So, we'll complete, 
want to project any numbers for next 
the next five years or so. 

MAX 
`,4111P",
Keval ikshar: 
Rajit Nlehta: 
Moderator: 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
Rajit Mehta: 
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Is it 2,000 or 3,000? 
2,000. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of C 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sir, my question was on the assisted care vertical. Actually 
up with, you know, they've filed the IPO prospectus with 
a few of the numbers that they have reported and, you kno' 
Now, you know, they have been in this business since 10 
140 crores and they've burned through almost Rs 800 crop 
close to Rs 800 crores today. So, I just wanted to understan
you know, these players have been there for, almost 10 y 
of just Rs 140 crores. What gives you that confidence tha 
500 crore figure in five to six years, then you would be pr 
See, the companies you were mentioning actually are, firs 
into only one vertical, which is, you know, care at home. 
seniors, assisted living/ memory care homes, care at home 
all, we are different. Our target segment is different. Our 
is different. They are only into care at home. That's one. 
Second, they started very early and therefore, you know, 
capital to establish the category. So, for that reason it's ne 
real estate enabled play. They are a pure services play. The 
which our model is quite different. So, it's difficult to co 
be five, ten years from now because a very different mode 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
itanya Deepak Shah from Silverlight 
I'm sure, you know, Portea has come 
EBI, and I was just having a look at 
, just a few numbers in the industry. 
ears and they're doing revenues of Rs 
:s. They have a negative net worth of 
d what gives you the confidence that, 
ars and then they've reached the size 
you would be able to reach that Rs 
fitable? 
of all, not senior focus and they are 
We are four verticals, residences for 
and Medcare equipment. So, first of 
cus is different. Our business model 
hey have borne the brunt of, burning 
actually comparable. We are also a 
re are for several reasons, because of 
pare and say where will our growth 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
So, if I understand correctly, are you saying that the wh le ecosystem that you are trying to 
create in terms of care homes and residences, you think thi model sort of works better than just 
having a service focused vertical? 
Rajit Mehta: 
That's our, belief, because the needs are quite distinct and 
current lifestyle and so far we have been, watching the 
progressed a little better than what I had expected. Also, th 
care four, five years back slowly coming into play. 
So, if you look at whether it's chronic healthcare, remote 
for seniors, assisted living, memory care, so slowly you 
segment which means the sector has now started to slowly 
know, our hypothesis is, that given the macroeconomic fact 
changing demographics from 8% seniors to 20%, Und 
Page 11 of 16 
different for seniors in terms of life 
sector very carefully. As I said it's 
re was no ecosystem in place, senior 
ealthcare, care at home, travel portal 
are seeing players coming in each 
take shape. And that's what our, you 
ors of both the population, you know, 
er disease burden, 40% of seniors 

MAX 
INDIA 
LIMITED 
441010,,
Chaitanya Decpak Shah: 
Rajit Mchta: 
reporting cardiac issues, 17% having dementia, a much 
alone and therefore, nuclear families coming into play, the 
Already there's a portal for, second innings employmer 
helpline launch, Tata Trust. There's a portal the governme 
in senior care. About Rs 100 crores of corpus has been s 
now that the sector is getting attention and therefore, we be 
see significant, change in terms of growth trajectories of p 
My second question is regarding the care homes. Now wh 
Home is doing pretty well and you have reached breaker 
Gurgaon 2 that you have listed in the presentation, they si 
just wanted to understand what was the motivation behin 
care home? And why are these occupancies not picking 
that international medical travel would also have started b 
So, as I said, we have assumed that the each care home she 
has done that, you know, one quarter in advance. GK also 
you are seeing in the first quarter, there has been a signifi 
in the second quarter which has happened already in both 
per assumption. 
We also saw that the revenues that we'd expected in term 
downward given the pandemic situation, but then we also 
the break even will come at 70% occupancy. Now it has 
Care Home has been contributing positive for the last 
going up steadily. Yes, medical value travel has started. 
So, our strategy was fast to create supply, because it's not 
to find compliant infrastructures where you have all th 
various laws, the biomedical waste license we have to tf 
supply. We also want to take the opportunity in the pand 
which were available. So, it was an opportunistic play tha 
supply and then we'll push ahead on occupancy and sales. 
So, supply will be in place at the end of the year and no 
steadily up in all the care rooms actually, much more in G 
The other advantage Gurgaon has had is that a large propo 
patients now, which means that the revenues are more or 
sustainable and GK will follow suit. So, that that was a stn 
time it takes and the opportunity presented by the pander 
Page 12 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
er incidence, now of people living 
ovemment's starting to pay attention. 
for seniors. There's an elder care 
t has set up for incentive startups to 
aside. So, all these are indications 
ieve in the next few years, we should 
ople. 
le I appreciate that the Gurgaon Care 
en, but this I think the GK2 and the 
ill are at a pretty low occupancy. So, 
them, you know, opening one more 
p? And I was under the assumption 
now. So, just your thoughts on that. 
rid break even in two years. Gurgaon 
and in the same way. The occupancy 
ant improvement which I will report 
he care homes. So, they are going as 
of pricing per day, we had to revise 
optimize cost. So, earlier we thought 
ome at 45% occupancy and Gurgaon 
w months, and the occupancies are 
easy to create supply either to be able 
fire NOCs, the registrations under 
e. So, it took us time to create the 
mic induced situation of low rentals, 
we said okay, let's go and create the 
So, that's the judgment call we took. 
 we are seeing the occupancy going 
gaon. 
'on of people staying are a long-stay 
ess now on a monthly run rate basis 
tegy to create a supply first given the 
uc situation of lower rental and now 

MAK
INDIA 
LIMITED 
•44111,16,
the focus is on making sure that we're able to increase th 
geographies. 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
So, the model that, you know, you had pivoted, which w 
just leaving out the care homes and not, you know, having 
that started working? I mean, are you happy with that mot 
Rajit Mehta: 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
Ajay Agrawal: 
So, actually, we never owned the care home. What we 
building about 30-35 rooms, and we were operating all 
housekeeping to nursing to physiotherapy to doctors. What 
found a lighter model where we took, you know, 10-15 r 
pre- and post-surgical care to be able to take that advani 
models are now up near various hospitals in NCR and GK 
services are run by us at this point of time. So, yes, the o 
call it in terms of CAPEX where somebody else runs the 
the medical services. That has also started to, show some 
The supply came up in last few months only. We will watc 
is to make sure we have minimum 20 rooms wherever 
lighter CAPEX model for short stay and a little more, you 
is what we think works. So, we never owned big propertie 
I just have one last question. This is regarding the slide nun 
the Antara 2.0 where it's mentioned that the invested capi 
breakup of, you know, this Rs 228 crores of, you know, it 
can just get a break up for something, that would be great. 
So, basically, this is the investment which has been don 
seniors wherein, you know, we have invested in our Noi 
project plus we have invested in Greater Noida land and 
have built in the last 3-4 years which will get amortizes
coming in Bangalore, Pune and other geographies in futur
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
So, what would be the value that would have attributed to 
to know. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Moderator: 
Approximately, Rs. 60 crore on the land parcel of Greate 
crore is there from principal ICD investment to our projec 
comes to the corporate cost and all other amortization wh 
projects when we are going to develop. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Page 13 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
occupancy and then step into other 
mentioned in the last quarter about 
tat ownership yourself, do you think 
1 right now? 
one very earlier was taken the full 
he services ourselves from F&B to 
we did in the pandemic situation was 
toms near, hospitals, particularly for 
age which we have done. So, those 
and Gurgaon full suite, where all the 
erator model or lighter model as we 
F&B and housekeeping. We provide 
ssults. Too early for me to comment. 
i both the models, but our preference 
e go starting with 10 and 20, but a 
now, full-service model for long stay 
Both are still rental model. 
ber 21 in your presentation. It's about 
al is Rs 228 crorc. So, just wanted a 
also mentioned a land parcel. So, if I 
by Max India to the residences for 
a project. So, this leads to the Noida 
plus the infrastructure cost what we 
on various other projects which is 
e land parcel? That is what I wanted 
Noida. Approximately Rs. 28 to 30 
at Sector 150 Noida and the balance 
:h will be getting amortized to other 
d Mundra from Mytemple Capital 

mAxi; 
INDIA
LIMITED 
`OW 
Anand Mundra: 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Anand Mundra: 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Anand Mundra: 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Moderator: 
I just had one question that after selling all the Dehradun 
cash that will be available? 
Surplus cash would be approximately Rs 100 -120 crores. 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
its, how much would be the surplus 
And sir, in the Noida project you mentioned to the previotjs person who asked question that our 
invested capital is around Rs 30 crores. Is that number co 
Rs 28 crores. 
That is all in the form of equity or there is some debt also 
Noida is a JD arrangement wherein the land is in the SIN 
ICD to that place because, in a structure we could not hav 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of C 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
ect? 
So, we have given all the funds as an 
bought the equity of the company. 
itanya Deepak Shah from Silverlight 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
This is a question for Ajay. So, again, just wanted some numbers on the Noida project. Now I 
think when you started selling the project, I think you wetic starting at Rs. 7,000 per square feet 
and now I think you're at — Rs 8,600 per square feet. So, you've mentioned an IRR 15% to 17%. 
So, just wanted to understand, do you think that you would be revising it upwards? And also 
second part of that question is how much, what is the total value of sales that you've done till 
now? 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Total value of sale what we have capped yet, capped as o 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
Yes, as of the presentation date. 
Ajay Agrawal: 
So, you know, you can safely, but 278 we have sold as o 
valuation Rs 1.5 Cr, then, approximately Rs 400-450 cc 
pricing of the IRR, see, no, unfortunately, presently, w 
material has increased substantially from what we have mi 
in 2020, the model was done in 2019. From 19 to 2022, w 
increase. Steel has gone approximately 30% and, you k: 
And actually, we have increased these prices rapidly in la 
costs and to retain the IRR which we had aspired to whil 
looking forward for many opportunities like that whcr 
pricing will certainly do so. But obviously, we have to be 
also. So, presently, I'm keeping it conservatively 15 to 1 
company to maximize the IRR as good as possible. 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
And the total investment in the project would be 28 plus 
Page 14 of 16 
date? 
30th of June and if I give an average 
res of sales we have done. And as a 
do not see that because, the cost of 
>deled. So, when we started the project 
have seen an exceptionally high price 
ow, copper and likewise everything. 
t three months to offset some of these 
c we will be looking after, we will be 
in we have opportunity to raise the 
ommensurate to the market conditions 
%, but all efforts will be taken by the 
6 

MAX
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Correct. 66 is a delta cash flow which I'll have to give to 
remember, I had explained that 10:90 we have sold appro 
project. So, that's where the cash, way collections are 
downwards. 
Chaitanya Deepak Shah: 
So, when I say my IRR would be on approximately 100 c 
Ajay Agrawal: 
Moderator: 
Raj it Nlehta: 
Correct. So, the moment where there's a less investment wi 
I'm getting my IRR is also always going to get improved. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from partici 
to Mr. Raj it Mehta, Managing Director, Max India Limi 
ahead. 
Thank you everybody for your engagement and question 
playing out very clearly and as I said, I'm seeing it from 
of new players who are walking. In the last 18 months or so 
in senior care in different formats. Somebody using AI for 
concierge, somebody doing travel portals for seniors, sour 
seniors. So, different players, different formats, last 18 m 
There are now investments flowing in. We have alreat
happening in the last few months. Heightened government 
know, medical social living policy for assisted living gc 
something that we had helped them draft and there's als 
certification standards for care homes. So, that's a necessat
that. There is some talk of insurers now covering attendan
the, you know, macro-economic factors playing out to be 
we go forward. 
We are quite uniquely placed. We're the only ones with 
ecosystem. We do believe once we have a sizable popular 
our ability to cross sales becomes quite easy and the custo 
For example, in our Dehradun facility, all health care se 
Assisted Care. So, it will happen in Noida and other con 
1,000, you know, residents who will need health care se 
more or less a captive audience. Now they will have vario 
or diagnostic to be done and therefore, we will have all th 
needed by them. 
The memory care, you know, offering we're about to launc 
eminent advisory committee we are signed up which will 
Page 15 of 16 
aintain a debt equity ratio. So, if you 
ately 60-70 units in the start of the 
going in, these numbers can vary 
re of capital from your side, right? 
the same kind of equity realisation, 
ut today it will be too early to say. 
ants, I now hand the conference over 
ed for closing comments. Please go 
. As I said, there's a trend which is 
tree angles. One, heightened interest 
there have been 30 plus new entrants 
remote monitoring, somebody doing 
ebody stepping up into residence for 
nths, heightened investor interest. 
ly seen two such deals, you know, 
interest, policy making, the first, you 
t released, by Haryana government, 
, you know, NABH now talking of 
y condition for insurers to start cover 
is at home. Slowly, we are seeing all 
able to, you know, push the sector as 
ur brand playing the integrated care 
ion who is using one of our services, 
er acquisition costs, come down. 
vices are being provided by Antara 
nunities where we will have 600 to 
rites. They will be done by us. So, 
needs from nursing to an equipment 
products that are services which are 
is quite unique. We also have a very 
ounce shortly, you know, who will 

mAx. 
INDIA 
LIMITED 
Now 
Moderator: 
help us make sure that our protocols are really best in clas 
dementia is currently under reported in the country and  
play as well. We have all the building blocks in place as 
of, financial performance and the residents voice of cu 
quarter-on-quarter slowly which is now coming through 
care home. So, everything is pointing in the right direction 
Now it's time for us to accelerate. It will still take, you 
the scale that we want to and some of your questions arc 
we will reach that scale or not. As I said, the pandemic 
from us. However, now it is coming back and hopefully, 
very much for the patient listening and thank you very m 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentl 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us ai 
Thank you. 
Page 16 of 16 
Max India Limited 
August 5, 2022 
and across the world. We do believe 
th 
i
t's a big opportunity that we want to 
evidence from our run rate in terms 
stomers, the growth, you know, on 
nd the conversion rates we see in our 
ow, a couple of years more to reach 
uitc valid in terms of, trends and that 
ears took away a lot of, opportunity 
e trends, will improve. So, thank you 
h for your questions. 
men, on behalf of Max India Limited, 
d you may now disconnect your lines. 
