                                                                            
                                                                             TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE                       
                                                     8th Floor, Express Trade Towers,  
15-16, Sector – 16A, Noida – 201301, U.P. 
                                                                                                  Tel  91 120 4308000 / Fax 91 120 4311010-11 
Regd. Office :  A-44, Hosiery  Complex, Phase –II Extn., Noida – 201 305, U.P 
CIN No. L29110UP1995PLC041834  
 
 
 
  
 
 Date:  August 9, 2022                          
  
BSE Ltd. 
e-mail- corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Thru : BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
e-mail cmlist@nse.co.in 
Thru : NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 533655 
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
  
  
Dear Sirs, 
  
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/ Investor’s Conference Call 
  
Further to our letter dated August 2, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of Analysts/ Investor’s 
call held on 2nd August, 2022 on the financial results for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2022. The same is 
being made available on the Company’s website at: https.www.triveniturbines.com at the following link :  
 
 
https://www.triveniturbines.com/sites/default/files/uploads/investor/TTL-EarningsCallTranscript-FY23-
1Q-Website.pdf 
  
      
Kindly take the same on record. 
  
Thanking You, 
  
 For Triveni Turbine Limited 
  
  
 
  
Rajiv Sawhney 
Company Secretary 
Membership No A 8047 
  
Encl : As above 
  
 
RAJIV 
SAWHNEY
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV SAWHNEY 
Date: 2022.08.09 
13:16:35 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
the Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine Ltd. We have 
with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, 
President, Global Sales Products; Mr. Sachin Parab, President Global 
Sales Aftermarket; Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations & Value 
Creation along with other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussion, maybe forward-looking in nature. And the statement 
to this effect has been included in the invite which was mailed to 
everybody earlier. 
 
I would also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees it 
may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will 
start this call with opening remarks from the management following 
which we will have an interactive question-and-answer session. I now 
request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with you, with 
regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to you, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and my apologies for 
starting this call a little bit late, we had some technical issues. But I'm 
very pleased to report the results for your company Triveni Turbines for 
the first quarter FY 23. And we had very positive, we started the year off 
in a very positive note. I'm happy to report that we have had another 
high in our order booking for a single quarter at ₹ 3.6 billion, and this is 
also coupled with a very strong closing order book. As well as the 
performance in terms of an all-time high in EBITDA as well as revenue, it 
places us very well for the growth that we forecast for this current year 
but also forecasts for what we believe to be the growth in the next year 
as well. Some of the highlights on a consolidated basis. The revenue from 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
operations in the first quarter of FY 23, stood at ₹ 2.59 billion, which is 
an increase of 40.7%. The EBITDA for the quarter was at ₹ 561 million 
which was up by 35.8% with a margin of 21.7%. The profit before tax was 
at ₹ 508 million in the first quarter which is an increase of 39.1% with 
flattish margins of 19.6%. The PAT for the quarter was a ₹ 383 million 
and increase of 37.8%. We also had the highest ever quarterly order 
booking of ₹ 3.6 billion during the first quarter and a record outstanding 
carry forward order book on the 30th of June of ₹ 10.7 billion.  
 
Coming to some of the financial metrics, during the quarter under the 
view, revenue from operations grew at 41% as compared to the previous 
year, with the domestic sales showing an increase of 32% to ₹ 1.6 billion, 
while the export turnover increased by 59% to ₹ 966 million reflecting 
both the post-pandemic macro recovery in the domestic as well as 
international markets. And the Company's success in its international 
orders as well. 
 
As a result, the mix of the domestic and export sales changed to 63% 
domestic and 37% export in Q1 FY 23 as compared to 67% domestic and 
33% export in Q1 FY 22. The EBITDA increased by 36% to ₹ 561 million 
as against ₹ 413 million in the previous financial year of the same 
quarter. While EBITDA margins declined by 70 basis points to 21.7% as 
against 22.4% from the previous quarter of the last financial year. The 
decline in EBITDA margins in the first quarter over the last year is largely 
attributable to higher raw material costs. But as you can see, our 
operating leverage, our change in product mix and our forecasted 
change in product mix in the quarters to come, lead us to believe that 
we do not have a margin problem and we will maintain our PBT for the 
full year as well as our future years at above 20%. The profit after tax for 
this quarter grew at 38% as I've already stated. 
 
Order booking which is a record high for this current quarter, stood at ₹ 
3.6 billion as opposed to ₹ 2.7 billion in the first quarter of FY 22, which 
is an increase of 31%. The domestic order booking during the quarter 
grew by 26% while the export order booking grew by 44%. 
 
I'm happy to share that in a short span of time of augmenting our 
capacity in the South African Development Community (SADC) region 
with our acquisition of TSE Engineering in the last quarter, the Company 
has bagged a significant services contract for large steam turbines in this 
region, which is for utility turbines. We've accounted for ₹ 190 million in 
this quarter, but we believe the size of this contract is far larger at 
approximately over ₹ 1 billion. 
 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
This is a new area for us to enter where we are going to be looking at 
expanding our servicing reach, which allows us to cater to the servicing 
and O&M requirements of large customers. But also allows us then to 
further sell-on other parts and services which could be at much higher 
margins. While this was not forecast in our budget and though this may 
be a slightly lower-margin business from aftermarket perspective, we 
believe that, this will not impact our overall margins of the Company. 
And in fact, it would give us greater impetus for future growth, not only 
in the current region, but expanding this service offering to other parts 
of the world. 
 
We continue to see growth in our other markets of API turbines as well 
as the entire range of 0 MW to 100 MW steam turbines. This coupled 
with our increased focus on aftermarket leads us to believe that the 
coming quarters will continue to see growth in order booking and we are 
confident that by the end of this financial year we will have a 
substantially higher order book, than we did starting in FY 23. The 
enquiry generation in this quarter in the international side grew by 22%, 
gives us further confidence of the opening up of export markets, 
especially in Southeast Asia, as well as some parts of North America and 
South America. 
 
On an outlook perspective, we believe that our capacity expansions 
which we had started in the last quarter of the financial year and the 
quarter before that, would be complete by September of this year and 
our augmented capacity would be sufficient to cater to the demand that 
our order book is creating. We believe that our expanded capacity of 
about 200 to 250 turbines per annum would be sufficient for us in the 
short to medium term. This coupled with our supply chain initiatives, do 
not lead us to believe that execution would be a worry. The pandemic 
has expanded and opened up different markets for us. And as you can 
tell from the recent war in Ukraine, that energy markets are at an all-
time high, which is leading to confidence for power generation both in 
upstream and downstream oil and gas markets. This coupled with our 
historical push on the renewable energy markets leads us to have the 
increased confidence for sustaining demand, throughout this current 
year but also stemming into FY 24. The company continues to invest in 
technologies at the higher end of the spectrum, which not only allows us 
to improve our efficiency and operating conditions so that we can 
provide a better value proposition to our customers, but we also do 
longer-term R&D initiatives as I've spoken to you about in the previous 
quarters, such as our initiatives in both supercritical as well as 
transcritical carbon dioxide which has a variety of different applications 
and we would be working to speed up the piloting and 
commercialization of these technologies in the near future. 

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
The company has a healthy treasury management system and we have 
expanded the cash in our books to approximately ₹ 853 crore.  
 
So Ladies and Gentlemen with that, I'd like to open the floor up for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from 
Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers. My first question is with respect 
to the domestic demand environment, we had seen reasonably good 
growth in the order inflow in the domestic market. Can you throw more 
color on say, what is the nature of these orders from which sectors it is 
coming in, which fuel source from which it is coming in and the 
sustainability of this kind of momentum or the next 12 to 18 months? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay, so before I get in Mr. Prasad who is our Global President for 
Products, I have to tell you that we are seeing very robust ordering 
environment both in the domestic, as well as export market. Given our 
high market share, we play in every different market segment and as you 
know from quarter-to-quarter it changes. 
 
We continue to see robust demand, in the domestic market from the 
distillery segment, from other renewable based projects such as paper 
& paper recycling, as well as some projects in the municipal solid waste 
as well. We think that the demand from waste heat recovery is there, it 
did not contribute significantly in this current quarter but we believe 
that it will continue in the coming quarters, but let me get Mr. Prasad in 
right now. Could you give some color to Ravi on the domestic market? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, yes. So in domestic market, distillery segment is one of the key 
segments for us and the process cogeneration. These are the two 
segments which are leading the show. So as far as the Q1 booking as well 
as enquiry pipeline, where it is coming.  This is followed by steel and 
cement, these are the two segments. Even in process cogeneration 
when we are seeing, so the pharmaceutical is major segment followed 
by food processing and pulp & paper. So that way domestic trend is quite 
well spread in process cogeneration covering all the industry segments. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, got it. 
 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I have to tell you that we see this demand sustaining, we're seeing a 
growth in the overall market. This is being led on a MW basis as well as 
an absolute rupee basis also. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. Any sense on what would be the domestic market size? So, we will 
be 1000 MW or probably even more than that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We come to the domestic market by the end of the year, we looked at 
the fact that it has grown quite substantially in Q1 over, Q1 of the last 
year, so last year had some difficulties in terms of the pandemic, so it's 
not appropriate to compare but there has been a substantial growth in 
the market but I have to say that in general we are still away from the 
highs and peaks that we've seen in the market of 2007, 2011 which were 
the last two peaks that we saw in the ordering cycle in the domestic 
markets. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it. And with respect to the 30 to 100 MW range, so basically have we 
started seeing orders there, is there any order sitting in the current order 
inflow from 30 to 100 MW range or we still in the process of getting and 
gaining traction? How is the traction there? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
As you would imagine, Ravi, the orders in the 30 to 100 MW segment 
because they are larger value, they would be more lumpy in terms of 
how they contributed to our order books. So, they have not been part of 
our Q1 order book. But having already well into Q2, we can say that we 
have good success already in that market segment. This is in the 
international market and it will be from areas where our historical 
strength lies which is in the thermal renewable segment. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay, so can we expect some order over the next two to three quarters 
by the end of this financial year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Like I said we are already in Q2 and we are already seeing success so yes, 
we look for more success in the quarters after that. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay sir. Got it. And with respect to the South Africa, the AMC orders, 
you mentioned about profit margins being slightly on the lower side. So 
is it relative to aftersales margins that generally we get and is it above 
the overall company level margins or to be look at it as a below company 
level margins so if you can give some reference, it will be great. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
As you would imagine that parts is a much more lucrative segment and 
when we look at aftermarket that is disproportionate in its contribution 
towards margins, when we look at servicing as it is, it's on a slightly lower 
end, and when we go to the lower end of servicing such as O&M it is 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
slightly lower margin than that, but having said that, this is not a 
constraint, when we look at our entire overall portfolio, we would be 
maintaining the overall margins as a company. And I think what is more 
encouraging about this is that this opens up very vast revenue field for 
us and much, much more rapid revenue growth. The possibilities for us 
to leverage our capabilities of handling large utility turbines can be 
leveraged in many parts of the world. And we believe that that we're 
adequately poised to capture this market.  
 
But suffice to say, Ravi, that, once we are with the customer, we think 
that given our quality systems and the fact that we have an increased 
use of digital tools in terms of being able to assess the current status and 
life of turbines that we will be able to push at upgradation cycle, which 
could then be quite lucrative for us for the parts business. We could also 
leverage the credentials and capabilities of having the large utility 
turbines in the domestic as well as other Southeast Asian and North 
American markets. 
 
And so, we believe that this opens up an entirely new revenue stream 
for us. But regardless of that, we are seeing enormous growth in our 
order booking, which will translate to a sustained 35%+ revenue growth 
for the next couple of years. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from 
Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the margin 
bit. So, there is some decline in the gross margin considering the increase 
in the raw material prices, now post the correction do you see any upside 
in the margins from the current base? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
What is important, I think to remember is that we operate in a 
duopolistic market domestically and oligopolistic market internationally. 
So, margins and when we work with our customers, we like to work with 
our customers for the lifecycle of their product, which is 25 plus years. 
And so therefore, while we have the ability to increase prices, and we 
have the ability to expand margins, we believe that it's more important 
to take our customers along with us. And so, when you see our margin 
profile at first quarter with a higher raw material as a percentage of sales 
at nearly 57%, firstly, when we took at our own supply chain base, that 
will come down over the coming quarters both, because the product mix 
will change increasingly towards export as well as a higher degree of 
aftermarket. 

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
But secondly, we will also absorb a lot of the raw material prices, and 
there has been a reversion in raw material prices also. So we see the 
longer-term contracts that we have would then get revised downwards. 
Secondly, now to what extent will be will that lead to margin expansion 
versus us transferring that to our customers? I think that we are happy 
and sufficient with having margins, at least at 20%. We would be upset 
when margins go below that. So, our attempt should be always to 
maintain margins at a higher level than that. And when I mean margin 
that I'm talking about PBT. So, we may have possibilities to expand 
margins, and they may go up and they probably should in terms of the 
fact that we have a better revenue mix and declining commodity prices, 
as well as higher aftermarket sales. So maybe a roundabout answer, I 
think we do have confidence, but I wouldn't like you to project that. 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. Then question on what previous participant were asking about 
the large turbine more than 30 MW. So, what is the percentage share of 
that segment in the current closing order book. Is it negligible? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's actually quite it's upwards of 10% of the current order book. And we 
believe that it will increase in the coming quarters. 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Did we recognize any revenue from that large turbines in the Q1 
quarter? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, we did. 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, can you tell me what percentage broad range? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't think that's necessary to go into details like that. 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Fine, no issue. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from 
Subhkam Capital Ventures. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Good afternoon. Two questions from my side. First is historically you 
have mentioned that, in your segments, there are no big inorganic 
opportunities. I mean, big in the sense from ticket size point of view. So, 
and technology wise, you said that you people are amongst the best, so 
you don't need that. So, just wanted to understand the reason for 
increasing the cash balance in the balance sheet and not paying it as a 
dividend. Because one more thing, which I mentioned was that you will 
take care of the capital allocation policy and the return ratios of the 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
company. So, if you have no other options for the cash, you will 
distribute it? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You bring up a very good point, I'm sure, you may have got our annual 
report by now already. You see some our annual report that a lot of the 
cash pile that we have is driven by negative working capital, as well as 
high customer advances. These are technically liabilities that we do have 
to fulfill at some point in time. Now to take the fact that we are 
operationally efficient as an operation and exclude that from our cash 
pile. I think we are well positioned right now. Also, while I may have 
talked about expansion of capital pile, the dividend of course currently, 
which we had announced in at the end of the financial year FY 22 has 
not been paid, it will be paid only after the AGM. And so therefore, the 
cash pile will decline post payment of that dividend. But suffice to say 
and your point is well understood that what will we be doing with our 
cash pile? I think that we think at this point in time is really not a problem 
for us, that we are constraining either return metrics or for that we are 
not complying with our dividend payout ratios, etc. So, I think that we 
will continue to maintain payouts to our shareholders, but at this point 
in time, given the fact that what our customer advances are, given the 
fact that that we do have liabilities attached with that, we think that we 
are sufficiently poised in our cash balance. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
But I believe you people will maintain this negative working capital kind 
of scenario going forward also. So, every time you have cash flows? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well that's what I meant. We would like just to be prudent, it's not for 
any other reason. And so why -- when we believe that it becomes a 
problem, then we will take appropriate action. And of course, this is 
something that was subject to the Board's decision. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And the second question was that, there is a big overhang of the 
supply from Triveni Engineering, I mean, the stock sale, which you 
people had announced. So just wanted to understand, can you expedite 
that process of selling so that there is no overhang on the stock price? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You bring up a point which is not in my control, or in control of Triveni 
Turbine, this is Triveni Engineering selling, but I will pass the message on, 
I think that, that you bring up a point that I may not have been aware of 
which is this overhang. But okay, I'll understand a little bit more from 
you as to what you mean by this or I'll ask Investor Relations Manager to 
be in touch with you. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu 
Upadhyay from O3 Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So, my question was on API turbine, you entered the business two or 
three years back, what needs to happen that that business becomes 
quite large. Let's say where are we stuck and what is the CapEx 
happening on that part of the industry, which is the refinery and 
fertilizers and petrochemical. So, the CapEx happening in that, what we 
need to do get a bigger share of that business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You bring up a very good point which is the fact that we have not 
historically had any large contribution to our order book from the API 
market segment. As we see our product development and approach to 
market in terms of qualifications in this segment, it has opened a very 
large market for us. How will Triveni Turbines cater to this, very frankly 
these turbines are a little bit more standard. So, they are actually easier 
to make from our perspective. And so, it's less customized to the extent 
that we have with our regular power generating markets, so it is easier 
to execute.  They are smaller in size of capacity, so from an execution 
perspective, it's really not an issue and we've catered to that through 
expansions in terms of capacity. 
 
Now, executing is not a constraint, the issue would be more in terms of 
winning orders, where we think we have adequately priced solution for 
this market, both at a high efficiency level so as to provide better 
economics to the customer, but also benchmark versus our competition. 
And so, when we see that the market is opening up quite considerably 
for us, we are quite hopeful that this market will contribute meaningfully 
for us in terms of growth, but it will never replace the growth of what 
we're seeing from the overall renewable energy market in the short 
term. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So, I take your point, but just the first thing in new oil and gas product is 
getting product approval. And to that product approval we have cleared 
across all the continents of it. And from all the engineering companies 
who are designers, now to win the orders that is where we are working 
on and what type of CapEx are we seeing that side of the business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
And so, we are seeing extremely large CapEx in this market. This we're 
seeing both from the domestic market which is not only from 
downstream, but also upstream oil and gas in the domestic market, but 
increasingly so from the fertilizer segment. We also see very large 
investments internationally coming from a variety of different large 
utilities be it from shale gas all the way up. So, there's a lot of CapEx 
happening in this market globally. 

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, one thing which is our domestic market in India, see who would 
you be competing. Is their local manufacturers or the product is 
completely imported smaller turbines? So, can you just some idea in 
that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You’re right. This is an import substitution market. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And one more thing. So, in government contracts, there was this 
thing that below a certain price point, domestic manufacturers should 
be given a preference. In many of the fertilizer and petrochemical 
companies and refineries are government companies. Do we get any 
preference in those businesses or there is yet no presence in the ticket 
size where you are operating API grid turbines? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Prasad, can you answer this question as to whether we see any price 
preference for this market with domestic Public Sector Undertaking 
(PSUs) in the oil and gas segment? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
There is no price preference for domestic suppliers as of now, even our 
competitors who were offering they also manufactured the turbine in 
India, even if a PSU comes with any price preference, so, that will be 
equal to both the parties. So, we are not looking forward to that. We will 
be competing based on the technology merits and delivery mechanism. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Near when it was stated that API oil and gas was import substitute. So, 
when it was stated that it is import substitute, that's where this second 
question came? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, you are right in some cases, there is a local player our competitors 
they also have some manufacturing facility. So even right now, even 
those cases wherever the imports happening, there is no subsidy for 
domestic manufacturers as of now for this rotating equipment of 
turbine. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, and what percentage of products should be import substitute as 
let's say number of turbines which are used or what percentage? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think as we get into this market, we have more information and we will 
get that out to you. I think the fact is that the market is quite large and 
as we are seeing our approvals from the OEMs, we see this contributing 
to our enquiry book substantially and will eventually form a part of order 
booking in a meaningful manner going forward. But as you rightly point 
out that we do see demand coming from a variety of different segments 
and this is just one segment. 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And earlier when we entered this business our thought was this can be 
a pretty large market. So that thought remains the same or the 
probability of this business also becoming very large is high. It will take 
time, but we remain confident now also as we were earlier when we 
entered the business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You're very right, we are confident about this business line. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar from Kamakhya 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar: 
Congratulations for great set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions. My 
first question is on the CapEx. In the last call, you said like it would be 
investing ₹ 35 crore to ₹ 40 crore, expanding the facility to 200 to 250 
turbines. Sir is it fair to assume that considering your assets turnout to 
be, so we can get incremental revenue ₹100 crore to ₹120 crore? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, it will be more, the asset maybe more, but what Arun I think, can 
you give some visibility as to how much capacity utilization you may see 
of the facility and when will it be ready? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes. As you know, we are building one more Bay in our new Sompura 
facility. We already have most of the CapEx done and it will be complete 
in Q2 FY 23, we'll be able to capitalize all the capital expenditures which 
is required for expansion, the capacity will be flexible, it will be 
somewhere between 250 numbers to 350 numbers depending on how 
much outsourcing we are able to do and what are the subcontracts that 
we do because that would also determine the capacity. Whatever CapEx 
we have indicated to you meeting, we are not exceeding that, we are 
continuing with it. 
 
And we expect that by Q3 FY 23 mid, even our subcontractors’ 
expansions will be complete and will be fully operational, it would 
definitely mean additional revenue in the current year, which we have 
already planned for and in the coming years also. And this capacity, what 
we're building is likely to be sufficient for a couple of years for us there 
is not expected anyway in capital expenditures for this, does it answer 
your question? 
 
Tushar: 
Actually, your incremental revenue, I would like to get some color on? 
 

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think what Arun is saying and what I think we've said in our previous 
calls is that we're not a capacity constrained company in the fact that, 
that our capital employed may be used for capacity expansion, but our 
supply chain initiatives in terms of actually having a vast degree of 
outsourcing also does add amply to our capacity. So very, frankly, if you 
look at what is a greater indication of our asset turns and ratios like that 
would be by just looking at our revenue growth, which would be the 
commitment that we have to fulfill the orders as a part of our order 
booking. And so, the fact that we are seeing 35% plus growth, the next 
couple of years can give you an indication of whatever turns you want 
to see on our assets. 
 
Tushar: 
Fair enough sir. My second question would be, did you see the top line 
grow like product is customized to clients and coming two to three years 
on the top line? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, I think I alluded to this already. We are quite confident of our growth 
for the next couple of years in terms of both being reflected tangibly by 
the order booking that we have.  This current year's revenue is pretty 
much locked in the bag, we have all the products that we need to do, 
including whatsoever was part of our order book and bill is a sufficient 
visibility towards our growth to this current financial year. 
 
Our aftermarket, which will contribute all the way up to Q3 is also a well-
planned and well forecasted, the enquiry book that we have also seems 
to suggest that the growth that I talked about would continue into FY 24. 
Our enquiry book also does suggest that our FY 24 order booking should 
be quite robust, given the expansion in the markets that we already 
spoke about, which is above 30 MW as well as API, as well as a continued 
focus on fixed capital formation in the below 30 MW segment. So, we're 
quite confident. Thank you. 
 
Tushar: 
Fair enough, thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from 
Carnelian Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
Hi, thanks for giving me the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set 
of numbers. You did allude to some line on FY 24 also, I mean just wanted 
to get an understanding of this demand environment that we are seeing, 
what is the longevity of that? And my second question was on the margin 
profile, of the above 30 MW. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, the margin profiles don't change substantially with the capacity of 
turbines, it is independent of competitive intensity, but more than that 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
is specifications. The higher the specifications, the higher the margins.  
There are certain historical markets, which give you lower margins in 
certain markets, which give you higher margins, as you would imagine 
markets where customers are concerned more on price to give you 
lower margins and markets, where customers are concerned more 
about efficiency and robustness and other features, which are important 
to the industrial process, those give you higher margins. And this is 
consistent through the entire range. 
 
So, we don't see margins changing specifically, for example, the API 
segment, which has much more focus on health and safety and other 
constraints in terms of fire, etc. is a much higher margin business. 
Aftermarket, as you know is a high margin business for us as an entirety, 
but you have the entire spectrum within it, you have servicing, which is 
slightly lower, you have refurbishment, which can vary in terms of the 
scope, and parts, which is a very high margin business. But in all when 
we calculate our growth, and we look at the margin profile of the 
company going forward, and like I stressed a couple of times, we don't 
see margins as being a problem for us. We aim and are confident of 
maintaining a PBT margin in excess of 20%. 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, and the longevity of this growth that we're currently seeing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, so there are certain markets, which are new to us where we've 
expanded the market in which we operate. One is that our direct focus 
in the 30 to 100 MW segment, which is a market, which is approximately 
on a global basis, one and a half times the size of the market below 30 
MW, seems to suggest and already are the successes that we've had. 
That we will have good growth in this market, which should sustain our 
visibility as well as then order booking. Similarly, in the API market where 
we have low market share right now, as we see going forward. And we 
should aim to get a better market share, as we increase our presence 
and increase our reference bases with customers. So that coupled with 
the fact that aftermarket space is where we see a greater presence on 
the ground with our customers, we should aid in getting more revenue. 
We think that the order booking trajectory can be sustained for several 
years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Payal Lad from 
Progressive Shares. Please go ahead. 
 
Payal Lad: 
Good afternoon sir. So, I have a couple of questions, these are basically 
if you have the extracts from the annual report. The first one being how 
do you see the market in Germany in terms of Waste to Energy steam 
turbine generators that are already commissioned there? 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I wouldn't like to speak specifically about any particular market if 
that's fine. But in general, Europe has a great focus in incineration of 
municipal solid waste. And this has been driven by variety of different 
impetuses. One is that the regulation is not allowing for dumping of 
municipal waste into municipal dumps because of leachate and other 
carcinogens that are treated in groundwater also, given the fact that 
dumps lead to the emission of methane. And so therefore, the fact that 
a municipal solid waste incineration plant would generate carbon 
dioxide and suppose to methane is deemed as clean. And so, it comes 
under the subject of the certain Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) 
benefits, and both local as well as country specific grants. So, we see this 
as a very large segment, of course, Europe is as a leader in the 
environmental sense and decarbonization, it has taken the lead in it, we 
believe that the economics of this will be true globally. 
 
Payal Lad: 
Okay, the second one is, could you highlight more on these newly 
developed sub-three MW products that cater to demand for your 
products in terms of market size or growth opportunities? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, again Arun, can you speak a little bit more about this segment, 
which is part of our annual report? 
 
Arun Mote: 
These are turbines, which are standard turbines. And these are made 
and stocked and sold. These are not against the orders. We are 
developing the market. This is something which will go through not only 
our sales force, but also through our distributor network. That's how it's 
coming. We are building the market, we should be able to give you more 
size of the market in the coming years because this is something which 
is developing, and we see positive increase in the enquiries in almost 
each quarter. 
 
Payal Lad: 
Okay. And in terms of the aftermarket business, laying its foray into new 
industrial segments, such as your geothermal and your compressors. So, 
do you see any scale up in the contribution to this division along with the 
order wins that has come in this quarter from SADC? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yeah, my colleague Sachin would answer but I would like to tell you that 
we have very positive references on geothermal market, not only in 
almost all industrial areas, which is in Southeast Asia, and also in the 
Australia and New Zealand, Australian continent. Sachin, please. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Good afternoon. In terms of the Geothermal market, we have good 
traction. And we are seeing continued enquiries in this segment. So, our 
efforts in the Geothermal segment are paying off. Mr. Mote has 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
mentioned about some of the geographies and in all these geographies, 
we are seeing consistent business and repeat enquiries. 
 
Payal Lad: 
So, have you seen any enquiries for the current quarter for this division? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think let's not get into specific segments for enquiries and order 
bookings. But suffice to say that on a year-on-year basis, our penetration 
to this market has improved. We're seeing greater visibility on enquiry 
basis, but also as part of our order booking. 
 
Payal Lad: 
Okay. And one last thing. In last conference call, you had mentioned that 
you had to reduce the order book of about ₹ 400 million on account of 
the Ukraine invasion. I understand you had even mentioned that the 
percentage contribution is not very large. So are these orders near 
execution or some part of it has already seen. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
They are on hold. 
 
Payal Lad: 
The entire is on hold? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, and I think that to be fair, we don't see this coming back into the 
order book very soon. So, we will look to divert whatever that is part of 
our inventory. Arun, can you comment? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yeah, these orders were at different levels of execution, some in 
engineering, some where the raw material has been bought. They are 
successfully getting diverted. And we don't see any major impact of 
these orders which are on hold, which we expect eventually to get 
cancelled. We won't be affected in our operations at all. 
 
Payal Lad: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhilash Hiran, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Can you quantitatively express the cost benefit for a company who is 
putting up a steam turbine or versus alternative competitive products? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
If you see a variety of different applications in a steel industry, one is 
power generation that they need for their own operations and the 
second is capturing heat as part of from the furnace etc. Now, the 
capturing heat as part of from their furnace, I don't think they exist 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
alternate technologies apart from it being captured through a boiler 
steam basis at this current point in time. 
 
Well of course, our solutions of concentration of supercritical carbon 
dioxide. Like I said, the first application of waste heat recovery doesn't 
seem to have any alternate solutions while for steel industry in specific 
which doesn't use steam as part of the process, their power generation 
requirements could be fed through other means, be it from grid or 
variety of different sources. But generally, because of the remoteness of 
steel plants they do end up generating on site also because they do end 
up importing coke for the current furnaces. Even if the furnace moves to 
hydrogen base, the fact that it will still emit heat and so therefore, we 
would still need a technology like the steam turbine to capture that heat. 
I don't know if that answers your question. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
No sir. So, could you this right on what my question basically was that if 
I'm using a steam turbine versus a Diesel Generator (DG) set or any other 
alternative forms of generating electricity. So, then what would be the 
per unit benefit of using a steam turbine just across various industries. 
In the last call you said that you will come up with some white papers for 
this, which gives us a better understanding. So, from that perspective, 
we could just share some broad numbers of use of the benefit of using 
of steam turbines? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. I can give this to you because I know this for the sugar industry, 
where you have a cost of bagasse somewhere in the region of about ₹ 
800 a tonne, the typical cost of generation of power without counting 
the cost of heat, because you're using steam as part of the process as 
well. You have a cost somewhere in the region of between ₹ 1.50 to ₹ 
1.80. Now, if you include a margin on the heat transfer as well, you could 
probably get that cost down to be the ₹ 1 to ₹ 1.10. But of course, all of 
this is dependent on your cost of fuel. So, I think you can calculate a 
variety of different ways, but suffice to say if there is a heating 
requirement as part of the industrial process, which would be there in 
industries such as chemicals, petrochemicals, agro food, paper, sugar, 
rubber, textiles, etc., it always makes sense for you to generate on site. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay, for heat. Yes sir, sorry. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Because your thermal efficiency is much higher. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay. And Sir, at what scale does it make sense? Like, the industry has 
to reach a certain threshold for them to install a steam turbine from an 
economic standpoint? 
 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
But actually, its basically when whenever a continuous process industry 
that it makes sense, the size and capacity would change depending on 
the size and capacity of the industry and its requirements. But as long as 
it's continuous, then it makes sense for you to go into this, if it's a 
discontinuous or a batch process, etc., then it probably doesn't make 
sense for you to have a steam turbine, because we need to get it 
operating does take some time, and it's not the best solution. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay. Coming to the waste heat recovery. Could you give us a sense on 
what is the penetration levels in for waste heat recovery in steel and 
cement? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Dear Prasad can you give an idea as to what is the penetration? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, yes. Especially when it comes to cement industry. Now, majority of 
the cement industries are trying to tap the waste sheet. Our penetration 
today based on our statistic, almost 30% of the cement industry, they 
have gone for waste heat recovery options and some projects are in the 
pipeline. Still we feel that around 70% potential there on that. When it 
comes to steel industry almost 100% of the sponge iron, when they're 
installing itself, they go for a waste heat recovery option. As the new 
sponge iron and pig iron plants are coming, there will be opportunity for 
that. Whereas in cement, whatever the installed base running cement 
plant, there is a 70% of the cement plant yet to tap this potential. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
And so, what would be that number for steel. You said 70% for cement 
and what would be the number for steel? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Steel, as they installed the plant, parallelly they go with this waste heat 
recovery tapping, because the waste heat whatever comes from kiln, 
that is a huge waste heat. So, they get the permission only once they 
show the tapping of this waste heat and converting into the power. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay. So, currently whatever steel capacity they all have installed the 
waste heat recovery…? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yeah, especially sponge iron and pig iron plants that is a segment; 
otherwise integrated steel plant, yes, everybody installed capturing this 
waste heat. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay sir. And in the annual report under the inventory section, you 
mentioned that the cost of inventory which are expensed out is around 
₹ 54 crore. So, can you explain what is it exactly? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Lalit if you could just explain what this what this means exactly? 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, this ₹ 54 crore is nothing but the same period inventory which has 
happened during the year. So, the overall inventory has reduced by ₹ 54 
crore during the year. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Arun I think you can give a better idea. So, the operating what has led to 
this has been a more efficient manufacture of modular systems that we 
actually had better procurement of inventory, and we had better 
turnover of inventory. 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes, we could manage the inventory well. We utilize the old inventory, 
and also through standardization, we can decrease the WIP, because 
quite a few assemblies could be used in multiple places. The number of 
turns on inventory also has gone up marginally. Totally, our working 
capital has improved substantially. And we are once again on a negative 
working capital with a very good number. And we hope that we will 
continue this. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay. And sir what is the domestic market share right now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's in excess of 50%. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Also, historically, the number at 60%. So why is there a fall from 60 to 
50? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We're expanding our market as we speak, so we are capturing newer 
market segments. But there's some competitive intensity in the market 
as well. I think a lot of these factors are going and our focus is also more 
on export markets. The reason that we like to maintain a majority 
market share so that we are able to maintain our cost structures. And 
that has been a real impetus rather than actually capturing more market 
share in India, because India, as you know is not a lucrative market for 
us. It's not what drives our profitability. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Right sir. And one last question was, so what will be our export market 
share? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We don't have full visibility into the export market. The fact is that's a 
very difficult question to answer. What we do like to look at and as a 
benchmark for our success in the export market is the growth of our 
enquiry book. The reason I say that is getting an enquiry in a 
sophisticated space, like a steam turbine, is allowing the customer to 
view your offer. So, he's ready to accept you. And so that is a very big 
win for us and our conversion from enquiry book, but when they do 
come up is high. I wouldn’t like to share that number, but we do see 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
good conversion for my enquiry book to our order booking. So, I think 
that we do see increasing our penetration to the global market on an 
annual basis, actually it's happening on a quarterly basis. Now that we're 
selling above 30 MW as well internationally and having good market 
penetration, you will see this number rising only. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
And sir, finally, could you explain a bit on this supercritical CO2 turbine 
that you're working on? What is the progress, where are we each time? 
How's it globally panning out? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Like I said, this is a project that we first have to pilot and then we'll have 
to commercialize it. A part of it is in development, part of it is in 
engineering. And we have confidence in terms of the supply chain and 
manufacturers, some we have to develop. It's a little way away in terms 
of couple of years. But we think the solution, both on paper as well as 
testing is something that that we're working aggressively on with our 
partners such as Indian Institute of Science (IISc) as well as other 
academic institutions. We're optimistic that this can provide much 
better economics to our customers. Of course, there is some other work 
that we're doing on the transcritical side, which could show quicker 
results from piloting. But we added when that happens, we'd be happy 
to let you know, I think let it first get into some degree of piloting before 
we give you a more data on how it's performing. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Right. And this type of turbine is nowhere in application in the world 
currently, right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, we have heard this Siemens launching this with a company that they 
own called Ecogen, somewhere in Canada. And I think that Mitsubishi 
has also done some development on this line. I don't know how well it's 
commercialized yet. But very frankly, what we feel that Triveni Turbines’ 
development in this space being done at the same pace and at the same 
level that has been done by global peers. And so, it's also confidence in 
the fact that this technology will have more people promoting it. So 
that's also positive. We understand our cost structure and our cost 
structure is good. So ultimately, it's a question of market development. 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers and the large service win in 
export markets. I have two quick questions. First is on the hiring plan for 
what is the current strength for aftersales, sales force out of India? And 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
how should it ramp up in the next one to two years. So that's the first 
question. The second question is on breakup of API drive turbine 
servicing globally. How large is the market? And what percentage of total 
30-100 MW market is basically for aftersales for API turbines? Thank 
you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no, API turbines are all small. They're pretty much below five MW. 
So firstly, that's the segment. But you do have API power generation 
market, those are much more lumpy. And those are for power 
generation, not for drive. Nothing that is driven at such a high MW 
capacity. On the recruitment, as you know, in the last financial year, we 
added nearly 10% to our workforce, our plans in this financial year are 
quite aggressive as well. And from aftermarkets, in specific, I wouldn't 
like to give you a number of our service engineers and how many we're 
adding, because, it is little sensitive. But suffice to say, our strategy is to 
be closer to our customers. And so to that extent, what's more important 
is for us to have a greater degree of aftermarket personnel 
internationally. Sachin, can you provide Amit some insights into how 
you're seeing our recruitment? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes, so we will be definitely increasing our field force. We have been 
doing that consistently. And we don't just depend on our own engineers. 
We also have a network of trained service personnel in different markets 
that we have developed over the years. And they complement our own 
field force. There's a lot of supervision done by Triveni personnel 
themselves. And we are continuously looking at increasing our field 
force in services. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
What is the current mapped market in India only on refinery that Cogen 
or ethanol and what is the market size that we have for the India, total 
opportunity maybe to see the total pipeline? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
In the distilleries market, Prasad, can you give an insight as to number of 
distilleries you have in the enquiry book? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Today from the enquiry book wise, see the total commission of 
distilleries are 400 distilleries got the licensees, otherwise today active 
enquiry book is closer to around 40 distilleries in our enquiry pipeline 
from domestic market. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Thank you. And good luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question for today. 
And I'll hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in our Q1 
FY 23 conference call. I apologize for our technical glitches. We will try 
to remedy them for our next call. Thank you. Good bye. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity. Although efforts have been made to 
ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event, but should not be 
treated as an authoritative record.  
