= 
GOOD PEOPLE 
_for GOOD HEALTH 
  
August 9, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5*" Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051. 
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM 
Dear Sir, 
Subject: Transcript of investors/Analysts call 
Ref.: Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed 
please find Transcript 
of Conference 
Call scheduled 
for Investors and 
Analysts on August 5, 2022 at 2.00 p.m. IST in relation to results and developments for the 
first quarter ended on June 30, 2022. It is also available on the website of the Company. 
We request you to take this on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
/f hading 
Sandeep Phadnis 
Vice President — Secretarial 
& Company Secretary 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
CIN: L24390MH1976PLC019380 
CIN: L24390MH1976PLC019380 
Neelam Centre, ‘B’ Wing, 4" Floor, Hind Cycle Road, 
Cnergy IT Park, Unit A, 8" Floor, Appa Saheb Marathe Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai — 400030, T:+91 22 24822222 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai — 400025, T:+91 22 24395200/5500 
www.jbpharma.com

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
     
 
J B Pharma  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 5, 2022 
 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our vendor who 
manages the conference call. We would request you to go through the audio 
recording in case you want to reconfirm anything that has been mentioned in 
the transcript 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to J.B. Pharma Q1 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call as on 5 August, 2022. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'Souza, Vice President at J.B. 
Pharma. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thank you. Thank you, Stephen. Welcome to the earnings call of J.B. 
Pharma. We have with us today the management of J.B. Pharma, Mr. Nikhil 
Chopra, CEO and Whole Time Director; and Mr. Lakshay Kataria, Chief 
Financial Officer. Mr. Kunal Khanna has taken ill today, and as a result, is 
not able to attend this call. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks 
and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available on the Q1 
FY'23 results presentation that has been sent to all of you earlier. 
 
I would like to hand over the floor to Mr. Nikhil Chopra to begin the 
proceedings of the call and give his opening remarks. 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thanks. Thank you, Jason, and good afternoon, and a warm welcome to 
everyone joining us today for the discussion on the operating and the 
financial performance for J.B. Pharmaceutical during Q1 FY'23. I shall 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
commence with a review of our first quarter performance and share some 
thoughts on our business. Later on, our CFO, Mr. Lakshay Kataria, will 
continue with the financial highlights. After our remarks, we would be glad to 
engage with all of you over a discussion. 
 
Gentlemen, we are all on the call, we are pleased to report a healthy growth 
in top line underlined by strong sustained trends in the domestic business 
and complemented by robust improvement in our international business. It 
is heartening that we have been able to deliver this perf ormance despite the 
challenging operating environment. 
 
During Q1 FY'23, revenues on a reported basis increased by 30% year-on-
year to INR 785 crore. Domestic formulations delivered good growth and 
crossed a revenue INR 400 crore in a quarter. This is all-time high revenue 
that we have generated for India business as on today. Organic growth for 
domestic business was in mid-teens as compared to flat growth as reported 
in IPM for quarter 1. We continue to be the fastest growing company among 
the top 25 as per IQVIA MAT June '22 data. Our approach on enhancing 
field-force productivity is yielding intended results, so also our focus on 
driving our chronic business. 
 
As we nurture our new product launches in the adjacent therapies, our big 
brands continue to get bigger. Just to give you some perspective, our brands 
like Metrogyl, Cilacar-T, Nicardia have each further improvement their 
rankings within Top 300. J.B. Pharmaceuticals has also announced its 
prescription ranking and now stands to number 15 in IPM as per IQ. And 
also happy to report that J.B's. prescription base increased from 2.6 crore 
prescription in quarter 1 FY'22 to 4.09 crore in quarter 1 FY'23, growing at 
57%. 
 
Just to give brief highlights on what has been happening in our inorganic 
business that we acquired in last 6 to 8 months. The acquired product 
portfolio from Sanzyme has performed well, whereas in Sporlac, which is a 
leading brand in Sanzyme, we have seen market share gains. Azmarda 
represents an extension of our leadership portfolio in the cardiology 
segment. Heart failure is relative a new sub-segment and vastly 
underserved. We are presently in the investment mode for Azmarda and are 
witnessing good results month-on-month. Our teams on the ground are fully 
geared up with an end-to-end portfolio from hypertension to the prevention 
of heart failure. 
 
In keeping with our outline strategy to be present in high potential categories, 
we have also completed the acquisition of 4 paedia brands, on a combined 
basis, this account for INR 33 crore in sales in FY'22. This acquisition will 
provide J.B. a comprehensive portfolio with well-known brands to cater 
pediatrician as a specialty. It will increase our market coverage and align 
with our go-to-market model. 
 
Moving along, our international operations have demonstrated a healthy 
uptick in focus markets. South Africa is showing attraction in the generic 
segment across both public and private market. We are also seeing robust 
demand in tenders and new launches in private market in South Africa. 
Russia and CIS has shown a stable demand trend given the challenges. As 
all of you are aware, in the geopolitical realities, we continue to have a 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
cautious approach, and I'm happy to note that our receivables position is 
positive. 
 
In the CMO segment, we enjoy global leadership in the world of lozenges, 
more so in herbal and medicated varieties. We have grown the scope of our 
relationship with our key clients through continued new product development 
in both lozenges and liquid formulations during quarter 1 FY'23 as we 
reported. Also happy to share that we could surpass a revenue of INR 100 
crore for quarter 1 FY'23 in the world of CDMO segment, which is ever 
highest that we have achieved. With a strong order book position, we are in 
a comfortable position to drive this business further. 
 
The CMO business tends to be front-loaded with first 2 quarters of the 
financial year performing better than the later half. We are pleased with the 
progress that we have made in last 2 years in transforming our company and 
business. There is a scope to further improve our share in the domestic 
market through a combination of better growth in core therapies, whereas 
we are continuing to support the line extensions and developing new brands. 
 
The emphasis on growth is clearly coming across with operating parameters 
building up as per plan. Our aspiration in domestic market is to make our big 
brands bigger, focus on both market share and prescription gains for our 
acquired portfolio and organic portfolio, target focused life cycle 
management in existing brands and pursue new brand launches, which will 
continue to do as committed. 
 
There is an exciting opportunity to be had in the international operations as 
well, where we have selective approach and are focusing identified 
geographies as well. In case of international market, we will continue to 
benefit from consistent execution in the world of CMO segment through new 
launches as well as adding new partners, healthy mix between private and 
public market in South Africa and continued demand revival in selected RoW 
markets. As the corporate growth accelerates and the business mix 
enhances, we shall see a transition into maintaining or increasing our 
EBITDA margins, given our disciplined focus on cost optimization initiatives. 
 
That brings me to the conclusion of my remarks, and I would like to call upon 
now Mr. Lakshay to share his views more on the financial performance for 
the quarter. Over to you, Lakshay. 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Thank you, Nikhil. A very good afternoon to all of you, and welcome to our 
Q1 earnings call. I will now take you through the financial highlights of the 
quarter. On the revenue front, the domestic business and international 
business reached new highs during the quarter. The reported revenue 
growth of 30% comprised of 20% organic growth and the rest coming 
through the new acquisitions made last quarter and this quarter. The 
depreciation in rupee vis-a-vis dollar also aided our growth. 
 
Overall, for the quarter, the domestic business reported a revenue of INR 
418 crore, and international business reported a revenue of INR 366 crore, 
which is a growth both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. The gross 
margin for quarter 1 came in at close to 63% compared to 64% in the 
previous year. Excluding Azmarda, gross margins for the business were 
relatively flat. 
 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
The gross margins, as you all know, have taken the impact of inflationary 
pressure in terms of input costs, packing material costs, which have been 
managed through a slew of cost management and pricing initiatives. The 
good news is that we've seen softening in certain packing materials like 
aluminums and also on the international freight costs. But given the 
continued volatility that we see on the geopolitical and the economic front 
globally, we continue to monitor the situation, particularly for the fuel supplies 
and API prices. 
 
Overall, we hope to sustain the gross margin closer to 64% for the fiscal with 
the March improvement coming through in Azmarda margins on the expiry 
of LOE. Given the high inflation prevailing across the world, we've been 
trying to maintain our operating margins in the range of 24% to 26%, and 
this quarter's operating margin was in line with our guidance. 
 
On the EBITDA front, the Q1 FY'23 operating EBITDA was at INR 190 crore, 
including an adjustment for non-cash ESOP charge of INR 17 crore. This, 
when compared to Q1 FY'22, operating EBITDA of INR 164 crore is a growth 
of 16% year-on-year. During the quarter, the employee expenses, excluding 
ESOP charges, have increased by 19% on account of the annual increments 
and the integration of the workforce from acquisitions. Operating expenses 
have now largely normalized with the normalization of operations post-
COVID, baking of operating expenses of acquired businesses and increase 
in freight and power and fuel expenses. 
 
Depreciation during the quarter was at elevated level due to amortization of 
acquired brands. The PAT for the quarter came in at INR 105 crore, which 
saw a year-on-year decline of 12% on account of higher treasury income in 
the previous year, non-cash ESOP cost, which was not present in the same 
quarter last year, depreciation of the acquired brands and finance costs. On 
the cash flow generation also, I'm happy to report the business continued its 
strong trajectory. Overall, we ended with a debt of INR 325 crore, which was 
largely to fund the acquisition of Azmarda. And on the cash and investment 
front, we ended with cash of over INR 180 crore compared to INR 56 crore 
last quarter. 
 
That's all from my side for now. We would now like to open this forum for an 
interactive session with all of you, and we'll be happy to respond to your 
questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now on the CMO business, we saw a very good traction this quarter. So if 
you can just comment on what led to the growth on the CMO business this 
quarter in terms of which clients and which markets contributed to growth? 
And then the second part on the CMO business, you have indicated that the 
CMO revenue tends to be front loaded in 1H of every year. But last year, in 
fiscal '22, the second half was heavier for the CMO business. So given the 
growth which you have seen on the CMO business in 1Q, what is your 
outlook for the CMO business for the full fiscal '23? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, Rahul. This is Nikhil Chopra. So overall, we saw the demand coming 
across all the markets outside India because the CDMO business, what we 
do is outside India. And this was overall more happened because of the 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
cough and cold, which where our major dominant portfolio is. Equally, if you 
look at in quarter 4 last year, we could see the surge happening, which has 
continued in quarter 1. And as I see, because this all businesses, we do with 
all the multi-national partners and for them, quarter 3 of ours is the last 
quarter for them. So the way we are seeing trajectory this year that the 
orders for our CDMO business are more front-loaded, that is what we see 
and that is what I commented that we have a robust order book for at least 
next 3 to 4 months. 
 
And overall, as the year-end comes and Christmas comes in, there we see 
overall demand overall being tepid, and they keep enough stocks to cater 
the market. Our guidance for overall year for CDMO business, the way 
trajectory we are looking at and this quarter, we could plunge INR 100 crore, 
we will continue to see plus/minus 10% demand for which we have order 
book for next 3 to 4 months. And overall, the contribution that, Rahul, we 
have been talking from this business, which was last year 10%, and this 
year, we are seeing this business contribution should be close to around 
13% to 14% for overall business. That is what I can say at this moment of 
time. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So you are saying that FY'23, the CDMO business contribution to full year 
revenues will be around 13%, 14%? 
 
Nikhil Chopra:  
 
Yes. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And sir, second question on the India business. You spoke about the organic 
growth for our India portfolio being mid-teens. But if you can also comment 
quantitatively on how Sanzyme and Azmarda have grown during the quarter 
because on Sanzyme, you have been trying to implement this prescriber 
overlap as well as geographical synergies, which you see between your and 
Sanzyme portfolio. So anything which you could highlight on the growth 
trends for both Sanzyme and Azmarda? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So overall, both the assets, Rahul, which is a combination of Sanzyme, let 
me start with Sanzyme, we are seeing a monthly render of around INR 12 
crore to INR 13 crore. And this is showing growth of mid to high teens, that 
is what I can say at this moment of time. And the overall plan that we have 
put in place with 3 benefits that we enjoyed, J.B. as compared to Sanzyme 
as an entity was more from a prescriber base, more from a geographical 
footprint and equally life cycle management. So we have started seeing 
some benefits coming out of geographical footprint and prescriber base. 
More from life cycle management, you should see a couple of more products 
coming into the market in next 2 to 3 months. That is where we stand from 
Sanzyme as an entity. 
 
Equally, when you look at Azmarda, our monthly run rate is now around 
close to INR 7 crore to INR 8 crore, that is where we stand. More so, we are 
in an investment mode as Lakshay stated, more so in terms of looking at 
how much more we can get patient pool and more and more patients getting 
diagnosed because as you are aware, last time also I had commented that 
the incidence of heart potential patients in India of heart failure are close to 
11 million to 12 million patients and the treatment today which has been 
offered is close to around 15% to 20% patients are getting treated. So the 
emphasis is how more and more number of patients can get diagnosed with 
the help of 2D and 3D echo, that is the intention. And we have a dedicated 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
teams, who are going and promoting this product to cardiologists and 
physicians. And we are seeing good uptake in terms of more and more 
patients getting diagnosed and the run rate is close to around INR 7 crore to 
INR 8 crore, which should go up in the coming time. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And just one follow-up on Azmarda. so anything which you could comment 
on how the market would form out, post the patent expiry in December '22? 
Anything which you would have seen in the Sitagliptin market, which you can 
conclude for Azmarda as well? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, there are cases in terms of when you saw what happened with 
Vildagliptin and now what you are seeing happening with Sitagliptin, there 
are more than 100 brands in the market. But what I would like to point out 
that as compared to Vilda and Sitagliptin, heart failure is a very specialized 
market. Obviously, we will see more than 50 players coming in, price erosion 
will happen, but obviously the brand which stands will have its own value. 
So we are keeping fingers crossed in terms of the overall strategy that we 
will put in place when the LOE sets in. 
 
And right now, what is stopped on the agenda is to how to at least have 
critical mass of patients who are getting diagnosed, and this is overall more 
beneficial for the patient community and post LOE sets in, let us look at it in 
terms of where the price sets in because it will be overall more benefit for 
the Indian population who will be getting quality medicine at affordable price. 
And if the overall uptake, which I'm telling that around 15% to 20% 
population today or the potential people who are suffering are getting the 
treatment, it may go up to 30%, 40%. That is what is going to happen. That 
is what I can say at this moment of time. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Just one last question before I join back the queue. So if we look at the 
comment that our gross margins are flat except Azmarda, then that implies 
that Azmarda has impacted our gross margins by 150 basis points to 160 
basis points. But at least the calculations, which I'm working with, per my 
calculations, the impact should have been around 90 basis points. So the 
impact on account of Azmarda seems to be higher on the gross margin side. 
So if you can please explain that. 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Rahul, let me pick that. Yes, you're right. The impact is actually higher 
because this was transition period. So we wanted to make sure there is 
continuity of supply, and we had to incur certain extra cost in terms of air 
freighting, etc. and sourcing, which we've done to make sure during the 
transition period, we do not lose out on the volume. But the impact on gross 
margin is, yes, significantly higher than 90 basis points. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. So going forward, can we expect that the impact would be closer to 
100 basis points then on a normalized basis? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
I think it will take some more time as the inventory sort of transitions as we 
consume the opening inventory, I think it will probably be Q3, where you’ll 
see some relief. And as we come out of LOE in Q4 is when you will see a 
significant improvement in the gross margins. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So sir, in the Capital Markets Day that you’ve hosted, you had mentioned 
that there's a chance that J.B. Chemicals margins might take a hit in FY'23 
because of the high cost of procurement for raw material and other stuff, 
which was toward second half of FY'22. But since you mentioned that on a 
Q-on-Q basis, the gross margin was stable as much as Azmarda, just trying 
to reconcile, there should have been some bit of gross margin hit, right? Or 
why hasn't that happened? 
 
I'm asking is that your gross margins are stable on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. But in the Capital Markets Day, you had highlighted that J.B. 
Chemicals which will be working with higher cost of inventory in FY'22 
because there was a lot of procurement that was done towards second half 
of FY'22. So basis that, shouldn't the gross margins come under pressure in 
this particular financial year, but Q1 you have supported stable gross 
margin? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So that is what Lakshay stated earlier that when you see the gross margin, 
which we reported last year was close to 64%. 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
 
We were at 65%. 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
65%, then this quarter, if you see our gross margin is close to 63%. So there 
is a 1.5% dip that we see. That is what we will see for next 3 to 4 months. 
And once the LOE expires for Azmarda, overall, the gross margins will go 
up in a significant way and will come back to our gross margin trajectory by 
quarter 4. 
 
Nikhil Mathur:  
 
Sorry, sir. I'm not clear. In 4Q, reported 66% gross margin. 
 
Jason D’souza: 
Nikhil, I think the product mix is very different between Q4 and Q1, and thus 
that comparison is not apt. 
 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. So you believe that the impact of higher raw material costs is there in 
this particular quarter? 
 
Jason D’souza: 
Yes, that's what we stated, that higher raw material cost is there in the 
quarter. 
 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. And sir, you also had given up EBITDA margin guidance of 24% to 
26% for FY'23. We have done 24% this particular quarter, and you have also 
mentioned that you are starting to see some things starting to soften now. 
So can it be assumed that from 2Q onwards, the margin could possibly 
towards the higher end of this range? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, Nikhil, if you look at our operating EBITDA margin is still 24% plus. So 
the guidance that we have given is a guidance of range between 24% to 
26%. So you will see some quarter 25%, some quarter you will see 26%, 
maybe we can get back to 24%. So that is our guidance that we are putting 
across because you are living in a very volatile world. Please understand the 
overall geopolitical issues, the currencies, the receivables, all those things 
have to put in place. So somewhere we are seeing some tailwinds in terms 
of the commodity price going down overall, but there are tailwinds in terms 
of the fuel and gas price is going up. So that up and down will happen, and 
that is how we have guided for the year, 24% to 26% margin. 
 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nikhil Mathur: 
And sir, one final question on the acquisitions that the company is 
undertaking. So the pediatric brands from Dr. Reddy, Azmarda did. Any 
synergies that we see with the existing portfolio because on the face of it, 
the multiple seems to be slightly on the higher end of these acquisitions, but 
can they be complemented with some higher sales of existing portfolio, 
which can be cross sell by the same set of medical reps? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So Nikhil, a very good question. And if you look at the 4 brands that we have 
acquired from Dr. Reddy's, they now are being promoted by our team, which 
are 300 people under the division of Nova, who already are promoting 
respiratory and pediatric products. So if you look at what we are trying to do 
is to position ourselves as a company in the clinic of pediatrician, which will 
be more getting in the world of gut product promotion, which is a combination 
of Rantac Syrup that we have, Exotus syrup that we have. And now we have 
got Z&D, equally we have got a brand, which is Pecef, which is antibiotic, 
which has got a good starting point. 
 
So this will, over a period of time, probably we'll be able to add more color, 
very initial studies that we are into. You will see probably Q3 onwards where 
we'll be able to share more information in terms of how the tax rate is 
happening in terms of the acquisition that we did of this 4 brands.Azmarda, 
we have a team, field force of around 180 to 200 people who are promoting 
Azmarda as a brand, and we are looking at 1 or 2 product additions that we 
will do over a period of time within the team more in the field of cardiology, 
maybe in the world of arrhythmias. So all those synergies will come into 
place. That is what we are looking forward. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Aggarwal from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Just a couple of clarities. First, the sales force incremented the total, 
including supervisors, etc. has gone from 2,100 to 2,500. So the delta 400, 
Nikhil, you just mentioned Azmarda may be taking 200 delta and the 
remaining 200 is all at Sanzyme because I still remember Sanzyme when it 
came to you, they had about 300, 325 people. Can you just clear the math 
here? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. So J.B. is organic, we were having 2,000 people, 300 people are now 
as a part of team for Sanzyme and 200 people are a part of team of Azmarda. 
So in totality, we have 2,500 people. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Okay. And for this pediatric acquisition we've done from Dr. Reddy's, what's 
the payback period do you have in mind for that? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So generally, a payback period is 6 years. That is what task that we have 
taken. But as you see, what we are trying to do with Sanzyme and Azmarda, 
obviously, the expiration would be much more higher as compared to what 
we have committed to the Board. So we will look at how we can get it sub 6 
years. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
 
Okay. And the same applies that pediatric acquisition as well? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
You should track us quarter-to-quarter. You will get to know more in terms 
of how we are faring. 
 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Sure. And for this quarter, when we look at the base products for us, some 
of the larger products like Rantac and Metrogyl, how would they have grown 
for this quarter year, rough idea? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So they are growing low double-digit. That is where we stand because last 
year, if you look at particularly to talk about Rantac as a brand, it was a part 
of COVID regimen treatment. And today, where we stand and we had a very 
good season for Metrogyl. So we are working now at a very high base of 
both the products. So low double-digit growth is what we could achieve for 
the quarter. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
So when we look at the base business, the organic growth, so Cilacar would 
have grown at about high teens to 20% and the rest of the portfolio the 
Rantac, Metrogyl, Nicardia would have grown about low double-digit. That's 
the time framework we can work with? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So you can look at Rantac, Metrogyl, Nicardia growing at 12% to 14%. You 
can count on Cilacar brand growing at around 14% to 16%. Obviously, there 
are other brands also. There are other 10 potential brands, which we never 
talk about that we have in our kitty, just to give you an example, we have a 
product called Bizfer Xt, which is iron segment, which is a INR 1 crore brand, 
then we have brands like LAXOLITE, Zecuf syrup, there are many brands 
where we have seen very good uptake. Some of the new launches that we 
have done in the field of respiratory, they are also seeing good traction in 
terms of prescription. So overall, this is what you can assume 12% to 14% 
growth for our acute portfolio and close to mid-teen growth for our chronic 
portfolio. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Okay. And next question is on Sanzyme. How strong is seasonality in this 
portfolio? Is second quarter significantly high for this or one is significantly 
higher for this? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
You should see the same traction what you saw in quarter 1, probably 
quarter 3 onwards. Overall, the demand gets overall, you will see things 
going down. But what we are trying to do is we are looking at by that time if 
we have 1 or 2 good products in the terms of life cycle management that 
we'll be putting in the market, that is a plan. Now let us see in terms of how 
much we are successful in getting those products at that time. But rightly, so 
the first half of the year is overall a better demand for probiotic as a market. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
So Nikhil, how do we look at this molecule? If you run it to INR 12 crore, INR 
13 crore, so yearly-wise, give and take, INR 150 crore kind of number we 
guys can roughly work with for the Sanzyme portfolio? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So just to clarify that when we are talking about INR 12 crore to INR 13 crore 
revenue for Sanzyme portfolio, Sporlac is around close to INR 6 crore to INR 
7 crore. There are other parts in the portfolio, which is a combination of 
products for infertility, products for store management. There are some 
supplements. So overall, probiotic contributes around 60% and 40% we 
have rest of the portfolio. And you are rightly in terms of, we should see 
revenue traction for the year close to around between INR 140 crore to INR 
150 crore for the year. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
A couple of more questions. One is the CMO business. So just trying to 
understand this. You mentioned across markets, there was a little higher 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
orders from the customers. Now at the customer end, is this restocking about 
the inventory only the end market sales, they are seeing it higher because 
now you've seen 2 quarters, which is a very high demand. 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Obviously, the end customer demand is on the higher side. That started 
some time, I think, in mid of last year quarter 4, and that we continue to see. 
Probably the stocking part happens for us, calendar quarter is quarter 2. 
That is how things happen. And if the end customer demand continues to be 
there, then it should surprise all of us. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And Nikhil, when you talked about this can be 13%, 14%, so like very roughly 
your revenue this year will be about INR 3,000 crore. So roughly are you 
talking about INR 380 crore to INR 400 crore for the CMO business? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
No. We are not talking about INR 380 crore, INR 400 crore for CMO 
business. So if you understand the overall orders, this is the orders, which 
we procure for our CMO business are more frontloaded for H1 part of the 
calendar. As the festivity and the festive season starts more so Christmas 
and in western part of the world, probably there are holidays for 45 days, 60 
days, so that is how they at least look at stocking the products and look at it 
in terms of how they will be able to make the demand which will start coming 
for them in quarter 1, which is January onwards. For them, January to March 
is the first quarter and for us, January to March is the last quarter. So I don't 
want to get into any absolute figure on revenue we will do. But the trajectory 
that we are seeing is around INR 83 crore, if I'm not wrong, Lakshay, for 
quarter 4, INR 85 crore for quarter 4, INR 100 crore for quarter 1. We should 
be close to between these 2 figures probably in quarter 2. Quarter 3, we'll 
be able to give more color probably in our quarter 2 results commentary. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Sancheti from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Just a clarity again on CMO 
segment. So earlier, when you commented 13% to 14% of the overall 
revenues, that is what the CMO segment would contribute. That basically 
was not the contribution and it wasn't the growth which you were expecting 
for FY'23? 
 
Jason D'Souza: 
Rashmi, I think when you are modeling the CMO business, Nikhil clearly 
mentioned that in the first half, it is a heavier base and then the latter half it 
is subdued. So I guess when you're modeling the CMO business is best to 
look at a like of a mid-teens growth. That's what I think we are more 
comfortable with, and that's what we've kind of already guided to. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Okay. And coming to the domestic business, in the presentation, it is 
mentioned that the overall prescription base has become 4.09 crore. Can 
you just give a split between the GPs and the specialist prescription in this? 
And how does it look like in Q1 FY'22, I mean, last year? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Exact details, Rashmi, I don't have, but Jason can come back to you. But 
just to give you a rough guidance in terms of the way I see it would be around 
60%, 65% GPCB and around 30%, 35% specialist. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
This is as of today, right? I mean, generally, 60% to 65% is what we are 
running now. And how does it look like 1 year back? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. It would be 5%, 7% up. It would have been 60%, it would be 70-30. 
Please understand, then if you want exact details, we'll come back to you. 
 
Jason D'Souza: 
But the reason why we have given prescription, very strong prescription 
growth that clearly shows the kind of work that is happening at the doctor 
level and clearly shows how primary sales are also will get impacted 
because of this higher prescription. That's the reason we have indicated 
those numbers. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
And related to the South Africa sales, can you give the figures like what kind 
of growth we have seen and how many launches we have done in this 
business? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So in South Africa, it's been upwards of 25% growth during the quarter. And 
both public and private business continue to do well. Overall, from a new 
product perspective, sorry, I can't share those details on the call. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
 
And private public ratio would be 50-50 in this quarter also? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
 
Yes, roughly in that so. 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
And my last question is related to debt. If you can give the figure for FY'22 
between long-term debt and short-term borrowings? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So end of quarter, we had a debt of about INR 325 crore, of which roughly 
INR 300 crore was long-term debt, which was taken by acquisition of 
Azmarda and balance was working capital. And we had a cash and 
investment of about INR 180 crore plus at the end of the quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to Azmarda profitability. So when we 
spoke about the monthly sales of INR 7 crore to INR 8 crore, and on the 
gross margin level, the entire impact was largely alluded to Azmarda sales. 
Would it be fair to assume that currently at an EBITDA level, this would still 
not be a major contributor? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. In fact, Abdul, we've been guiding all of you that actually we are in an 
investment mode, particularly till the time the LOE expires. So actually, it's a 
negative EBITDA from the brand as of now. 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
So sir, I mean, from Q4 onwards, then once the LOE expires, I mean what 
is the kind of margin we should expect from this product? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Overall, I think we should aim for at least a company level of EBITDA. And 
like Nikhil said, obviously, there are moving parts. We need to see how the 
pricing, etc. pans on. But our minimum aspiration should be that we should 
do slightly better than the company average EBITDA on this portfolio. 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay. And sir, my final question was on the MR count. So we added close 
to 400 to 500 MRs for these 2 portfolios that we acquired. So sir, for future 
acquisitions, would you further go to increase your MR account in order to 
increase your reach? Or this will be largely absorbed within this existing? 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See it will all depend upon Abdul the type of opportunity which comes on the 
table. For example, let me give example of the 4 pediatric brands that we 
acquired, there was no addition of any medical representative on the ground. 
But equally for a specialized promotional products in the world of heart 
failure, you need to have a team because you already are having a revenue 
of INR 60 crore to INR 70 crore where we will need people to go and this is 
a big opportunity according to the heart failure is a disease of next decade. 
So it will all Abdul depend upon the type of portfolio, whether we can fit that 
portfolio within our existing business or we want to give it or we see better 
opportunity in having field force, which will give justice to the acquired 
brands. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
Sir, the first question is around sacubitril Azmarda. Dapagliflozin also has an 
indication expansion for heart failure. And NIH data from U.S. actually shows 
dapagliflozin has better outcomes than sacubitril. You already have DAPA 
with you. So I was just wondering what’s the thought process or rationale 
behind going into sacubitril as well? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, dapagliflozin has been promoted by different team. And you are right, 
absolutely right in terms of dapagliflozin has a role in patients with heart 
failure. But we are not a big player in the world of dapagliflozin, and we're 
making slow inroads. But if you look at sacubitril/valsartan the product has 
been there in the in U.S. market for last now, I think a decade. And Jason 
correct me that, it's a $4 billion product for Novartis. So it has got a lot of 
studies and supporting evidence in terms of what sacubitril/valsartan bills on 
the table as compared to dapagliflozin. So that is how we have taken a call 
of looking at the primary therapy in heart failure is going to be 
sacubitril/valsartan and dapagliflozin will have its own role. And once I think 
the LOE expires, probably you will see not much difference in the price point 
of both the products and you may see better uptake of sacubitril/valsartan, 
which has got its own benefit and improvement in the quality of life of the 
patients who are suffering from heart failure. 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
 And the reason I was asking was also one more reason I was asking is 
because these are possibly very comorbid conditions, both diabetes and 
heart failure for a fairly significant chunk of the population, especially in India. 
So from an Indian context, you feel what worked in U.S. would equally work 
well in India as well? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So if you look at for our products, which is a patented product to generate a 
revenue of around INR 500 crore in 4 years for its existence in India itself 
talks about the strength of the molecule. And there are enough evidence 
available in Indian population also. And when we are going and talking to 
the top cardiologists of the country, they are very much very aligned in terms 
of the stage 3 and stage 4 patients of heart failure where they are using 
sacubitril/valsartan as a starting therapy. And at some given time, as LOE 
expires and the medicine will become more affordable, you will start seeing 
acceptance of sacubitril/valsartan in stage 2 part of the journey of the patient 
also. 
 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
 Sir, and on your acquired Sanzyme portfolio, if you could give us a little 
more sort of detailed understanding as to how post acquisition Sporlac and 
Lobun and some of the other brands are working out and how you're 
strategizing around these because overall, you've indicated they're growing 
well in the mid-teens, but is there a difference between how Sporlac is picked 
up and how Lobun and the others are doing? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So this entire entity of Sanzyme is into 3 clusters. The cluster 1 is Sporlac 
and different variants of Sporlac, which is 60% of the revenue where we 
have seen market share gain. And quarter 1, if you look at Sporlac as a 
brand, which has grown at 26% as compared to Bifilac and Vizylac which 
have grown at around 18%, 20%. So we are seeing good uptick in terms of 
prescription for Sporlac. And the intention going there is what I spoke earlier 
that how do we at least encash the J.B. strength of GPCB prescriber base, 
which is today very much giving us benefit for Rantac and Metrogyl as a 
brand. And equally, in next couple of months, you should see some more 
variance of Sporlac, which will be premium priced to be in the market. That 
is point number one. 
 
Point number two, which I have spoken earlier also, Oxalo and Lobun are 
class probiotic, high-priced probiotic more for chronic kidney disease patient. 
And there, we are going to nephrologists, the intentions are how do we 
generate more scientific data and make this brand bigger. These both 
brands contribute around 15% to 20% of the revenue, and we are seeing the 
June uptick because J.B. as a company, we cover all 2,000 nephrologists 
and we have got a very good prescription uptake from nephrologists as a 
specialty for our Cilacar, Cilacar-T, Nicardia. So there, we enjoy equity. 
 
Third part of this business is, business in the world of women health, more 
so in the world of infertility, which is once again, 15% to 20% of the revenue 
where we have teams who visit around 1,200 in fertility clinics. And there 
also, we are on the verge of doing life cycle management in terms of the 
portfolio gap that we see. So that should also see overall uptick, probably it 
will take more time because this is a highly intensified competitive market 
where we have very big players who enjoy better market share. So this is 
what commentary I can give on what we have observed in last 3 to 4 months 
of operation of Sanzyme as entity. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish from IIFL AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish: 
Sir on the CMO business, obviously, we have plans to double the scale, but 
then would we be sticking to medical lozenges? Or you feel there is an 
opportunity for us to diversify then grow the business accordingly? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So the entire opportunity on the table for CMO business is twofold. First is, 
how do you widen your portfolio? And earlier also what I have shared that 
we want to venture into areas like sleep disorders, motion sickness, oral 
thrust, sexual wellness, acid reflux disorders. So there are some proof of 
concepts which we have developed, and we have shared with our partners. 
And this understand getting into new category of business and when you get 
a reference product, when you develop the product, you have to share with 
your partners, they do their own research and then they come back 
depending upon what potential the product has. So that is a process which 
is on. That is point number one. And that as and when happens, we'll be 
more than happy to share. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Equally, the business development work that we are trying to do is to add 
more partners because we have enough capacity in terms of the lozenges 
that we can make and look at working with more partners across the globe, 
maybe in the Eastern part of Europe, some parts of Russia, some parts of 
Southeast Asia. So there are some more partners where have been on. So 
as and when things proceed, we'll be more than happy to share with all of 
you. 
 
So just to share with you, Reckitt we started for their brand called Strepsil in 
Australia as a market. Now we are looking at opportunity with Reckitt in 
Russia, in Southeast Asia. So that is how things happen. But this business 
has got its own gestation period that has to be understood. We were 
fortunate enough that we could see a good uptick because of supposedly 
more a seasonal flu type cough and cold season, which probably has 
happened in Western part of the world in where our partners are in 
Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Canada, South Africa, Russia, 
where our partners sell these products. 
 
And this is what we want to do in the world of CMO, and we have got all the 
capabilities and we have got all the capacities. That is where I see and it's a 
differentiated entire approach where we can bring enough opportunities on 
the table. And it takes time for any company to get into this scale of having 
partners whom we have been working for last now 2, 3 decades and equally, 
rightly also have the capacity to add more partners. 
 
And third part is to get into new age portfolio because what COVID has 
taught us that cough and cold will be more seasonal, but immunity, wellness, 
motion sickness, sleep disorders, these are the new areas where our 
customers are looking forward if this therapeutic delivery can come in the 
world of lozenges, which has to be overall low dosage form. 
 
Ashish: 
So to double the scale from, say, INR 250 crore to INR 500 crore, would you 
need very high investments? Or you feel we already have the facilities at our 
disposal? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
We have the capability to manufacture 2 billion lozenges across the year. 
Right now, our output is close to 1 billion plus. That is where we stand. So 
we have enough capacities. 
 
Ashish: 
Got that, fair enough. And another question was on these branded markets 
of Russia CIS. Obviously, we had plans to launch 2 to 3 products every year. 
And obviously, on the OTC side and there on build on the legacy, but how is 
the market shaping up currently? Because the larger distributors control 
almost around 50% of the market. So given the current construct around 
Russia, Ukraine, how this market panning out? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So the way we've seen quarter 1 pan out, it is not the strongest sort of quarter 
for us because of the seasonality of the portfolio we offer. Usually, we start 
seeing traction towards July, August. So sequentially, we do expect the 
traction to get better. And as far as the new launches are concerned, we are 
pretty much on path. So we haven't sort of made any change to our strategy 
on that part of our business. 
 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ashish: 
Okay. And any time on the South African generic market, you would like to 
contribute because so much less talked about market. I understand it's a 
smaller proportion of the overall skin, but still. 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Like I mentioned, during the quarter, we saw upwards of 25% growth, and 
both public and private business continue to do well. And our focus there 
has really been to sort of scale up that subsidiary, and it's pretty much on 
track. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Neelam Punjabi: 
I wanted to understand if you can just comment on your Russia business. 
How has it done during the quarter? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So like I mentioned, this is not the strongest quarter for Russia because of 
the portfolio that we carry. This is usually a bit of a leaner quarter, but the 
demand has held steady year-on-year. So I think the business overall hasn't 
sort of seen any deterioration on headwinds. And as we now get into Q2 and 
as you know, we start getting for the cough and cold season, etc. it should 
start seeing better traction from this quarter onwards. And on the receivables 
side, also, we've seen decent traction in the last quarter. 
 
Neelam Punjabi: 
My second question is on your PAT. So if I look at over the last 2 years, our 
revenues and EBITDA have grown quite well. But on the PAT level, we are 
largely flat, which is understandable given the soft cost, higher depreciation 
due to acquisitions and loss of treasury income. But going forward, what's 
the trajectory that we can see in terms of earnings growth? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Let me just explain you, I think, a little bit more conceptually as how we look 
at it as a management team. When we started this journey on acquisition, 
we had a cash of about INR 700-odd crore. It was earning us about INR 50 
crore a year. We've invested it in a business called Sanzyme, which we 
brought EBITDA of about INR 50 crore a year. We feel that this INR 50 crore 
in the next 4 to 5 years can become INR 100 crore, right? That's our 
hypothesis and that was the whole logic of buying this business. 
 
So we personally feel that while there will be a depreciation hit and the 
treasury income has gone away, but we've created a more sustainable 
income stream and a cash flow stream for the company. And given today's 
age and world where our treasuries across the board are struggling with 
varying yields and currencies and interest rates moving up and down, I think 
this whole strategy served us better. That's how we look at it as a 
management team. 
 
And to your question on PAT, I think if I look at it from a sequential basis, 
now ESOP costs are largely stabilizing. And as we move into Q2, Q3 of the 
year, they will sort of become comparable with the base as well because the 
base also carries ESOP cost and some of the treasury income also will get 
normalized. So you will start seeing the benefit of EBITDA growth also into 
PAT growth. So I think you have to bear for 1 or 2 more quarters in, you will 
sort of start seeing upward trajectory on the PAT as well. 
 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Neelam Punjabi: 
And if you look at ROCEs, they have come down from 42% to 22% given 
the acquisitions. Do we see this ROCE numbers going back to the historical 
levels as the growth from Sanzyme and the acquired portfolio companies? 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So I think when I look at 42%, I think I personally feel 42% was coming on a 
back when probably we were not investing as much into acquisitions and the 
business, right? And a lot of our sort of PAT, etc. was being driven by 
treasury income. Will we go back to 42%, maybe no. But can we get back to 
30%, 35% over the next 3 to 4 years, for sure. But I just want to caveat this 
understanding, this also depends on overall our M&A strategy and further 
investments that we may choose to make. So that will come and explain to 
you as and when those opportunities arise. But with the portfolio we have as 
of today, can we go back to 30%, 35%, for sure. 
 
Neelam Punjabi: 
And sir, you have been a guidance of 24% to 26% EBITDA margin this year, 
do we start seeing our historical FY'21, 27% margin that will starting next 
year? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, Neelam, very difficult to talk about next year because please 
understand the guidance that we are giving is on the basis of the volatile 
world that we are living into, at some given right now, we are seeing some 
tailwinds in the case of commodities, in the case of freights stabilizing. But if 
you look at still there are pressures in terms of gas, in terms of fuel, in terms 
of currency volatility, in terms of RMPM procurement for some specific 
products. 
 
So net-net what we are looking at that how overall the EBITDA margins 
should flow from delivering market beating growth. That is the intention going 
ahead, and we are building an organization, which is more future ready, 
which is more into progressive portfolio. Never we have launched new 
products in the world of RoW market. You will see us launching new products 
in the world of RoW market next year, which are more progressive in nature, 
which are more in the world of cardiology, diabetology. So those will need 
investment. 
 
Equally, we now have a team of 2,500 people on the ground in terms of if 
what earlier was spoken that the payback period has to be sub 6 years. So 
we have to make the right investment in terms of how do we drive better 
prescription traction. And from 2 crore, if we have 1 crore to 4 crore 
prescription, why not to aspire for 6 crore prescription in the coming time by 
making right investment. So we are looking organization from a theme of 
invest to grow, that is what is the intention. 
 
And equally, a huge opportunity in terms of what we are ranking in the world 
of CMO business, where there are new proof of concepts which are in the 
entire journey of development. So these all things will play as and when 
things stabilize. Once things stabilize, we'll be able to give better direction in 
terms of what trajectory of EBITDA margin we are looking at. And we plan 
to do some time that in quarter 3 as we see things normalizing. 
 
Neelam Punjabi: 
And just one last question on my end. Given we have acquired Dr. Reddy's 
like pediatric portfolio 4 brands. And our current depreciation as of Q1 is INR 
26 crore. How much will it go going forward? 
 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
The DRL acquisition will not impact so much, the annualized impact of that 
portfolio will be about INR 5 crore again. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question for today from the line of 
Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now the 57% prescription growth, which we have indicated for the quarter, 
does that include Sanzyme and Azmarda as well? And if yes, can you please 
talk about how over organic prescriptions would have grown? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
We can come back to you on that data, but this includes Sporlac and 
Azmarda. That is what I can say at this point of time. And please understand, 
this was on a low base. That is how you see 57% growth. But the agenda 
going ahead is what I've spoken Rahul, earlier also that how do we start 
getting more and more prescription from the specialist. And more so, PYD 
has also increased in a big way. That is the number of prescriptions which 
we are getting from the same doctor is also showing encouraging and 
healthy data. 
 
So we are trying to look at prescription from a view of how do we have a 
fundamental strong base of prescribers and more so coming from the 
specialists because from a GPCB base, we have got now a prescription for 
Rantac, Metrogyl, Sporlac, which are 3 big brands in the country. So we are 
looking at that new products that we have launched, which should be coming 
from specialty, which is in the case of cardiology, nephrology, pediatrician, 
Chest physician, diabetology, that is the agenda. That is why we wanted to 
share in terms of we have seen uptake in prescription overall and the PYD 
also is increasing, and we are seeing some uptake in terms of the 
prescription uptake from the specialists. But more data, Jason can share 
with you probably in a day or so. 
 
Jason D'Souza: 
But, Rahul, just one point. This is IQVIA data. So if it is there in the base this 
year, it is also there in the base last year, Sanzyme and the other brands. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
 
Okay. So this is like-for-like growth for the overall portfolio? 
 
Jason D'Souza: 
 
Right. Correct. That's correct. 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And just one follow-up, sir. So on the specialist doctor coverage, so what is 
our doctor coverage on the specialist side as of now in terms of our coverage 
and how do you see it expanding over the next, let's say, 2 to 3-year period? 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
We don't want to expand. See Rahul, we are covering close to 3.5 lakh 
doctors. And I think the specialty coverage would be close to around 1.5 lakh 
doctors. We have enough doctors that we are covering. Please understand 
what I was trying to talk earlier, that we are looking at how do we start getting 
prescriptions from the doctors who are today not supporting us and how do 
we start getting prescription from the doctor who are already giving us 
prescription, that is what we want to do. So we don't want to start covering 
5 lakh doctors. That is what we don't want to do and what earlier also I have 
spoken that we do in short to mid-term, we don't have any plans to increase 
the field force. 
 
Basically, the agenda going ahead is how to at least have a motivated, better 
trained, charged field force on the ground who are doing the right job, getting 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
into the world of digital retailing, getting into the world of retailing progressive 
portfolio, helping them in terms of how we can get into the world of medical 
marketing, conferences that we can hold and at least come close to the 
doctor community. Wherever at least we want to play, we want to win. That 
is what we want. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for their closing comments. Over to you.  
 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thanks very much, Stephen. I think with that, we have run out of time. So I 
would like to thank all the participants who have attended the J.B. Pharma's 
Q1 FY'23 call. With this, we would like to conclude the earnings call. Thank 
you, everyone. 
 
Nikhil Chopra:  
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of J.B. Pharma, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
