~ 
BLUE STAR 
August9, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Serio Code: 500067 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Blue Star Limited 
Band Box House, 4th Floor, 
254 D, Dr Annie Besant Road, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India. 
T : +91 22 6654 4000 
F : +91 22 6654 4001 
www.bluestarindia.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Svmbol: BLUESTARCO 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015 (the 
'Listing Regulations') - Earnings Call Transcript for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2022 
With reference to our letter dated July 15, 2022, and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read 
with Part A of Schedule Ill of the Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith the 
Earnings Call Transcript pertaining to the Financial Results for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2022, of the Company. 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.bluestarindia.com 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Blue Star Limited 
~ ~ 
~rte 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
\\172 16 31. 16\Legal ard Seetelanal Oocumen?s'<01)Blue Star L.mted\2022·23\Stock Excharge CompUnca\Reg 30 tlbnnabon and Up::jate\Eamngs Call Trarwalj1\Q1FY23 
Registered Office: Kasturi Buildings, Mohan T Advani Chowk, Jamshedji Tata Road, 
Mumbai 400 020, India. T: +91 22 6665 4000 F: +91 22 6665 4152. 
CIN: L 28920MH1949PLC 006870 

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Blue Star Limited 
 
 Q1 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. B. THIAGARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. NIKHIL SOHONI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
, 
 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Blue Star Limited Q1 FY’23 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management, Mr. B. Thiagarajan – Managing 
Director and Mr. Nikhil Sohoni – Group Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. Thiagarajan. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining this call today. As you’re 
aware, we had declared our Q1 FY23 Results yesterday. I thought that it is important for me to 
join this call as transition, as you may recall in May 2022 I joined the call along with Mr. Neeraj 
Basur, who had resigned at that point of time. 
I am pleased to inform you that Mr. Nikhil Sohoni has joined us as Group Chief Financial Officer 
with the effect from July 1, 2022. He is on the call today and as you may be aware, he joined us 
from Mahindra & Mahindra. He has over three decades of professional experience. He began 
his career in 1992 after spending his initial years with AF Fergusson and Co and Geoffrey 
Manners & Company. After that he was with Mahindra and Mahindra Group from 1995. He has 
handled various roles there in a diverse career spanning over 27 years.  
Nikhil had handled various facets of the finance and accounts function in Mahindra & Mahindra 
Limited.  He was Chief Financial Officer of Mahindra Automotives Limited, he was Vice 
President of Group Finance for the company. In his last role before joining us, Nikhil was 
designated as Senior Vice President, Group Finance and Group Treasury, Mahindra & Mahindra 
Limited. He will be reading out the opening remarks and after that, we will be answering your 
questions jointly. 
As you may have noticed, for the third straight quarter, we have delivered good results and it 
was backed by a very good summer season. The opening remark also will include the outlook.  
In the press release we had given our outlook as well.  We remain optimistic for the financial 
year FY23. Though there are several headwinds with regard to the global recessional fears, 
inflationary fears, there are issues related to global supply chain disruptions etc.  However, there 
are silver linings as well such as the softening of commodity prices and the low penetration rate 
in India for various air conditioning and refrigeration products.  Most importantly, we enter the 
last part of the value chain in a large building.  Air conditioning solution comes in post the 
construction of the building and even in home construction, this is one of the last few items that 
are equipped by the owners of the home.  
In the event of a slowdown, it takes time to impact the air conditioning refrigeration industry 
and similarly when there is revival also it takes time to impact. Our assessment based on market 
developments and order finalization is very optimistic about the prospects for FY23, but we have 
to keep watching how the market is moving. With that, I will hand it over to Mr. Nikhil Sohoni 
for his opening remarks. Over to you Nikhil. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Nikhil Sohoni:  
Thank you, Mr. Thiagarajan, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen, this is Nikhil Sohoni and 
it gives me immense pleasure to interact with you for the first time. I’ll provide you an overview 
of the results of Blue Star for the quarter ended June 2022. 
1. Financial Highlights: 
After two consecutive summers disrupted by the pandemic, this year witnessed normal summer 
without any restrictions. The growth momentum witnessed in Q4FY22 continued in Q1FY23 
with business and economic activities back to complete normalcy.  Consequently, demand for 
all our products and services surged as compared to Q1FY22 and also Q1FY20 which was the 
last comparable period. Coming on the back of the best Q4 in last couple of years for every 
business segment that we operate in, we are happy to inform that the performance was repeated 
for Q1 wherein we have outperformed in every business segment as compared to the Q1 of last 
3 years. 
Financial highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, on a consolidated basis, are summarized 
below: 
-Revenue from operations for Q1FY23 grew 87.3% to Rs 1970.32 cr as compared to Rs 1052.04 
cr in Q1FY22.  
-EBIDTA (excluding other income and finance income) for Q1FY23 was Rs 123.31 cr 
(EBITDA margin 6.3% of revenue) as compared to Rs 42.23 cr (EBITDA margin 4.0% of 
revenue) in Q1FY22.  Despite continued pressures on gross margin and supply chain disruptions, 
revenue growth, price increases and consequent scale impact coupled with continued focus on 
costs enabled improvement in the overall EBITDA margin for the quarter. 
-Profit before tax grew to Rs 100.69 cr in Q1FY23 as compared to Rs 19.23 cr in Q1FY22.   
-Tax expense for Q1FY23 was Rs 26.34 cr as compared to Rs 6.52 cr in Q1FY22.  
-Net profit for Q1FY23 grew to Rs 74.35 cr as compared to Rs 12.71 cr in Q1FY22. 
-Carried-forward order book as of June 30, 2022, grew by 23.8% to Rs 3901.48 cr, compared to 
Rs 3152.30 cr as on June 30, 2021. 
-Capital employed as June 30, 2022 marginally increased to Rs 1018.38 cr as compared to Rs 
969.83 cr as on June 30, 2021, owing to capital investments for the capacity expansion projects 
at Wada and Sri City.  
-Higher cash from operations coupled with continued focus on working capital management 
enabled us to end the quarter with a net cash balance of Rs 81.03 cr as compared to a net 
borrowing of Rs 68.47 cr on June 30, 2021 (debt equity ratio of 0.08 on a net basis). 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
-We had raised Rs 350 cr through issue of Unsecured Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD) in 
June 2020 in order to strengthen our Balance Sheet with a repayment tenor of 3 years with a call 
option to repay 50% of the NCD in May 2022.  Given our current strong cash position even after 
funding our capacity expansion plans, we redeemed NCDs to the tune of Rs 175 cr in June 2022.  
-We will continue to stay focused on healthy cash flows and mitigating the impact of cost 
escalations. 
II. Business Highlights for Q1FY23 
Segment I: Electro-Mechanical Projects & Commercial Air Conditioning Systems  
Segment I revenue grew 57.0% to Rs 793.43 cr in Q1FY23, as compared to Rs 505.24 cr in 
Q1FY22. Segment result was Rs 45.17 cr (5.7% of revenue) in Q1FY23 as against a profit of Rs 
20.03 cr (4.0% of revenue) in Q1FY22.   
Order inflow for the quarter more than doubled to Rs 1365.90 cr as compared to Rs 650.78 cr in 
Q1FY22. 
1. Electro-Mechanical Projects business 
With the onset of construction and capex cycle, order inflows from commercial building, 
factories, data center and infrastructure such as metro railway, water distribution and power 
distribution sectors picked up.  
We received a couple of major orders from the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation worth Rs 390 
cr. 
Carried-forward order book of the Electro-Mechanical Projects business was at record Rs 
2777.45 cr as on June 30, 2022, as compared to Rs 2232.13 cr as on June 30, 2021, a growth of 
24.4%. 
2. Commercial Air Conditioning Systems 
A healthy flow of opportunities across all the segments that we operate in coupled with the 
revival of demand from the retail, manufacturing, healthcare, and entertainment segments 
enabled growth for the commercial air conditioning business during the quarter.  
We have gained market share in all product categories and continued to maintain our number 1 
position in Conventional and Inverter Ducted Air Conditioning Systems as well as Scroll 
Chillers and second position in the VRFs and Screw Chillers. 
Some of the major orders received during the quarter were from Reliance Industries (Jamnagar), 
L&T – Railway Freight Corridor (Prayagraj, UP), Laxmi Diamond (Surat), etc. to name a few. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
3. International Business 
The economic activities in the GCC region continues to be good in the backdrop of higher oil 
prices.  Consequently, we witnessed healthy growth in inflow of enquiries.    
The newly entered markets of Nigeria, Bangladesh and Nepal have also responded well to the 
launch of our new and improved applied range of products.  
We have also commenced export of our deep freezers to the Middle East. 
Order inflow grew by 9% and revenue grew by 38% as compared to Q1FY22. 
The projects business in Qatar continued to do well. The operations of the joint venture at 
Malaysia continued to be impacted owing to competitive pressures in the region. 
We will continue to focus on the expansion of the Blue Star product range and building brand 
awareness and brand visibility in different markets that we are present in.   
Segment II: Unitary Products 
Segment II revenue grew 122.5% to Rs 1124.21 cr in Q1FY23 as compared to Rs 505.37 cr in 
Q1FY22. Segment result was Rs 91.13 cr (8.1% of revenue) in Q1FY23 as compared to Rs 21.77 
cr (4.3% of revenue) in Q1FY22. Margins for the segment improved owing to the impact of 
scale coupled with price increases undertaken to partially counter the impact of increase in input 
costs. 
1. Cooling and Purification Products business 
We witnessed strong demand for our room air conditioners, thus enabling a 163% growth in 
revenue from the business during the quarter compared with Q1FY22.  We surpassed sales 
achieved in the Q1 of pre-covid years with our new range of affordable mass-premium products 
being very well received by the market. We further strengthened our position as one of the 
preferred brands with first time buyers in Tier 3, 4 and 5 markets.  
We grew in line with the market and maintained a market share of 13.25%. 
2. Commercial Refrigeration business 
The commercial refrigeration business witnessed increased traction across all product categories 
with strong demand from the ice cream, processed food and pharma segments coupled with 
growth in demand for our supermarket refrigeration products from the retail segment. 
We continued to maintain our leadership position in Deep Freezers, Storage Water Coolers and 
Modular Cold Rooms. We also launched a new range of visi coolers with a wide capacity range 
to suit different customer needs. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
We received large orders during the quarter from players like Reliance Retail and Macleod 
Pharma and from several individual mushroom cultivation proprietors. 
Our new manufacturing facility at Wada commenced commercial production during the quarter 
with a new series of indigenously designed and manufactured hardtop and glass top deep freezers 
ready to be launched in the markets. 
Segment III: Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems 
Segment III revenue grew by 27.2% to Rs 52.68 cr in Q1FY23 as compared to Rs 41.43 cr in 
Q1FY22. Segment result was Rs 5.89 cr (11.2% of revenue) in Q1FY23 as compared to Rs 5.56 
cr (13.4% of revenue) in Q1FY22 owing to delay in execution of certain high value orders due 
to shortage of semiconductors.    
With the increase in corporate capex, we witnessed growth in demand across all the segments 
that we operate in. Order inflows from the Healthcare, BFSI, Industrial and a few Government 
sectors enabled growth in revenue for the quarter. Revenue from the Data Security Solutions 
business also continued to contribute to our revenue growth. Demand for the Non-Destructive 
Testing business also gained momentum during the quarter. 
Major orders were bagged from HDFC Bank, Reliance Jio, Axis Bank, Grasim Industries and 
IDBI Bank Limited to name a few. 
With a wide portfolio of contemporary products and solutions forming part of our offerings, the 
prospects for this business segment continue to be positive. 
III. Business Outlook 
While the enquiries and order inflows continue to be good for our products and services, there 
will be headwinds due to inflationary pressures, weakening of Indian Rupee and global 
recessionary concerns.  Given the poor penetration in room air conditioners and the 
commencement of capex and construction cycles, we are optimistic about the prospects for the 
rest of the year.  Further, the softening of commodity prices and the on-going TCM program will 
help us to improve the margins. 
 With that, ladies and gentlemen, I’m done with the opening remarks. I would like to now pass 
it back to the moderator who will open the floor to questions. We’ll try and answer as many 
questions as we can. To the extent we are unable to, we’ll get back to you via email. With that 
we are open for questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Can you talk a little bit about UCPL in terms of what was the volume value growth, any price 
hikes taken during the quarter because unlike the rest of the peers, we have seen an improvement 
in margins on a Q-o-Q basis. And if you can also talk about within the segment, how much is 
RAC and what is the contribution of the other segments like commercial air conditioning? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
UCP as a segment title is used by one of our competitors.  For us, it is unitary products. We had 
increased the prices in the first week of April and maintain our position to review the prices 
again in August. Commodity prices had gone up and we have optimized the product mix from 
January onwards to address the belly of the market through the affordable premium range of 
products.  
We are also pursuing a total cost management program in order to optimize the costs. We have 
a long way to go for the net margin improvement. Compared to the net margins earned prior to 
the pandemic or the beginning of FY20 it had deteriorated, primarily due to the commodity 
prices.  Our goal will be to further improve the margins, while at the same time keeping a close 
watch on the current inventory level, outlook for the festival season and the movement in 
commodity prices.  While we are happy that to an extent we are able to improve the margins, 
we still have a long way to go in order to get back to the reasonable margin levels.   There would 
be also operating leverage with increased scale.  
The last part of your question is connected with whether we can disclose what is the room air 
conditioners and the other products within Segment-II, unfortunately it will become a selective 
disclosure and so, therefore we don’t want to get into that.  We do have a commercial 
refrigeration business as part of Segment-II.  In terms of margin profile, commercial refrigeration 
and room air conditioners will be almost identical.  We have maintained our market share and 
there is no product mix change within Segment-II. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, sir that clearly helps. Sir from the BEE rating which is gone effective from 1st of July, what 
is the kind of cost increase and further incremental price hike that we will need to take purely 
from a BEE rating perspective? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We have not increased the prices.  As we were all aware that from 1st July the BEE rating will 
change we had launched future ready models. A five star rated AC would have remained five 
star even after the energy label change. There is no reason to increase the price because, three 
star may become two star, five star may become three star, that’s all will happen in the energy 
label change. However, the new five-star conforming to new energy level standards would be 
costlier depending on the brand.  The thumb rule is that each label change would improve energy 
efficiency by 10% and will result in a cost increase of around 7%. Price is a factor determined 
by the market.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital 
Advisors.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
We have seen very good inflows in the EMP business that is electromechanical projects business. 
So, excluding the Bangalore order and Metro order also we have seen good traction, if you can 
throw some light on as to are there further large orders which are there in the pipeline. So, you 
can give a broad outlook as to which are the large contracts which are there? Apart from the 
large orders, which are the sectors which are showing traction and within the order book, how 
much is our exposure now towards industrial, commercial real estate, residential real estate, 
infrastructure, if you can give a broad breakup? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
To set the context on the customer segments, there is a developer related buildings business that 
is driven by office consumption.  There is a construction cycle on driven by infra projects that 
are social infrastructure projects where Blue Star has MEP offerings.  Core infrastructure such 
as construction of highways is not going to directly result in MEP order for Blue Star.  Broadly, 
infrastructure can be categorized into core infrastructure and social infrastructure.  Social 
infrastructure comprises airports, Metro railway, healthcare etc. which are segments which result 
in MEP order for Blue star.   In addition, the manufacturing CAPEX cycle has returned and a lot 
of manufacturing related investments are taking place in new manufacturing units that has a lot 
of MEP work to be executed. Then there is data center related expansion, data center consumes 
a lot of MEP work, so these are the broad segments.  
Order inflow is a function of inquiry build up, RFQs in the pipeline, so on and so forth. There is 
quite a bit of Metro Railway tenders which are yet to be finalized, there are water related MEP 
projects which are to do with water distribution in rural areas or tier three, four towns and getting 
executed by various state governments. There are enquiries for airports that will have to be 
constructed.  We were of the view that with the onset of the pandemic, the developer related 
buildings business will not grow because office space consumption itself was a question.  
However, we noticed increase in office consumption that is driven mainly by IT, ITES, as that 
sector is growing.   As far as the margin profile is concerned, it should be around 6% which we 
have been consistently delivering.   Our cash flow and the balance sheet are healthy and we 
would continue to focus on them.   These are important for us rather than market share in that 
particular business which is highly scalable, but we would like to do it in a steady manner t and 
in that context the other focus has been to earn a reasonable operating margin with a healthy 
cash flow.  
The segment also includes the commercial air conditioning equipment which we manufacture 
where we enjoy a good leadership position.  In that business, the focus would continue to be on 
product related innovation and keeping ourselves technologically advanced. Tier three, four, five 
towns are beginning to grow and offer opportunities for that business in sectors such as shops, 
showroom, boutiques and restaurants.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir and the 6% margins that you were talking about, given the fact that compared to say, 
a decade ago where there was intense competition at that point of time now, we are seeing many 
players are not looking at this particular category, correct me if I’m wrong. Can there be a upside 
risk  for this, can this be 8% or 10% over a two, three-year period? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
B. Thiagarajan: 
There are still competitors in each of the segments. In building there are set of competitors, in 
Metro railway there are set of competitors, in water there are set of competitors.   EPC business 
has its complexities and associated risks such as time and cost overruns. There a possibility this 
margin will move to 7%, but we are not willing to commit it at this point of time because of what 
the industry and we had gone through.  It is very important to ensure that we are able to deliver 
superior value.   Customers are not going to be giving a premium unless we demonstrate the 
difference in terms of superior value.  Therefore, there is a possibility margin can improve but 
we are not committing anything at this point of time. In the short term 6% margin is sustainable 
with a healthy cash flow. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naval Seth from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Naval Seth: 
I have two questions. First is on the demand perspective on unitary product segments. So, last 
time, you had stated that demand was moving in a very strong lane and you were expecting close 
to around 30% growth in the summer season and eventually 25% for the full year for industry. 
So, given the current season has gone now, would you like to change that number upward 
downwards and secondly, you had again given the current guidance on EBIT margin in the last 
communication, at that point in time commodity was still in a bull run. So, would you again like 
to revise that upwards on your margin guidance as commodities have cooled off significantly 
now? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We had always maintained that the industry should grow by around 25% and we will grow by 
around 30%.   There was good demand in March and April and there were reports of a possible 
60% to 70% growth leading to shortages etc.  Even at that point of time we had maintained that 
that the growth could be between 25% to 30% and Blue Star will grow ahead of the market as 
our goal has been to grow faster than the market and gain market share.  
The demand started slowing down from May onwards. May was lower than April, June was 
lower than May.  Over the past few years, the peak period is changing.  At some point of time 
June used to be the peak month of demand for the industry then it moved to June third week, 
June middle, June first week then May became the peak month.  Of late demand is peaking in 
March and April and that will be the trend as people tend to buy when the temperatures are 
shooting up and they are not going to wait for the end of the summer to buy.  In this year there 
was also another fear that the prices will go up and therefore dealers and customers may have 
purchased ahead of the usual time.  In the interim, there were also reports that the demand has 
completely slowed down.   There was an interest rate hike somewhere around May or June and 
therefore the consumer finance scheme costs would have gone up, the petrol prices also went up 
which could have impacted customer sentiments.  
At Blue Star, we had always planned ahead to secure the supply chain.  We looked at January to 
June for planning.   January to June 2019 was the last real summer season and compared to that 
we grew by 39% for the period January to June 2022 and we estimate that the market for the 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
same period should have grown by 30%, it is not Blue Star has outperformed the market by a 
huge margin.  
As far as the margin improvement is concerned, we don’t think it will improve in Q2 for the 
simple reason the commodities that are meant for Q2 would have come already in the pipeline. 
Another important factor to be borne in mind is when the commodity prices went up, our margin 
was not impacted immediately it took time because we had inventory of raw material procured 
earlier.   Similarly, the raw materials procured at higher prices will be in inventory for some 
more time.  Positive impact on margin should be visible sometime from September onwards. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Jeffries. 
Harsh Shah: 
I just wanted to know the absolute order flow for 1Q? 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
For first quarter the order flow for segment one is Rs 1366 crores and within that for EMP it is 
around Rs 746 crores.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The question is on the commercial refrigeration segment. Could you help us with what has been 
the growth in the industry in the current quarter and the indigenization efforts that you have 
undertaken with commencement of the products? What is the impact that had on the margins, 
I’m sure because depreciation would have come in the immediately but the utilization comes 
with a lag. These are my questions. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Growth in the commercial refrigeration would have been in the order of around 10% to 11%.  
The general expectation is that the business should grow at a CAGR of 15% or more. However, 
there is a lag here.  For instance, ice cream is a very important segment for the summer season 
and therefore, the ice cream manufacturer placed these deep freezers in Q4 itself they won’t wait 
for the summer season to buy the freezers. Similarly buying for the wedding and the festival 
seasons happens much ahead.   There would be demand build up from September and October 
onwards for the deep freezer segment.  There had been a decline in the demand for storage water 
coolers as in the offices, factories and public places the employees or the public are not 
encouraged to consume from the water cooler.  Storage water coolers generally grow at around 
7% to 8% and we didn’t see that kind of growth.  In our case, there have been multiple things 
that have been happening.  Firstly, in room air conditioner there is a good demand and hence we 
kick started construction of the Sri City plant which should get commissioned by October, 
November this year in about three, four months’ time.  In the Himachal Pradesh plant too, we 
are undertaking expansion in order to meet demand for the ongoing this season that ended and 
in the process, we shifted water coolers manufacturing from Himachal Pradesh to the Wada 
plant. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
In the process of this shifting we fell short of revenue by around Rs 10 crores to Rs 15 crores, 
but that is a onetime impact.   We are indigenizing manufacture of deep freezes of 300 liter and 
sub-300 liter capacities. This factory was commissioned in April post trial production between 
February and March. There would have been the impact of depreciation from April onwards.  
Now production 300 liter capacity deep freezers being stepped up.  Production of 400-500 liter 
capacity deep freezers is in full swing. We have also commenced manufacture of glass top deep 
freezers that were earlier imported.  Margin has improved in that business from May onwards. 
The trend of margin improvement is likely to continue because of indigenization and visible 
from post the sale of imported inventories that we hold. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
I had two questions. So, firstly from the overall margin perspective just want to get your 
thoughts, what we’ve seen in the past cycles that our AC industry has been able to pass through 
pricing industry effectively be it raw material inflation or be it currency depreciation, but in the 
current season we are seeing that it is becoming a challenge to come through and also 
subsequently a lot of large players are also setting up capacities in South India. So, how should 
we look at the entire industry structure? Are we structurally headed towards slightly lower 
margins, are the path peak margins or say early double digits behind or do you think margins 
should resume this is more of a temporary phenomenon, more want to know your thoughts from 
a two to five-year perspective? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The margin will improve in the second half, in our estimate by around 200 basis points if the 
commodity price is softening continues.  In the peak season quarter, it could be around 10% and 
for the year around 9% EBIT margin.   To the question as to whether this business can become 
a 14% or 15% operating margin, we do not think so.   A 12% EBIT business could be feasible 
for the room AC business.  
The manufacturing capacity of finished goods is doubling. Market will double provided the 
products are made more and more affordable which means the margin profile is not going to 
change and the manufacturers are going to redesign the products and build scale. Scale gives an 
advantage and therefore market also grows it has happened in many categories and therefore the 
doubling of capacity is justified.   There is also a PLI scheme, there is an x axis which is the 
investment, y axis is the incremental sales over FY21 period.   PLI is based on the incremental 
sales over FY21 at 6%, 4% etc. and is not based on my investment.  Therefore, a manufacturer 
who has invested in a PLI eligible facility has to grow his revenue.  
Eventually the PLI money may get diluted in prices and therefore the market will grow. The 
market growth gives the advantage of the operating leverage. In addition, a component 
ecosystem has also developed and the component manufacturers will have to earn the PLI by 
increasing their revenue which implies they have to match the prices that are available globally 
or locally and in the process the industry will benefit. Another connected element is the the 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
logistics cost such as container, shipping and ocean freight, that have increased four to five times. 
There could be savings on that as well going forward.  As far as the Blue Star is concerned, you 
around 45% of our sales is from the southern part of the country and we had around 10 days of 
inventory of the finished goods coming all the way from Himachal in addition to the 10 days 
inventory under transit.   The raw material for Himachal comes to Nhava Sheva port and travels 
all the way to Kala Amb in Himachal Pradesh.  
In the Sri City plant the incoming raw material will be through Krishnapatnam port or Ennore 
port and the finished goods can move to all the states- Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Puducherry, 
Tamil Nadu, Karnataka overnight.   Therefore, there would be an operating costs leverage on 
account of these.   Considering all these, our belief is that operating margin in the range of 8% 
to 10% is sustainable in spite of competition.  We will continue to be transparent on price 
increase, margin pressures etc. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Understood. Thank you so much, it’s very elaborate with a good perspective. Second question, 
was from your product mix, which you typically share over the quarter, how this mass premium 
range is growing within your portfolio, where is it now, where do you expect it to go forward? 
Also from an e-commerce penetration perspective you were on a journey where you were behind 
the industry, the kinds of penetration rates they had on the e-commerce platform, how that has 
changed in the current summer season and what do you see going forward in these two spaces?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Up to a market share of 12% market one can operate with premium products highly 
differentiated.  However, if the goal is to become a 15% market share player, the belly of the 
market is to be addressed. This is very true in every category that people consume in the country, 
right from airline to consumer durables or automobiles.  Therefore, we will be focusing more on 
affordable premium products so that we are able to compete in the belly of the market with 
functionally superior, reliable and durable products that come with good after sale service from 
a trusted brand.  
We no longer think e-commerce is a competitive advantage or it is a big lever one should be 
using because it is something that is available for a MSME player in a tier three town to a big 
brand.  It’s a marketplace, in which everyone would be present and continue to market.  Our 
view is e-commerce does not provide for differentiation for a brand.   It is basically around price 
as a very important lever other than convenience if offers.   Therefore, there would be more 
increased price competition than differentiation.  The channels such as modern trade and the 
power retailers can influence your market share if you are not present in those large chain of 
stores.   We no longer believe that e-commerce is something very special. You have a product 
to offer at a particular price point and you will be present there.  
Equally true is the fact that very large country like India with many rural markets, 65% of the 
sale coming from tier three, four, five towns, 95% of the buyers are first time, 45% of the buyers 
are consumer financed.  This requires presence of small dealers.  In states such as Uttar Pradesh 
or Punjab, Haryana we need a product at an affordable price point. Despite the advent of e-
commerce, we need a product at a particular price point to cater to the demand of the people and 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
then we become a relevant brand to them.   Therefore, e-commerce or social media is an 
additional medium or channel to reach the customers apart from newspaper or media 
advertisement and that’s how view it. We will have same share as the industry share. The only 
difference is that in e-commerce it can change in one season, let us say there is a sale that is 
happening one particular brand can go and offer the lowest prices it will simply shift in that 
quarter. If it is a particular brand which is discounting their e-commerce has the power to 
influence buyers to go ahead and buy and there will be a market share change in that particular 
season. Blue Star’s goal is to offer products which do not impact the long term brand personality 
of Blue Star.  Under no circumstances even if our market share shrinks, we will not compromise 
that at all, our product has to confirm to certain standards, it is a value principle of Blue Star. 
More importantly, we need to have shareholder value enhancement and returns. Therefore, we 
would rather be focused on a margin of 8% to 10% than declaring that I am a 20% market 
shareholder. We have to grow scale and identify and operate in those markets.  If we have to 
compete on price we will rather go ahead and reengineer the product in such a manner without 
compromising all other things mentioned. So, so far it has worked well and we continue to invest 
in research and development, in terms of marketing brand building and work on other operating 
cost leverage.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
It’s heartening to see the margin improvement in such a challenging environment where rest of 
the peers are losing margins. Can you give some more color on this what is helping us in terms 
of improvement, whether it is mix, which is helping what is that because rest of the large players 
even the number three, number four, are losing money with the same scale which we have?  We 
have introduced more product in the mass category which is like very competitive. So, what all 
has helped Blue Star in terms of improving margins, year-on-year and sequentially also? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We won’t be able to comment on the other players, they are all very competent and eminent 
players and they have to be respected. We will not be commenting about a particular quarter 
results of a particular brand or something like that.  As far as Blue Star is concerned, as stated 
earlier in several press releases or at the product launch in January, in the last investor call, we 
have to address the belly of the market, and if we want to address the belly of the market, we 
need to go ahead and ensure that the products are redesigned.  We were operating in the premium 
segment and should we try to sell and penetrate the market with the positioning, we were likely 
to lose money eroding the margins.  We therefore, had to re-design the products and if our goal 
is that we want our products to be reliable, compete globally and benchmark globally in terms 
of the features and performance, we need to be ensuring that we invest adequately in R&D.   We 
had also anticipated that there will be commodity price hike and there will be some kind of 
impact.  We had also stated that commodity prices are likely to soften.   A big difference is that 
the industry advertising expenses, as a percentage of industry revenue is coming down.  That is 
an operating cost advantage all the industry players are gaining including Blue Star. As a 
percentage of the revenue advertising expenses will be lower.   A key factor to watch out for is 
he correlation between share of the expenses and share of market.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
We’re not seeing any more, full page advertisements running in summer.   In IPL a few brands 
including Blue Star advertised, but the television space is not bombarded with this. At the end 
of the day, there is a margin improvement and I mentioned earlier we are not fully happy with 
the improvement, we have still a long way to go which could be visible from Q3 onwards.  
Gopal Navandher: 
Can you just quantify in the last year the revenues from the water purifier business and the drag 
because of that business? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We are still a very small player in water purifiers. We had stated that in FY19 and FY18 that the 
impact of water purifier business on margin is around 1.5%.  Further we had also said in FY21 
itself that it is no longer impacting the segment margins. It is not a drain anymore. We have 
invested and we have achieved some kind of market share. We are not aggressively going and 
pursuing there to grow exponentially. The reason being, we’re seeing some kind of industry 
structures changing in terms of water purifier business.  Some players have got out, some players 
are not highly active and at this juncture we are happy with what we are doing. Water purifier 
business is not impacting in any manner the segment margin from FY20 onwards. 
Moderator:  
We will take the next question from the line of Amit Agrawal from Burman Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agrawal: 
Sir in earlier part of the call you mentioned a 30% growth in from the first of calendar year ‘19 
to now for the industry and 39% for the Blue Star. So, was that value growth or the volume 
growth? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It is the volume growth and the value growth will be some 3% to 4% lower.  The industry growth 
of 30%, is our estimate.   It is unlikely that the industry would have grown by 20% and we grew 
by 39%. 
Amit Agrawal: 
Got it and sir would you have similar number for 1Q for financial year? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Q1 results are already published and our growth in Segment-II is available there. 
Amit Agrawal: 
But just from the AC perspective for the industry and for us? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We would not like to deal with bifurcating Segment-II.  There are questions around selective 
disclosure, but we disclose whatever we think is genuinely to be disclosed.  In terms of the 
margin profile, it is not distinctly different between room AC and the commercial refrigeration 
business and both the products have grown it’s our tandem, it is homogeneous that way. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Sohoni for closing comments. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentleman with this, we conclude this quarter’s earnings call. 
Do feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully answered. We’ll be happy 
to provide you with additional details by email or in person. Thank you.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Thank you, thanks a lot. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Blue Star Limited that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
