PDS/SE/2022‐23/163 
August 9, 2022 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai ‐400 051 
Scrip Symbol: PDSL 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai‐ 400001 
Scrip Code: 538730  
Re:       ISIN ‐ INE111Q01013 
Sub:  Transcript  of  Conference  Call  pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and 
with reference to our intimation letter dated July 29, 2022, regarding Conference Call held on Tuesday, August 2, 
2022 at 4:00 PM (IST) to discuss Company’s Q1‐FY23 Financial Results, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the aforesaid Conference Call for your kind reference. 
The link to access the said transcript is mentioned hereinbelow: 
https://www.pdsmultinational.com/investors/financial_reports/#investor‐updates‐and‐call‐transcripts 
We request you to kindly take the above on record for the purpose of dissemination to the Shareholders. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for PDS Limited 
(Erstwhile PDS Multinational Fashions Limited) 
Abhishekh Kanoi 
Head of Legal & Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: F‐9530 
Encl.: As Above 


Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“PDS Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 02, 2022 
 
 
 
  
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SANDEEP KUMAR AGARWAL - EDELWEISS 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PALLAK SETH – VICE CHAIRMAN - PDS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY JAIN - GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
- PDS LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - PDS LIMITED 
MS. REENAH JOSEPH – HEAD CORPORATE FINANCE, 
M&A & CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS - PDS LIMITED 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PDS Ltd's Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Edelweiss Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sandeep Kumar Agarwal from Edelweiss Securities Limited. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Thank you Lizann. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening everyone based on 
the geographies you are logging in. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities I welcome you all to 
PDS Limited’s Q1 FY2023 earnings call. We have with us today Mr. Pallak Seth – Vice 
Chairman of PDS Limited, we have Mr. Sanjay Jain - Group CEO; Mr. Ashish Gupta – 
Group CFO; and Ms. Reenah Joseph – Head Corporate Finance, M&A & Chief IR. Before I 
hand over the floor to Pallak, I would like to highlight that the safe harbor statement on the 
second slide of the presentation is assumed to be read and understood. With this Pallak over 
to you! Thank you. 
Pallak Seth: 
Sanjay will be giving the opening speech. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Very warm greetings to all of you who have joined us on this call today and a very warm 
welcome to our Q1 FY2023 earnings call. The Q1 investor update and the financial results 
are available on the company website and the stock exchanges. I would just like to draw 
your attention to the disclaimer that the discussions today may have forward-looking 
statements subject to certain risks and other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. We are pleased to 
share that we have kick-started the first quarter of the financial year with robust growth of 
44% reporting a topline of ₹2,340 Crores. This was accompanied by a gross margin of 
15.9% and if you compare it sequentially with the previous fourth quarter of last year it is 
actually a 78-basis point improvement. We reported an EBITDA of ₹73 Crores during this 
quarter which has translated into a growth of 113% over the same quarter last year. The 
EBITDA margin of the company increased by 102 basis points from 2.1% last year to 3.1% 
this year. This was driven by operating efficiencies wherein the employee expense declined 
from 8.3% of topline in Q1 to 7.5% this year and other expenses declined from 6.9% of 
topline last year to 5.2%. 
 
In Q1 of FY2022 which is the quarter of last year the company also reported a gain from the 
sale of real estate asset in the UK which led to a gain of ₹41 Crores. If we adjust for this in 
the last year’s quarter so that we try and do a comparable operating profit to operating profit 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
then our EBIT reported a 128% growth to ₹57 Crores with 2.4% margins versus 1.5% 
margins in Q1 FY22, and apart from the real estate monetization that happened in the last 
year there are also other two items which I would like to explain so that will facilitate you 
having a normalized PBT assessment, what has been reported on the whole list in the Q1 
last year company made ₹62 Crores PBT and in Q1 this year company made a ₹47 Crores 
PBT, but there is as I said in the last year ₹62 there is an element of ₹41 Crores gain from 
the sale of real estate asset that is the first point that needs to be normalized. 
 
Last year there was a ₹2 Crores ESOP cost in the first quarter this year there is an ESOP 
cost of ₹7 Crores in the first quarter. As you know the company has embarked on an ESOP 
plan and we believe the entire senior management across all our functions and verticals that 
we wanted to incentivize has been taken care of, we do not anticipate any larger meaningful 
ESOP allocations to happen, barring the ones in the normal course of business, but basis the 
ESOPs allocated there is ₹7 Crores charge this year versus ₹2 Crores last year. Company is 
also being investing into new businesses and we had ₹6 Crores investment in the new 
business in the first quarter last year and this year we have doubled up to ₹12 Crores in the 
first quarter and as we know in our business, unlike any other company, the new ventures or 
new investments are on the balance sheet in our case they are expensed out from the P&L. 
So if you allow me to adjust for the real estate gain, if you allow me to normalize for the 
ESOP cost and the loss on new business investments then the normalized PBT of the 
company was ₹29 Crores last year and the normalized PBT of the company is ₹66 Crores 
this year so from a 1.8% PBT margin we have moved to 2.8% PBT margin and the 
normalized PBT has actually multiplied 2.3 times from ₹29 to ₹66 Crores. 
 
That was for our results on the whole now if you allow me to get into the specific segments. 
Our sourcing segment which accounts for 95% of our topline clocked in 42% growth 
compared to the same quarter last year and we achieved a topline of ₹2,216 Crores. Our 
sourcing business reported an EBIT of ₹60 Crores with a 59% growth as compared to the 
Q1 of last year and ROCE of 42%. In the third quarter of FY2022 friends when we got to 
communicate with our investor through our investor release, we had mentioned about PDS 
has onboarded new business teams, the potential to generate $300 million in sales, and a 4% 
PBT margin in three years from the timeframe that was our new investment into the part of 
the sourcing business. In the three-year journey, FY2023 was our first year and we have set 
ourselves a target that we would get to 30% of $300 million in year one and we are pleased 
to share that our new vertical reported topline growth of six times. They were at ₹23 Crores 
in Q1 last year and they are now at ₹141 Crores in Q1 of this year, so this is the Q1 
achievement and with the visibility that we have in the coming few quarters we believe we 
are on track to meet 30% of the goal that we had set for ourselves in terms of contribution 
from new businesses. Further PBT losses attributable to the segment which is the 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
investment in new verticals were at 27% of the top line in the first quarter of last year when 
I say 27%- of the new business topline and as the sales are increasing the losses/investment 
in the new vertical is now 8.6% of the top line. So, this trend of 27% to 8.6% is also a trend 
towards gradually getting into a breakeven situation from our new vertical investment, and 
then it starts meaningfully contributing to our aspiration of deriving 4% PBT in three years. 
 
Now moving on to our manufacturing segment. This segment reported a growth of 78% 
with a topline of ₹169 Crores in Q1 this year as compared to ₹95 Crores in Q1 last year. 
The segment turned profitable in Q4 of last year and continues its profitable journey with a 
reported PAT margin of 1.6% in the current quarter. We believe now the manufacturing 
business will contribute to the company’s overall return profile. Given our order book in 
hand, given our engagement with the customers, we feel positive that the business will 
continue to make money for all the quarters to come.  
 
From a geographical footprint perspective, our US business has been continuing on a 
growth trajectory and it constituted about 18% of the top line in the current quarter as 
compared to 11% last year.  
 
During this quarter our net debt increased by about ₹77 Crores in Q1 when the net working 
capital days were at 3 days. For the same period on June 2021 last year, the working capital 
days were two days a slight increase of one day this is a seasonal business as you know the 
one day increase from two days to three days is mainly on account of, on one hand, we have 
growth of 44% we have also been trying to avail as much possibility of offering early 
payment discounts to our vendors and therefore while this benefit goes to a gross margin 
but there is an increased finance cost and this quarter end also coincided with Eid holidays 
in the first week of July and whenever there is an Eid as I said seasonality of the business 
lead to an accelerated payout to vendors as well. So these are some of the reasons the 
company would continue to remain focused barring the seasonality of the quarters we 
continue to remain focused on operating nil or negative working capital. 
 
The company because of the operating performance that I just summarized for you 
delivered a 30% return on capital employed versus 26% in Q1 of last year when I am saying 
26% this is normalized from the core operations so as compared to core operation there is a 
4% increase in terms of return on capital employed and the return on equity of the company 
is 28% in the first quarter this year versus 22%  on the normalized earnings of last year first 
quarter. While our efforts led to monetization of the real estate asset in the first quarter of 
last year company believes there is potential for further monetization of one or two assets in 
the ensuing near future our efforts are continuing while this is a nonoperational 
nonrecurring but as part of our balance sheet optimization there is an opportunity as we will 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
continue to remain focused on that as well and the financial position continues to be strong 
providing a strong backbone for the company to grow. Our net debt to EBITDA stands at 
about 0.3x. 
 
Now moving onto certain corporate actions, the shareholders of the company have approved 
a stock split in the ratio of five shares to every one equity share and a final dividend of 
₹.23.85 per share for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, in the AGM of the company 
held on July 29, 2022. The record date of the stock split will be August 29, 2022, and we 
believe basis this planning being done the shares should tentatively get credited by the end 
of October 2022, subject to required regulatory approvals.  
 
Lastly, the various factors that have an impact on our business from rising cost inflation, 
and increased freight cost to macroeconomic and geopolitical factors impacting both 
developed markets and also the developing markets. We believe that we have a robust 
platform and we have been well poised to face these challenging times by continuously 
identifying opportunities that are around us in the ecosystem. We launched sourcing as a 
service, a customized and exclusive service offering, and have already gained good 
tractions with marquee retailers being onboarded with long-term contracts., At present, the 
contracts that we have in hand and the active engagement that we have with our customers 
should enable us to handle for these customers incremental revenue of about ₹8,000 Crores, 
while we are providing this as a service to our customers so what we get to take in our P&L 
is a service charge but as an important partner to our customers besides the top line of the 
company in the normal course from design as a service, brands and manufacturing this 
additional activity that we strategically added in our portfolio have already enabled the 
company locked in or very close to about ₹8,000 Crores of the annual volume of business 
handling for our customers and given a platform-based approach and agile business model 
we would always be geared up to cater to the diversified need of the customers and hope to 
garner more traction with this new service offering. And while we believe in the short-term 
there are some headwinds but the commodity input prices, the freights have been kind of 
softening a bit, and this quarter in our journey that we had shared with you our four-to-five-
year journey wherein we aspired to be a $2.5 billion enterprise from a $1.2 billion we 
believe this quarter has been a stepping stone to our four-to-five-year journey and now our 
Vice Chairman, Mr. Pallak Seth and me along with our CFO and Reenah would be happy to 
take any questions you may have, please. 
Pallak Seth: 
Thank you Sanjay. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Chinmaya Bhargava from LSSB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Hi! Thank you for taking my question. I have a few questions. The first is on our US 
expansion it is very impressive seeing that it is almost about 18% of our pie now given that 
a few years ago it was in the low single digits so I know we got specific people to spearhead 
our expansion here, but could you tell me more about what led to our success? 
Pallak Seth: 
There is a big migration of US business out of China at this stage. Most of the retailers are 
looking at the China Plus One strategy and PDS has large strength of manufacturing, and 
sourcing in various regions like Bangladesh, India, Turkey, and Egypt so a lot of that 
business migration from China is helping us to get the business in these geographies where 
we have a lot of strength plus secondly also we have identified and hired some very key 
resources in the US, we have got relationships with large most professional retailers in the 
US like Walmart, Kohl’s, Target, Hanes, so some of those management teams joined us 
around 6 to 12 months back are showing great results, so the structural shift in business 
moving from China to new regions and PDS engaging with these people in the US on their 
doorstep has caused the business to increase and we continue to grow in the years to come. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
My question on our drives in this China Plus One and the management teams is that are we 
winning market share from other sourcing companies or is it still the case where our major 
competition is the in-house sourcing teams of all of the clients that we serve, could you tell 
me how much of the landscape is in-house and how much of it is currently outsourced? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think most of the large retailers are setting up the offices earlier in China and Hong Kong 
but for them to operate out of regions like Bangladesh and even Egypt and Turkey and 
some of the other markets like Sri Lanka where we have a large presence for US business it 
is strategically not in their intent and also we do not culturally understand those markets as 
well as their past established relationship with China which is going back 20- 25 years so 
when they are looking at new geographies they are trying to partner with likes of PDS and 
very few companies like us exist globally because of which we are finding them coming to 
us and partnering with us to set up manufacturing and sourcing in these regions. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Has there been a large vacuum after Li & Fung the various issues that they have faced in the 
last few years? 
Pallak Seth: 
Yes, there is a large vacuum because the traditional sourcing companies globally were 
based out of Hong Kong like Li & Fung, William E. Connor, Newtimes some of these, so 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
culturally they are very aligned to China and Vietnam region but globally other parts of the 
world it is not easy for them to operate and also have the right relationship with the vendors 
and the management team to bring in the right people in other markets outside China and 
Vietnam so their PDS has emerged as one of the strongest players in the industry which are 
partnering with the best retailers to give them transparency and the right supply chain and 
working with them closely. So, there is a big vacuum gap in the current landscape of 
companies providing the services to the large retailers who were trying to migrate the 
business out of China because of the China plus One strategy. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Our advantage is that your presence in these geographies that they are not in? 
Pallak Seth: 
Yes, present in the geographies long time with the established route for many years so that 
is definitely helping us. Plus we are also starting strategic relationships as Sanjay had 
mentioned we have started a new business stream in  PDS called sourcing as a service and 
that business stream will basically act as a retailers’ own office in these geographies so we 
have signed with Hanes brands around six months back now and we have started seeing 
great results so there is a big migration of business happening from China into countries 
like Bangladesh where we have opened an exclusive office for the retailers and all the 
business of the retailers in that region will go through that office. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Am I correct in assuming that this helps them also in terms of compliance that they have 
everything in one place? 
Pallak Seth: 
Yes, so the reason these retailers want to partner with PDS is that they believe that our 
governance standards on environmental, social, and also overall corporate governance is in 
line with the big retailers around the world. If you see it is predominantly PDS customer 
base are FTSE 100, S&P 500, DAX 30 retail business, so these companies have high 
governance standard, high compliance standard and they trust that company like PDS which 
is global in nature have been established for many years it is a professional player in the 
global fashion supply chain industry is in line with what they would expect themselves as 
well. So we believe that if they are passing their supply chain to PDS their brand risk 
reputation is being managed as well if not better than them trying to do it themselves. So 
every retailer wants a financially stable partner to form an ESG and honestly very few 
companies with our global size can exist today because of this we are getting huge traction. 
Another big retailer in the US is Kohl’s they wanted to set up an operation in Bangladesh to 
challenge Li & Fung’s operation so PDS has chosen as a second partner so very quickly our 
business as soon as we established this office we would be more than $50, $60 million 
within a span of less than a year which is going to continue to grow in the next couple of 
years. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
So, we should be expecting more wins like this. One last question from my side Mr. Pallak I 
have heard interviews of yours from the past you spoke about how during periods of 
headwinds particularly in 2008 for example PDS emerged as a stronger winning business 
from other companies that went bankrupt or lost market share so even though we are seeing 
headwinds currently in possibly in the second half of 2022 is there any difference what 
strategies have we taken on now after our learnings over the last decade to capture more 
market share? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think PDS is in a very unique position so the consolidation happening in the industry is 
really benefiting us and if you see already in our first Q1 results you see the big growth that 
has happened so we see to a certain extent that trend continuing because some of the large 
agency deals we are discussing with retailers on sourcing as a service has also big traction 
on design-led sourcing business where a lot of small-medium size factories across Asia are 
struggling on working capital to finance the goods themselves. The retailers have the 
confidence companies like PDS is on their doorsteps providing them design, providing 
them service, and also partnering with the right factories in Asia, providing working capital 
to those factories, with this kind of unique formula is not existing in our industry overall so 
for large retailers we are becoming a global solution one stop shop from design till delivery 
and with full ESG compliance and governance and large working capital limits with the 
large bank across Asia and all that is leading to consolidation and growth from typically 
whenever recession happens PDS ends up doubling in size in the next two to three years 
this is what we saw in 2008 as a trend. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Thank you so much for taking my questions I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Hi! Sir, thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. 
Sir wanted to understand I think in last quarter when we spoke you had highlighted that 
there would be margin headwinds given the global commodity and the current situation 
what is your take now do you see the headwinds to continue in the current quarter of Q2, 
Q3 as well or is the situation improving now? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think there are two things, one, yes there were margin headwinds because of commodity 
price increases especially in cotton, polyester, and obviously energy but the key in our 
industry is about gaining market share and getting more important to the retailers and 
becoming more aligned to their long-term strategy. When headwinds come, a lot of small-
medium size companies are not able to handle the pressure and will fall by the wayside, but 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
PDS being a company that is global in scale and size and also has a financial ability to 
withstand short-term pressures, retailers recognized this very well. They know that in these 
challenging times a lot of other companies lot of other suppliers they are dealing with 
probably will not be able to sustain or even deliver the goods in these times, so our strategy 
was very clear we should continue to align closer with the retailers, understand their pain 
points and become closer and make sure that we are able to solve them that is why we are 
seeing big growth in the whole market share that we are gaining. On the other side 
commodity prices are cyclical so we have already seen softening of a lot of commodity 
prices with some interest rate increases, we have seen cotton prices reduced a lot and energy 
prices have also started slowly coming down, and also there is a big currency devaluation 
that has happened in a lot of markets where we export for example Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, 
even India there is currently devaluation happening. So, we feel that with the increased 
market share and large turnover that we have gained plus commodity prices and all these 
currency devaluations coming together our margins should start improving in the second 
part of the year. The worse thing would have been that if we have lost this and led business 
go up which was clearly not the intent so we gave clear instructions to all our companies, 
we have partnered with the retailers, think long-term, bring in as much business as possible 
and then this temporary phenomena will go and we will emerge stronger with a much 
bigger order book plus the ability to get back margins. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
I think you briefly touched upon the next question as well which I had in mind and that is 
on the demand situation for the end market, so are you seeing any impact of these 
headwinds on demand, especially in Europe I think because as much more impacted due to 
the energy and commodity inflation? 
Pallak Seth: 
I would answer this question in two ways. One is the US retailers are normally buying 
longer cycle they are buying almost goods 12 months in advance so their forecast is 
obviously done on the demand so they are seeing some COVID times and because they 
have already placed large commitments 12 months in advance they had to get out of those 
commitments and buy less for the next few months. Whereas on the European side retailers 
are used to buying on a four-month cycle so they were able to adjust themselves and they 
did not have too many cancelations and push back like some of the large American retailers 
had to do globally because of the lifecycle of product and order placement these people do 
differently that is one point. The second point is also on the whole cycle of pricing, at the 
end of the day, we feel that we are in a strong position to withstand this pressure and work 
with the retailers and provide them the service that they need on this side. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir you said that US retailers specifically planned 12 months in advance so wanted to 
understand the cluster of the contracts do we fix the prices at the beginning of the year or is 
there any scope for renegotiation in case the commodity prices rise up. 
Pallak Seth: 
So normally with the retailers especially with the US they are fixing the prices but if there is 
a big adjustment in cotton then the suppliers are normally going back like this time 
happened and getting up charges as required. Most of the retailers are accommodating if 
there is a situation which is going to impact as a one-off situation. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
We are not seeing any demand hit in Europe especially? 
Pallak Seth: 
No we are not seeing much demand hit we are seeing consolidation happening because of 
which retailers are trying to work closer with us and it is a slide to safety whenever 
uncertain times happened there is a slide to safety that is helping us plus secondly also one 
of the important points is PDS customer base is a lot of the supermarkets and the 
discounters around Europe so these guys typically in a recession people are trading down 
and that helps us to even gain more market share and business from the retailers. The 
demand hit is mostly coming in the middle segment of the market and some online players 
so luckily our business with the middle segment has not been there for last many years, we 
focus on the discounts and the supermarkets which are the large S&P 500, FTSE 100, DAX 
30 companies so typically in a recession people trade down and the discounters’ sales 
improve and that definitely has a positive impact on PDS overall. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
This is very insightful you basically touched upon again on our customers being largely 
departmental stores so would you like to share the ASP of our apparel that we source 
typical average selling price? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think our typical average selling price is around $5 between $4.5 to $5 FOB, woven 
garments are much higher, jersey garments is much lower but obviously we do a lot of daily 
wear commodities, we do socks, we are multiproduct company so I think average selling 
price across categories will be different so we do jackets and outerwear which could be $25, 
$30, we do knitwear which is $10- $15, woven bottoms- $8- $9, woven jersey- $3 and baby 
body suit, night suit will be of $1.50 kind of pricing, so it is spread across the board it has 
been $4 to $5 will be the average. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
I think this is great. Sir just one last question if I may and this is on I think we have touched 
up on the contribution of new business with topline I have missed the number I think it was 
₹141 Crores now versus if I am not wrong ₹39 Crores earlier? 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Sanjay Jain: 
₹141 Crores in the first quarter this year versus ₹23 Crores in the corresponding quarter of 
last year it has actually grown nearly by six times in terms of sales in INR crores. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
What was that contribution from our new businesses of Hanes and s.Oliver? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Hanes is beginning to contribute from this quarter so as of now it is not a very significant 
contribution. I think as Q2, and Q3 unfold we should get more but I think the important 
thing here is for Hanes it is a service charge that we are recovering while on my sourcing 
design-led service business, we get to book entire FOB sales with an average 15% to 16% 
gross margin, in this business, we would be getting a service charge and s.Oliver wherein 
the first year volume was expected at $30 million and due to the journey of $60 that we are 
foreseeing in three years, we had locked in a run rate of $10 million as of now in the last 
four months. So we are on track to do billing of $30 million in this entire year the last three 
months rather than the last four months because when we signed the contract it actually 
became active from February end of 2022 so we have clocked in about $10 million of sales 
on s.Oliver. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Great Sir thanks a lot I will get back in the queue if I have more queries. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Bheda from Jay Ram Stock 
Brokers. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Bheda: 
Thank you for taking my question. Can you just throw some light on what kind of 
arrangement this Poetic Brands has with Forever 21 and how will it affect or how will it 
benefit PDS as a whole and what are the risks associated with this partnership? 
Pallak Seth: 
Basically Forever 21 there is a master licensee in the US with Authentic Brands Group, and 
they were searching for a partner for continental Europe and the UK so PDS has become 
that, one of our subsidiaries Poetic Brands has become a master franchisee license holder 
for Forever 21. So, our strategy was some online sales but predominantly selling through 
our wholesale channel which is going to be 90% pre-sold with the large retailers we work 
with. So, we have basically got the brand in hand and then we talk to some of our large 
retail partners and look at their appetite that if PDS subsidiary was holding this brand what 
would be their interest to buy goods from us under that label for them. So, looking at the 
whole positive feedback we decided to take the brand agency for Europe and UK. We see 
very low downside risk because we are not taking much inventory there but on the other 
side with these key retail partners where we are already sourcing private label products, we 
will be also offering a branded service where our gross margins will be much higher. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Dhruv Bheda: 
Can you just throw some light on the risks and what kind of revenue are you expecting in 
this segment like specifically with Forever 21 over the period of say four to five years so if 
possible if you can just throw in a number? 
Pallak Seth: 
There will be two risks in this business, one is inventory risk which as I said we are not 
going to be taking very minimal selling through online predominantly will be through a 
presold wholesale channel and the second risk is minimum royalty that we have to pay to 
Forever 21 master license holder in the US of around $2 million over five years. So, it is 
quite a small royalty considering the grand theme of things plus the back-to-back almost 
kind of commitments we have from all our retail partners. At the end of the day, I would 
say the risk is quite limited it is no large minimum royalty guarantee plus we are not 
carrying any inventory at this stage. The revenue potential of this to the royalty is around $2 
million is around 10% in this kind of deal so we need to do $20 million sales over five years 
not annualized, aggregated over five years $20 million sales pay the minimum royalty, but 
we are expecting these double or triple of that. 
Dhruv Bheda: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vineet Jain an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Vineet Jain: 
Mine is more a request than a question actually and the management will anyway giving us 
with answering all the questions and sharing details about the business so far. I wanted to 
request if it would be possible for you guys to share some more granular information in the 
important subsidiary maybe the top eight or ten in terms of contributions to topline because 
when we look at the performance of the different subsidiaries there seem to be wide 
variations and some of them have gross margins as high as 40%-45% whereas there are 
others with  single digit so if it would be possible for the management to share some broad 
matrices on important subsidiaries maybe the top 30% or 40% in terms of contribution to 
topline on a quarterly basis that would be wonderful? 
Sanjay Jain: 
I think the point is well taken, we will on a half-yearly basis try and facilitate for our 
investors’ further insight into the top 10 verticals of PDS. At this stage to answer your 
question we have a top line of around $1.2 billion last year, the top 10 verticals contributed 
to 76% of the top line and almost the entire PBT. When I say it is reported PBT which 
means that the smaller businesses whose profit and my investment that went into new 
businesses got neutralized but net-net 76% of the top line of the company came in from our 
top 10 verticals like Poeticgem, Design Arc, Simple Approach, Techno, Norlanka, but I 
have noted your data request and we will facilitate on a six monthly basis of further insight 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
into our top 10 verticals in terms of sales and in terms of the contribution to the overall 
profit of the company as well. 
Vineet Jain: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Firstly, I had some questions on the venture capital and investments that we do. So firstly, 
do we have a dedicated team for which venture capital investments that we do? 
Sanjay Jain: 
The answer is yes; we do have a dedicated team who has got no allocation of resources for 
the day-to-day operations and is fully dedicated resource. The answer is yes, we have a 
team. 
Chirag Jain: 
Also further on that so what parameter what industry do we have in mind while investing in 
the venture capital investments that we do? 
Pallak Seth: 
Basically, today’s gain is any industry or any business to succeed we have to bring the 
ecosystem so one we have to get a platform which PDS already has a platform because of 
this we can onboard so many businesses, second, we have to be in the ecosystem of all the 
innovation disruption happening. The PDS ventures was set up five years ago with the view 
that we work with the top universities around the world like Harvard, Stanford, MIT, 
Cambridge, Oxford, and some of the leading universities in India and other parts of Asia 
and we see what is the innovation coming out of there and our entire focus is around retail 
tech, fashion tech, some direct to consumer brands who have sustainability focus and 
business around sustainability and circularity in fashion and new raw material research. So, 
businesses coming with these top universities we are normally investing with them at a key 
stage, but we are partnering with retailers who we feel will back these ventures and other 
global Tier-1 retailers. So that is how we are basically going as a strategic investor in these 
five fields with businesses coming from some of the top universities around the world. This 
is a big reason why we see a lot of the big retailers want to further partner based business 
with PDS because the typical vendor today is struggling to survive, struggling to take care 
of even supplying the goods whereas a company like PDS global in nature having large 
working capital limits with the top brands, having a very strong ESG focus, plus a venture 
arm on feeding innovation and newness and a lot of sticking points for the retailers to 
migrate business and work with us rather than the factory in Middle of Asia somewhere or a 
small sourcing company with a single location. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Chirag Jain: 
I understand that so is it be possible for you to give some kind of color that investment that 
we do because we have always or you have already given guidance of 6% to 7% of capital 
employed being invested into that so if you can give a brief about it in the presentations 
provided by you it would be much better it is a request from my side, also can you provide 
some update on Sri Lankan exposure that we had? 
Pallak Seth: 
From the venture, we can provide, we have an internal presentation that we pitch to our 
customers all the time so we can share that with the investor community at the right time if 
it is allowed as per SEBI. The second thing is on the whole Sri Lankan exposure I think 
overall it is a very sad situation for the country but possibly for a group like PDS where 
most of our banking is done out of Hong Kong and part of it from Dubai is actually become 
an advantage because at the end of the day most of the factories in Sri Lanka banking with 
local banks having a very difficult time opening raw material LCs to import goods from 
China, India and other parts of the world because the banking is in big crisis but the PDS 
kind of business most of our banking 95% or plus is running out of Hong Kong so the 
retailers are seeing it is a great advantage that if they are migrating business to PDS for Sri 
Lanka manufacturing raw materials are being able to pay on time and goods delivered from 
Sri Lanka on time. Secondly, lot of small-medium size factories are now coming to PDS 
and saying can you please take over capacities we are not able to work directly with the 
retailers because of our financial constraints, Norlanka which is a PDS subsidiary in Sri 
Lanka finance the business and take on the order book and even work together with us to 
manage their supply. So, we are actually going to budget growth in Sri Lanka this year 
compared to our last year’s budget. 
Chirag Jain: 
Can I squeeze in one if I may, so I had last question was on my supply chain issues so do 
we see resolving by this quarter or next financial year and what is the update? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think a lot of it depends on macroeconomic challenges that we are seeing I mean it is 
difficult to judge but if any company globally is in a position to manage the supply chain 
challenges PDS is probably best placed. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thanks that is it from my side I will join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good evening, Pallak thanks for the opportunity, good evening SanjayJi. I have three 
questions the first question is that you mentioned that you have a very strong order book for 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
sourcing business if you can give some color what is it that and how long it is going to be 
serviced? 
Sanjay Jain: 
We had at the beginning of the year foreseen a 12% to 15% sales growth as a guidance for 
the entire year. This was the basis of our engagement with the customers, the basis of our 
actions, basis of our active engagement as Pallak answered as part of one of the questions in 
terms of active engagement, we have managed to grow 44%. We believe the overall 
numbers that we are foreseeing are Q2, and Q3 are well-poised basis the orders in hand and 
engagement with the customers with a strong upside to the growth traction. Typically from 
a sourcing business at this stage of the year when we talk about which is in say August early 
we would have 80% to 90% plus of the entire year budgets of all our verticals having totally 
booked so, therefore, the order book is strong, we are feeling very, very confident to 
maintain and meet our overall guidance for the entire year notwithstanding the 44% growth 
I am still a little bit cautious because of the overall geopolitical situations. Order book in 
hand, our engagement we are well placed and for our factories which typically are about 6% 
to 7% of topline we are for Q2 100% booked in terms of capacity and Q3 we already have 
firm orders upwards of 75% and in about a month’s time we should be able to lock in, the 
Q3 100% as well, so we are in good shape for now in terms of order book and engagement 
with the customers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is really helpful. Just one followup this order book what we are having is enough that 
we can supply within our factories or we will have to go outside? 
Sanjay Jain: 
When I mentioned, the factory order book then I am talking about two Bangladesh factories 
of ours which contribute to 6%, and 7% topline and we are very cautious that we do not 
over book so therefore our endeavors to take orders that we can service from our factory 
Green and Progress. For the sourcing business order book that I mentioned that we would 
be serving through our 600 plus vendors network across the globe and as we have clarified 
earlier in the previous conversations every vendor that is on-boarded is through a rigorous 
process and it is also with an approval a prior approval of the customer to whom we would 
be supplying with the factory. So, there is a robust process, pre-approved by the customer 
and selected through a rigorous process is the vendor base that we will be using to service 
our sourcing vertical customers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is really helpful. My second question is on two brands Lilly and Sid we have 
introduced in India through Reliance market place and the other one is Turtledove London 
which we have partnered with FirstCry, any update, any color how it is panning out what is 
the thing whether the revenues have started coming contributed to the topline? 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes, I think it got good traction because of the nature of the product that we have. But as 
Pallak mentioned, we continue to be careful about the risks we take, so we are carefully 
watching in terms of the order inflow and want to stay away from locking in too much of 
inventory. From a low sale perspective, last year as I took a new offering our sales are 
actually multiplying four times. This year we have sold less than 0.5 million and we are 
seeing 2 million annualized volumes coming in from our effort of sales in India but 
cautiously taking ahead from 0.5 to 2 we are well poised, but the caution continues to 
minimize our inventory risk as we take it ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
SanjayJi my last question is on sometime back we were trying to set up our office in 
Vietnam and we said that Vietnam is going to be strategic so is the plan has gone as per the 
process or we have taken a stop there? 
Pallak Seth: 
Vietnam’s overall business is progressing in the right direction. We are seeing a lot of 
traction again because of the China Plus One sourcing strategy of big retailers they are 
looking at Vietnam as an established market. PDS to a certain extent is a bit late in the 
game in Vietnam because we just came there and that market has been established for the 
last four, five, seven years so I think probably close to 7-8 years of business from China 
was starting to migrate. But whichever customers we are offering Vietnam, especially the 
European retailers they are finding it as an attractive proposition and want to work with us 
out of there. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Wonderful thank you and all the best to you and the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riken Gopani from Capri Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Riken Gopani: 
Hi! Sir, thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions firstly on the overall 
business forecast that you have shared in the presentation you do expect the manufacturing 
segment also to sort of growing faster than the overall company so I wanted to understand 
what are the strategic plans for the manufacturing operations and what kind of outlay are we 
expecting over the next three to four years in this segment and which geographies will it be 
focused on India itself or what are the plans on the manufacturing segment? 
Sanjay Jain: 
I think before I specifically answer the question, the larger strategic intent that we have 
shared with you is to double our size from $1.2 to $2.5 billion in about four to five years. 
And as we travel this path the manufacturing contribution to our sales would be about c.8% 
or so, so from annualized what we have been achieving we are looking at about $90 to $100 
million topline coming in from our manufacturing this year and in about four to five years 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
we look at $200 million plus coming in from our manufacturing operations. While there is 
always a use of 25% to 30% which means from $90 to $100 million this year, we can 
extract 25% - 30% capital efficiency but there is a $70 to $80 million that we believe would 
require to be generated through our incremental investment in the capacity that is number 
one. Having identified this strategic gap or the need to fulfill our focus right now is to make 
sure that the profitability we have achieved in operations are well-entrenched number two 
we derive our efficiency. We do have a space land parcel adjoining to one of our factories 
for the tops which has been in Green internally we have a land parcel adjacent to it, there is 
scope to expand. We are adding a wash plant to our Progress factory as well so there is 
going to be an incremental investment to get beyond capital efficiency. I think India is 
emerging as an attractive country given the mega textile park, given the PLI scheme that 
has been launched, and especially as we are learning about an active dialogue our 
government is having developed for the restoration of FTAs that India has been enjoying 
and with China Plus One. On one hand, India’s own manufacturing attractiveness FTAs and 
China Plus One India is emerging as a country wherein PDS is actively evaluating that for 
the extra $70 to $80 million beyond the existing capacities that we need to generate for 
manufacturing I think India is an attractive country. Now the capital outlay we believe our 
internal accruals that we have, given our balance sheet are very comfortable with our 
overall net debt to EBITDA leverage of 0.3, we believe our accruals at the balance sheet in 
parts are sufficient accruals for us to fund this. 
Riken Gopani: 
It is very clear thank you for the detailed answer. Secondly, on the design-led sourcing part 
of the business that also you expect reasonably strong growth over the next five-year vision 
plan is it going to be primarily driven by acquiring market share from the existing clients, or 
will there be new categories if you can broadly help us understand how do you expect to 
achieve this growth in the next five years in the sourcing business? 
Pallak Seth: 
I think it is going to be a combination of existing customers consolidating and giving us 
more of their business because a lot of the design-led sourcing business is done from 
domestic companies in markets like the UK, Germany, US and many of those small, 
medium size companies are starting to survive so we are going to get more market share 
from them on that basis so I think that is the reason of major consolidation happening in this 
segment. 
Riken Gopani: 
I had a followup which was if you can highlight it, it would be achieved primarily from 
apparel or will there be new category additions that we will also try to export? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Our larger focus would continue to be apparel but we are augmenting our offerings with 
home as a category when we talk about new vertical investments home is a category that we 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
have focused on and it is gaining traction and then accessories is another category that we 
are focusing on as part of new verticals so these won’t the larger share of our offerings they 
would adversely about sub 10% so we would largely be apparel focused. While we continue 
to strengthen our position in the existing markets where we operate with our existing retail 
customers plus offering them new services through a new vertical of sourcing as a service, 
but we are also coming across interesting opportunities of providing strategic capital to 
companies that are in the sourcing business of the size of $40 to $50 million in markets 
where we have not operated. As you know our model is to join hands with an entrepreneur 
who has got requisite category or industry experience and then provide strategic capital for 
growth, we have also spotting some similar opportunities in markets where we have not 
been operating. So that also would be something that we are going to actively pursue, and 
we believe while answering the first part about 8% to 10% of our five-year evolution of 
topline might come in from new offerings in these new geographies. For example, in 
Australia, we started our efforts one year back and it is a small number, but we have 
multiplied our sales to Australia five to six times over the corresponding quarter last year. 
We believe new geographies have the potential to contribute another 4% to 5% of our 
topline. 
Riken Gopani: 
Understood Sir thank you so much just one clarification if you could basically help us 
understand the seasonality if Q1 typically a seasonally weak quarter and what is this kind of 
seasonality that you typically see across the quarters if you could help us understand? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes, I think typically the second half of the year as we say the winter collection and then the 
spring collections for the Feb- March month has always more stronger traction. On average 
you can say 55% - 60% of what we aim to do annualized basis would actually come in from 
the second half of the year. So, what we sold was the summer collection what we will sell is 
the fall collection but then we would be when we get into winter and spring summer then 
the sales are typically 55%- 60% of the entire year as compared to 40%-45% in the first half 
of the year. 
Riken Gopani: 
Q4 is the strongest? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Yes, see historically the case that in fact a normalized PBT as part of our investor release, 
we have tried to compare ourselves sequentially with Q4 but then the higher sales lead to 
further operating efficiencies in Q4. 
Riken Gopani: 
Understood Sir thank you so much for the answer that is all from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krunal Shah from Enam Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Krunal Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two questions first one is on the PDS Venture Tech 
segment so if you see segmental for the quarter, we had a ₹5 Crores loss could you explain 
the reason for the same? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Actually, when we talk about the third segment - sourcing, manufacturing, and others then 
it actually has three pieces just broadly speaking one third is the real estate from which we 
monetize last year the profit of ₹5.5crores and that is where I mentioned our effort is 
continuing to further monetize that is one-third piece. The second, one-third, is actually the 
Venture Tech investment which Pallak explained the strategic rationale as part of the 
previous question. It is the last, one-third, which is our treasury investments it is not per se 
liquid-liquid which is kind of little medium to long-term investments, we are in bonds, we 
are in equity as part of our treasury portfolio and it is here in that segment that on a mark-to-
market basis given the interest rates have gone up, therefore, MTM of the bonds come 
down or otherwise because of the investment in some cases been held in GBP or Hong 
Kong currency that we have approximately $600,000 of MTM loss which is the currency 
and interest rates improve and if we held whole to maturity, should go away, but there is 
also close to a $200,000 realized loss wherein we locked in whatever was the realizable 
value so it is largely the notional loss of about net of $600,000 out of the two in this one-
third segment of the others that got reported that is the answer to your question. 
Krunal Shah: 
Got it thanks. My second question is regarding currency as you mentioned that there has 
been a lot of volatility in the currency market even euro and pounds has if you see the rupee 
and the dollar get appreciated so how do we manage this kind of situation because lot of our 
exposure is again in Euro and pound? 
Sanjay Jain: 
Let us breakup P&L in two parts, anything with expected to sales and the cost of goods sold 
is largely US dollar-denominated, barring our operations in Turkey which are of the size of 
50 to 60 million GBP wherein in the currency of GBP the rest is almost US dollars to that 
extent we have a natural hedge number one. In fact, our topline has grown 44% this year but 
if I talk about dollar-to-dollar growth the topline has actually grown 37% so the company 
has benefited with the dollar strengthening against the rupee in terms of growth becoming 
44 that is number one. Now if I go below COGS then we do have opex payments for 
example in UK operations the salary and some admin-related payments are in GBP that we 
tend to take a hedged basis the available instrument and board-approved risk management 
policy but that is a small portion of the opex which is the only UK centric. When you talk 
about opex in Bangladesh, in Sri Lanka, in India then they are typically denominated in 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Bangladeshi Taka or Sri Lankan or Indian rupee there since our earnings are in dollars the 
local currency depreciation is actually helpful to our case. So, on the whole barring this 
instance of a translation exposure of the investment that is held through balance sheet which 
I answered as part of your initial question and some opex that are in GBP or, 50-60 million 
topline in GBP, in Turkey, we are largely having a natural hedge and our principal currency 
US dollars. 
Krunal Shah: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chinmaya Bhargava from LSSB Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chinmaya Bhargava 
Thankyou for being generous enough to take another question from me. So this is actually a 
followup to a request Vineet had made earlier in the call about subsidiaries and I just 
wanted to ask if I look at the business sustainability report that we have put out for 2022 we 
highlighted the 10 subsidiaries that made up 70% of our pie and also spoke about some that 
we expect to focus on in the next couple of years so like Jcraft, Array or Styleberry I wanted 
to ask you if you can just share a little bit of details about these businesses because not lot 
of information is available to better understand what they do? Thank you. 
Sanjay Jain: 
I think as I said in response to one of the previous similar questions the top 10 verticals 
when I say verticals these verticals might be conducting business in more than 10 legal 
entities which we will facilitate as part of the next quarter release and more importantly top 
10 businesses are contributing 76%. The new verticals that we mentioned about 18 new 
verticals that we are currently operating they are in the remaining ones then there are some 
businesses which are in the size of $10 million, $15 million, $5 million as well so they are 
in a growth phase while the ones which are five years plus typically are in the top 10 but the 
ones which were started 3-4  years back are running about $10, $20 million it is the 
remaining ones and wherein, of course, we through our internal performance review 
processes as part of the original budgets and then the performance reviews we gradually 
keep supporting them to get to a 4% to 5% PBT of the topline as a sourcing business. So 
that is the answer I can give you, but I think at the same time we will for sure endeavor to 
try and get you a more smarter way of getting clarity about the top 10 contributions to 
topline and PBT and how many legal entities are engaged in top 10 and then beyond top 10 
which are the next ones and then the third category is the new verticals. We will endeavor 
to get this clarity to our stakeholders with this part of the next quarter’s release but I hope I 
have answered your question otherwise I can clarify more at this stage. 

 
 
 
PDS Limited 
August 02, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Thanks so much I have actually seen that a lot of the new ventures have PBT margins of 
higher than the 4% that we set so I am happy at this stage would like more granular details 
next time so that is all from my side and all the best. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Sure, I think when I am answering on an average about 4% to 5% but of course, there can 
be some outlier exceptions wherein the margins are higher but we would endeavor to clarify 
more rather not clarifications rather include data as part of the next quarter we will see. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sandeep Kumar Agarwal for his closing comments. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Let me take this. On behalf of Pallak and Sandeep from Edelweiss. Thank you everyone for 
joining us today. It was a pleasure to have an engaging audience like you and taking the 
time to join us and we look forward to connecting with you again after the next quarter 
earnings release. Thank you everyone and stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Edelweiss Securities that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
