 
 
 
 
10th August 2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,                               BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,                            P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051.                                      Mumbai - 400001. 
Fax No.26598237/26598238                                              Fax No.22722037/22723121 
  
Name of Scrip: CIGNITITEC                                                Scrip code: 534758 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript: Cigniti Q1 FY 2022-23 Result conference call on 1st August 2022- Reg 
Ref: Company’s letter dated 29th July 2022 regarding Intimation for Earnings call under Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find the attached herewith Transcript of Cigniti Technologies Limited for Q1 FY 2022-23 
Result conference call held on 1st August 2022. The same was displayed at our company’s website: 
www.cigniti.com. 
  
This is for the information and records of the Exchange, please. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully,  
For Cigniti Technologies Limited 
 
 
 Naga Vasudha 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 13 
CigniƟ Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
August 1, 2022 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the Investor Call of CigniƟ Technologies Limited to discuss 
the Q1 FY23 Results. Today we have with us from the management Mr. Srikanth 
Chakkilam – Chief ExecuƟve Oﬃcer and Non-ExecuƟve Director and Mr. Krishnan 
Venkatachary – Chief Financial Oﬃcer, Mr. Vinay Rawat - Chief Revenue Oﬃcer, Mr. 
Sairam Vedam – Chief MarkeƟng Oﬃcer, Mr. Raghuram Kroviddy - president and 
global delivery head. As a reminder, all parƟcipant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask quesƟons aŌer the presentaƟon 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Snighter 
Albuquerque from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mr. Snighter Albuquerque:     Very good evening to all of you. Before the call we would like to point out that certain 
statements made in today’s call maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this eﬀect has been included in the earnings presentaƟon shared with you earlier. 
The investor call may contain forward looking statements based on the currently 
healthy beliefs and assumpƟons of the management of the company which are 
expressed in good faith and in their opinion reasonable. Forward looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainƟes and other factors which may cause 
the actual results, ﬁnancial condiƟons, performance or achievements of the company 
or industry results to diﬀer materially from the results ﬁnancial condiƟon, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking 
statements.  
The risks and uncertainƟes relaƟng to these statements include but are not limited to 
risks and risks of expansion plans, beneﬁts from ﬂuctuaƟons in our earnings, our 
ability to manage growth and implement strategies, compeƟƟon in our business 
including those factors which may aﬀect our cost advantage, weight increase in India, 
our ability to aƩract and retain highly skilled professional and our ability to win new 

Page 2 of 13 
contracts, changes in technology, availability of ﬁnancing, our ability to successfully 
compete and integrate our expansion plans, liabiliƟes, poliƟcal instability and general 
economic condiƟons aﬀecƟng our industry. Unless otherwise indicated the 
informaƟon contained herein is preliminary indicaƟve and is based on the 
management informaƟon current plans and esƟmates. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam:  Thank you Snighter, a good evening everyone. I'll just provide some high level 
commentary on the Q1 results before handing it over to Krishnan. So the company 
has accelerated its revenue in the current quarter by 9.8% to INR 377.97 crores, in 
comparison to the previous quarter and in dollar terms, that the growth is about 
6.2%. The company during the quarter has won about 13 new clients, and those 
clients include several new verƟcals. And like I menƟoned in the previous quarters, 
we conƟnue our enhanced focus on oﬀering digital transformaƟon services and we 
are seeing some oﬀshoots of our eﬀorts from the eﬀorts that we are puƫng in the 
previous quarters, we've been able to take the oﬀerings around data analyƟcs, data 
quality aŌer, etc. to several of our exisƟng clients, and we've had encouraging 
movement towards our overall vision. The company's investments in sales and 
development has also helped lay a foundaƟon for growth and we are posiƟve about 
the conƟnued momentum. In line with our strategy to go beyond digital assurance 
services. Our board has also approved the acquisiƟon of Aparaa Digital, which I've 
updated in the previous call as well it's a specialist AIML data and block chain 
engineering service company that operates under the brand name RoundSqror an all 
cash deal of $4.8 million. Follows the acquisiƟon is a step towards bolstering CigniƟ 
strategic pursuit of becoming a specialized digital engineering and assurance service 
provider. So the EBITDA for the quarter stood at 44.5 crores and has increased by 
about 36.6% compared to the previous quarter. The company is opƟmisƟc that it shall 
be able to conduct several opƟmizaƟon measures which it has already iniƟated, and 
coupled with growth to in the exisƟng accounts and beyond. So from a client 
perspecƟve, we're also seeing that especially banks companies, and ﬁnancial 
insƟtutes, are sort of slightly becoming conservaƟve on spend in line with the macro 
senƟment. Although the demand for their IT iniƟators has not necessarily slowed 
down signiﬁcantly. We conƟnue to keep a watch on these trends and are we are 
cauƟous on ourspend as well. Overall the year has started with increased revenue 
and improved margins as compared to previous quarter. At this point I will have 
Krishnan give highlights about some of the ﬁnancial aspects. Over to you Krishnan. 

Page 3 of 13 
Mr. Krishnan Venkatachary: Good evening to everyone and thanks for joining the call. I think by far this quarter is 
a very good quarter and we have reversed the industry trend in terms of trying to give 
a posiƟve growth and also the outlook remains posiƟve from our side while the global 
recession, which people are talking about has checked in or seƫng in whatever it is 
being. But we have factored in various factors into it and which my other team 
members will be covering up. But I think we have moved up the value chain very 
clearly because over the last six quarters, the  kind of investments what we have made 
have started yielding results be it in terms of people, be it in terms of technology, be 
it in terms of the management Ɵme to focus on this strategy with respect to 
the geƫng accounts while the growth has been on quarter to quarter basis, we have 
moved on a dollar term from 46.6 million to 49.17 million, which is roughly about 34 
crores, which is 9.88% in rupee term and about 6.5% in terms of the dollar terms, the 
outlook remains very bright in terms of based on the current order book posiƟon 
which we are closed one to be executed during the current year for the balance of 
the year between July and March remained very healthy and giving us the conﬁdence 
that the outlook remains posiƟve and stable. While the top 20 accounts have 
contributed about close to 46% of the revenue, the rest of the accounts have 
contributed to about 54%, but I think we have focused on the top 70 accounts which 
is contribuƟng about close to 67% of the revenue. The dollar rate on the oﬀshore and 
on site have moved up by about a half a dollar each and while it is so, I think the 
variaƟons in terms of the dollar rupee variaƟon, It will be given eﬀect to the same in 
the books in the current quarter in the fully blown way, which we expect to 
happen. Our uƟlizaƟon has remained healthy, we  have moved up in Marchin terms 
of uƟlizaƟon from 74 to 77 in the oﬀshore and on site remains constant at about 96%. 
The total serviceable clients during the quarter has been 235. We have won about 13 
clients during the quarter with an order value token signed at about 65 million during 
the quarter. The receivable days has shown a remarkable improvement and we are 
there at about only 56 days in terms of DSO on the enhanced revenues and we 
conƟnue to remain buoyant while the geographical sectors as they have predicted 
out, I think BFSI tops with about 21%. And again followed by travel and e-commerce 
at about 17% and 13%. The eﬀorts have all been made, basically, to really a remix on 
the pyramid and to make conƟnuous eﬀorts to see that the boƩom line as well grow 
in tandem with the top line to a reasonable extent, we have generated a posiƟve cash 
ﬂow, about close to INR 30 to 33 crores applying for taxaƟon, probably. We are in 
that about close to a net surplus of ﬁŌeen crores. The current year we have seen a 
couple of milestone based on the approval from the board and relevant shareholders’ 

Page 4 of 13 
approval wherever required. A second year consecuƟve dividend has been applied 
and this was in July. We have done a buyback of shares worth about INR 47 crores, 
including taxaƟon during the month of June. We have also the notable thing being is 
that an all cash acquisiƟon, which has been done, payout has been done out in July 
with all this their cash posiƟon looks very healthy and we are conﬁdent on marching 
ahead. And now with these few words very clearly I invite my Chief Revenue Oﬃcer 
Vinay Rawat to talk about the sales markeƟng eﬀorts, over to you Vinay. 
Mr Vinay Rawat: 
 Good aŌernoon to everyone. I think some of these things actually have already been 
said, but I will just menƟon that as you heard there is a macro environment which is 
actually of uncertainty, which deﬁnitely is causing some recessionary pressures where 
the clients are prioriƟzing some cost iniƟaƟves. However, we are actually hedging 
that enƟre thing through oﬀering digital services in addiƟon to our assurance services 
as a result we actually had a fairly robust order book in the ﬁrst quarter as Krishnan 
just pointed out, and our order pipeline actually remains at a very elevated level and 
the other thing which actually have not noted so far is over our overall sales cycle, so 
there is no meaningful change. We have a sales cycle indicaƟng that our clients are 
coming back, but nevertheless we deﬁnitely see some very cauƟously opƟmisƟc view 
from our customers. They deﬁnitely are de prioriƟzing some of the cost and some of 
the other iniƟaƟves which otherwise they would have taken. So as I said earlier, the 
cost iniƟaƟves are deﬁnitely taking prioriƟes at our customer levels. Other thing, I just 
want to highlight, which Srikant covered very brieﬂy about the data engineering and 
assurance services. That's something which is actually we have started post over 
acquisiƟon of Round Sqr talking to our customers and the iniƟal reacƟon of our 
customers actually have been very posiƟve. That certainly gives me conﬁdence that 
going forward we will deﬁnitely be a partner of choice for our customers, parƟcularly 
in their digital iniƟaƟves, and will conƟnue to maintain our strong pipeline. We 
invested very signiﬁcantly in our sales process modiﬁcaƟons that’s also yielding a 
good amount of process documentaƟon, or if you will be capturing some of the data 
which we were otherwise struggling earlier, so I think that's preƩy much it from my 
side. I will be happy to answer any other quesƟons with regard to sales and sales 
operaƟons. Over to you Krishnan 
Mr. Krishnan Venkatachary:  Now I request Sairam to oﬀer his comments on the markeƟng eﬀorts. 

Page 5 of 13 
Mr. Sairam Vedam: 
 I'll keep it simple. As an organizaƟon our markeƟng eﬀorts are in line with what we 
have outlined as a strategy. How do we posiƟon ourselves as a full cycle value added 
services provider for all our exisƟng customers, Number one, the ampliﬁcaƟon of our 
service porƞolio through the augmented digital engineering on top of our signiﬁcant 
worldwide leadership in digital assurance porƞolio today posiƟons us as a strategic 
partner. Many exisƟng customers today are having very interesƟng conversaƟons 
with us. We're also having a signiﬁcant focus on account based markeƟng to go deep 
into our account, to support the overall sales acceleraƟon process that Vinay is driving 
on the ﬁeld. And since I get to talk to all the industry analysts represenƟng CigniƟ, all 
the analyst interacƟons we had with Carter, Nelson Hall, barrister ISD have 
signiﬁcantly appreciated the acquisiƟon that we made and you would see some 
commentary and outcomes of this by one quarter ahead from some of these analyst 
ﬁrms as well. And to sum it up, I would just like to summarize from Gartner statement 
while the IT services industry buy in itself is expected to grow about 8.3% by 2023 to 
about 1.3 trillion Dollars with a moderated growth of 6.2% in 2022. I would like to 
draw aƩenƟon to the famous statement that John-David Lovelock, the Distinguished 
Research VP at Gartner made signiﬁcant amount of investments that organizaƟon 
enterprises globally who do not invest in the short term will likely to fall behind as 
against investmentsin midterm and long term digital net growth, so that's a proof 
point for what we are seeing. We believe that the market is here to stay and grow or 
companies were focused and that signal were eternally focused in bringing back the 
fundamentals that we as a management or internally focused upon.  That's from my 
side. I will be available for any quesƟons to supplement. Thank you very much 
Krishnan sir over to you.  
Mr. Krishnan Venkatachary:  I will now invite Raghu President and global delivery date to oﬀer his comments in 
terms of the customer and delivery and the client focused technological oﬀering work 
we're providing to the customers.  
Mr. Raghuram Kroviddy:    Thank you Krishnan. I think as the opening remarks of the calls stated, we had a 
fantasƟc quarter in terms of accelerated revenue growth. Our broadened services 
have started resonaƟng with the clients. We have had a lot of discussions with 
our clients with respect to our addiƟonal digital services that we were bringing to the 
porƞolio and we received a very good response and as part of that as all of you would 

Page 6 of 13 
know, it's also important for us to gear up on establishing that capability and scaling 
that capability within the organizaƟon. We have taken steps in that direcƟon and as 
the year progresses we will be able to mature those pracƟces as well. On the 
customer saƟsfacƟon front are recently concluded survey gave us a customer 
saƟsfacƟon of 3.8 out of 4 across 75% of our clients in terms of response not only our 
exisƟng digital assurance services that we provide, but the newer services in the 
digital engineering space that we are going aŌer have been resonaƟng well with the 
clients we are conƟnuing to invest in a key IP components that will help us deliver 
value to our clients both in terms of reducing our costs to serve and also deliver value, 
especially in the data analyƟcs space in the low code, no code plaƞorms and also 
AIML incorporaƟon into a lot of automated tools so we are seeing a signiﬁcant upƟck 
in terms of acceptance and resonance there and we are very conﬁdent that we will 
be able to add more value to our clients in the upcoming quarters. Lastly, from a 
margin standpoint also as Krishnan said and also Srikant alluded to in the opening 
remarks background. We have had a beƩer quarter in terms of our margins. We saw 
the previous quarter irrespecƟve of the fact that we took a hit on the wage revision 
that happened in the previous quarter. So that's the broad outlook from our delivery 
standpoint. Krishnan thanks over to you.  
Mr. Krishnan Venkatachary:    Yeah, thank you Raghu. Gentlemen now we can open the forum for quesƟon answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Our ﬁrst quesƟon is from Rutvik PaƟl of Chrys Investment. Please go 
ahead.  
Rutvik PaƟl: 
 So does the management see any improvement in the margin going forward and like 
what's the strategy like coming in the next coming quarters for the same?  
Management: 
 OK, to answer it, what I understand from your quesƟon very clearly you're talking 
about the margin moving forward and also the coming quarters in terms of how it's 
the outlook looks. OK, we are not currently, deﬁnitely as we have been staƟng very 
clearly. We are not in the process of giving any guidance clearly, but however if you 
look at it, I think as I as we stated earlier, is that we did take a genuine it in our margins 
in terms of the investments which are necessitated for the business transfer, because 
we do not carry that expenses into the balance sheet, and we observed that in the 
quarter which it is being spent. The second porƟon is that we it was necessitated also 
by the environment in terms of the high level aƩriƟon which we had to spend out in 
a revision in November and revision again, which is an annual cycle in April. Which 

Page 7 of 13 
was necessity at that Ɵme. So keeping all that and a oneƟme cost all that which is not 
geƫng repeated out or clear. We are opƟmisƟc cauƟously that these margins will 
come back to the previous levels where we have been very clearly and the outlook 
remain posiƟve. In terms of the business, as when I did comment in terms of how we 
have penetrated into the accounts and how Raghu has said that we have moved 
ahead in terms of oﬀering evaluated services with these combinaƟons currently, with 
the current set of order book and also the kind of order wins. What we are 
making, basically I think the outlook remains absolutely posiƟve.  
Rutvik PaƟl: 
OK, that's very reassuring. So what is the current on site and oﬀshore mix for the 
quarter end? And is there any changes that we will see for this mix going ahead?  
Management: 
I would put it this way very clearly is that we have opƟmized to a greater extent on 
the pyramid with respect to the onsite and oﬀshore with respect to the resource 
mix. If you look at the resource mix, clearly we are there at about close to 23% to
77%. If you look at it on the revenue front, marginal points in terms can come through 
with respect to oﬀshore, but I think it will remain more or less at this point, We are
trying to look at it because my oﬀshore is more and more margin oriented so I may
have some amount but the newer technology is coming through very clearly. I think
it's essenƟal to be near to the client, which is very important. So invariably I think I
would deﬁnitely not count on this lever invariably, rather I will count on the lever in
terms of the business transformaƟon iniƟaƟves which I am taking with respect to the
newer oﬀerings And the pyramid mix with respect to the newer set of people coming 
in so invariably to answer your quesƟon, my next, more or less seems opƟmized.
Barring per 1% Ɵlt here and there.
Rutvik PaƟl: 
OK, so also the aŌer the recent buyback of shares by the management in this year in 
the FY23 are we going to see or witness any such kind of corporate acƟons like that.  
Management: 
 It is for the board to decide from Ɵme to Ɵme in terms of these kind of proposals to 
run through what we have done now the law sƟpulates for us to wait for another 12 
months to do that, invariably, so what we have done is basically in the while there 
have been amount of cash,what best can be done is to give a reward to the investors 
in terms of trying to be dividend distribuƟon paid by back is various ideas which leŌ 
or right now I think we also have various measures coming up with respect to all 
possible ideas will be signed up and reviewed by the board. So invariably what is 
permissible within the law and what is permissible within the company, considering 

Page 8 of 13 
the growth and considering the aggressive growth plans, what we have over the next 
ﬁve years, I think an appropriate acƟon will be taken.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next quesƟon is from Deepak Poddar of Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
 I just wanted to understand that we have said in the past as well that 15% EBITDA 
margin has always been our target rate and you said in this call as well that we are 
opƟmisƟc about that the margins will come back to this previous level. Maybe we are 
referring to this 15% EBITDA margin.  
Management: 
We are not going to give guidance but we have an intent to obviously push the 
margins beyond.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And any rough Ɵmeline that we are looking at, I mean what sort of Ɵmeline we 
might look at over the bank.  
Management: 
 See all these quesƟons are alluding to guidance only, so the eﬀorts are in line to 
improve Q on Q. Let me put it this way Deepak. Probably we are doing the right things 
now. Well it's not that we have not done the right things. We have adopted, 
transformed the business in doing the right things over the last two years, keeping 
the COVID in mind. So which means that there is a technology push. There is a 
transformaƟon push with respect to the people and the way we approach at what 
level and where we are creaƟng the sƟckiness. So we have done all the. Where is the 
quesƟon that the margins cannot occur as we have seen in this quarter. So this will 
accrue deﬁnitely because the chain of businesses, but I think any business as its 
maturity cover as it starts when we have implemented all this, what we have invested 
over the last six quarters have seen the results in a quarter, but I think it will see an 
upward trend moving up. So probably we'll have to wait for a couple of quarters when 
we see a trend line where it is going. You can't ﬁx a deﬁniƟve deadline to say that, in 
the next four quarters I'm going to be at 18%, 16%, 10% because this is business and 
where we are going to apply and these levers are working and we will continue the 
trend line in such a way. We tried to accelerate this as much as possible as a company 
will be more focused in terms of giving their return to investors and we'll be more 
keen to have it at the earliest, but I don't think We can tag a Ɵmeline to it. I'm sure 
you'll agree to this 

Page 9 of 13 
Deepak Poddar: 
And my ﬁnal query is, I think on liƩle on the longer term. I think we have stated earlier 
as well our $500 million growth journey in ﬁve years, so that's the vision we have. I 
mean, in terms of the things that we are doing.  
Management: 
 We are on track so there's an internal region mission statement guidance reference 
book that we have and we are on track to achieve those milestones 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next quesƟon is from Dipen Sheth of Buoyant Capital. 
Dipen Sheth: 
 So the quesƟon I have is actually on the delivered margins this quarter. And while 
we're all focusing and talking about the EBITDA margin, I think the basic unit 
economics of the business and indeed, the aƩracƟveness of this kind of business 
comes from the gross margin that we can deliver, and frankly, this quarter has 
probably seen the worst gross margins that I've seen in recent Ɵmes. We are now 
under 20% or am I geƫng something wrong here?  
Management: 
No, actually, I can your quesƟon is probably then I can give the staƟsƟcs is that our 
gross margin if we have to account it in two forms in terms of one is an account margin 
and second thing is that giving all the provisioning for the buﬀer and various other 
things put together is that my gross margin stands at about 32.3% while my account 
margin should stands at about 37%. While 32.3 deﬁnitely considering salary divisions 
across the board and last quarter has been the probably the worst hit where we have 
done a gross margin at about 30% or so. So we have increased about 200 basis points 
from that. However, on a standalone basis on a month on month basis, we look at it 
on the month of June. We have already touched the magical numbers edging close to 
35, which is precisely at about 34.85% in terms of gross margin. So gross margin 
overall for the quarter has been there at about 32.3 and this is not the worst quarter 
we have seen. The worst quarter which we have leŌ behind. And we have moved 
ahead and we do anƟcipate that a posiƟve outlook moving from here.  
Dipen Sheth: 
So I really don't know how you compute this margin now because all I have in your 
stated ﬁnancials is that I'll tell you how I do this. OK, I just add up your employee 
beneﬁts expense and the contracƟng costs. And then I subtract them from the 
delivered revenues, and if that's what I do, then the enƟre margin expansion 
sequenƟally is actually due to the reducƟon in other expenses, which shouldn't and 
doesn't ﬁgure in gross margins. At least that is the way I'm doing it, I don't know how 
you guys do this.  

Page 10 of 13 
Management: 
If you look at it in terms of the exchanges and various other mechanisms. So basically 
there are only two lines of items which are reported. One is that employee beneﬁt 
expense and the other is the other expenses. The employee beneﬁt expense includes 
the non-billable people such as sales and general administraƟon, markeƟng all these 
costs.  I will have to dissect and give you the data. Very clearly which I will take it a 
point to provide it in my next investor presentaƟon in terms of giving up completed 
break up for that, salaries cost so that you'll be able to compute the very clear over 
the next quarter as to how the margins are spanned out.  
Dipen Sheth: 
I really don't want to stretch this point. All I'm saying is that if I do a like for like 
comparison with the sequenƟally previous quarter or the one year ago. AŌer this 
margin number, if I just take out the headline manpower costs whether you by adding 
up employees and hired contractor costs this as a percentage of revenues seems to 
be the highest it has been in the three reported quarters on this quarter.  
Management: 
Yes, then it will be because it depends on the investments where it has gone in. The 
investment is not aﬀecƟng my gross margin. But it will aﬀect my EBITDA. If my 
investments have been remixed, for example, I could have opƟmized on my direct 
delivery cost, but I could have spent a liƩle bit on the sales and markeƟng to really 
accelerate or push the acceleraƟon for the next a couple of years. So I do understand 
and take a point simple to talk about it when my revenue quarter to quarter is 
increased by 34 crores. My salary cost has also increased, including contractors by 34 
crores. So my comparison would be very clearly in saying that how my gross margin 
is panned out purely by delivering the goods and how much I've spent towards is, say, 
send them and how much I've spent towards the end date and where I can try to go 
ahead and get back to the table to see that. OK, these are genuine investments which 
are necessary to isolate it for the future. And also I can turn on it and then opƟmize 
on it. So that is I can give you a break up completely on that over the last six quarters 
or eight quarters or whatever it is can probably we can take it up now.  
Dipen Sheth: 
Yeah, we can do that oﬄine maybe and the second bit is that the other expenses 
falling by some 12-13 crores sequenƟally. So what is this reducƟon aƩributable to and 
how do we interpret this number? 
Management: 
Yeah, see if you look at it invariably the other expenses, there has been some 
reducƟon in one is in the ascendant cost. Second thing is that we also had some legal 
costs, which is reduced, and the third one is that we also have the API is reversal cost, 

Page 11 of 13 
which we sat in the other cost in the previous quarter. So all that. Have not repeatable 
and that is one thing which is cause for reducƟon. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next quesƟon is from Abhishek Tilwani, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Tilwani: 
My quesƟon was around the acquisiƟon. So what kind of revenues and margins was 
the latest that we had from Aparaa digital private limited?  
Management: 
I ﬁgured the acquisiƟon. I think we have looked at it more in terms of the capability 
stack, which can really penetrate into the set of readymade channel of accounts 
which are available for us. So they have done a revenue of about close to 2.8 million 
when we acquired them in last March which is the last year ﬁnancial number. And 
projected to do a revenue of about 5.7 million this year while 2.8 million for them 
they carried out an EBITDA which was about close to 18% or so. So the current year 
basically more orders could be there or probably around that shared percentage 
lower because they need to invest back into a liƩle bit on the sales eﬀorts. Also, along 
with our sales teams penetraƟng into it so that could be the number which we are 
looking at about. Say we can round it out to say that this year could be about 6 
million with about 18% EBITDA coming through, but what is more essenƟal and what 
is more criƟcal for us in the current year is that the penetraƟng pipeline at which 
they're going to contribute for the enƟre combined CigniƟ growth on the digital 
revenue where we have already idenƟﬁed pipeline work. Possibility is that it could be 
in the range of about 20 to 30 million generate team which can get executed in a 
period of about 12 to 18 months’ Ɵme frame, that is what we are targeƟng.  
Abhishek Tilwani: 
So what we are saying is from 6 million it can go to approximately 15 million in in next 
couple of years. 
Management: 
 Absolutely, but then that will not be a guidance. It is only based on certain esƟmates, 
which we are trying to go through because the kind of acquisiƟon is basically more of 
strategic in terms of trying to increase our bandwidth of oﬀerings to the exisƟng 
clients and to remain sƟcky and then move forward and penetrate.  
Abhishek Tilwani: 
And when would this revenue integrate into our numbers?  
Management: 
That's a good quesƟon. EﬀecƟve July 1st is the eﬀective date. 

Page 12 of 13 
Abhishek Tilwani: 
OK, my next quesƟon was, I mean, can we expect the Cash from operaƟons for this 
year could be around 130 crores? 
Management: 
 If we go by the numbers what it stands out today basically, from Q1 I expect this to 
be in the range of about 90 to 100 cores  
Abhishek Tilwani: 
And this is aŌer adjusƟng all the working capital side. 
Management: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next quesƟon is from Rutvik PaƟl of Chrys 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Rutvik PaƟl: 
 So a couple of quesƟons Sir. One is on the human capital side so the IT industry is 
facing couple of aƩriƟon though the industry overall so how has overall the company 
geared to tackle this kind of a problem?  
Management: 
The trend seems to be sort of encouraging in terms of lower aƩriƟon, but having said 
that, it's fully not stabilized yet. We are doing the usual things to control aƩriƟon, 
but apart from that, we're also exploring innovaƟve models of aƩracƟng 
people. Maybe part Ɵme basis or so. So exploring we are sƟll like I menƟoned in the 
earlier calls re-aƩracƟng the talent back, improving employee engagement, talking 
about things like IP and all of those things to generate excitement. That is one aspect 
but the other aspect is trying to see if we can look at where the models are hiring. 
Rutvik PaƟl: 
So I believe that the management decided to form a ESOP trust, or secondly, 
acquisiƟon of shares. So how this is going to be structured, or is this a way to retain 
top talent of the company?  
Management: 
Yeah, so this is sƟll in the formaƟve stages. We intend to create a structure and take 
it to the board and of course look at it as a form of engaging people for long term, 
you know, valuable contributor.  
Rutvik PaƟl: 
OK, so could you help us elaborate on the signatories 5G assurance services and the 
digital model that's followed with 10 codes?  
Management: 
I think from a 5G assurance standpoint we had created our own IP which is called 
insight and the goal was to drive a lot of experience assurance, especially in the 5G 

Page 13 of 13 
world given the drop in latency and increase in bandwidth and stuﬀ like that. So as 
part of that last year we sort of put together a plaƞorm. We also Ɵed up with a couple 
of companies in the Dallas region, to be able to see whether we can set-up something 
as a joint oﬀering and that discussions are have gone to a certain level. But we need 
to measure them further and therefore the whole context of 5G and digital assurance 
related to that today we are focusing on the experience assurance part of it. That's 
the oﬀering that is at play right now.  
Rutvik PaƟl: 
I believe the company is also made a couple of investments in NCDs and bonds of 
about 1200 million aƩributes. So what's the strategy on this front?  
Management: 
Treasury investments for being regularly monitored. Wherever the investments are 
yielding with less risk in terms of an average return which are preƩy decent made 
around a good above industry's average. I think we are trying to take up AAA 
rated papers as well. And we're more constantly monitoring, and we have also during 
the quarter, if we look through. Basically we have also matured three of the bonds 
out, and I think there's a Ɵght leash is kept in terms of monitoring that. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further quesƟons on 
today's conference and I hand over the conference back Srikanth Chakkilam for 
closing comments, please go ahead, Sir.  
Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam:      So thank you everyone for your parƟcipaƟon in the call. I look forward to the next 
quarter results.   
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that then concludes the conference 
call and you may disconnect the lines.  
 This is a transcripƟon and may contain transcripƟon errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity.  
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an eﬀort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
