 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: Sec/SE/143/2022-23 
August 10,2022 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 531213 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051         
Scrip Code: MANAPPURAM 
  
Dear Sir / Madam, 
  
Sub: Concall Transcript of the Q1 Results Conference Call held on 04.08.2022 
Ref: Ref: SEC/SE/126/22-23 dated 30th July, 2022 
 
With reference to the above, kindly take on record the concall transcript of Q1 Results 
Conference Call held on 04.08.2022. The same had been updated in company’s website 
also. 
 
Path:https://www.manappuram.com/public/uploads/editor-
images/files/ElaraSec-Manappuram-04Aug-2022.pdf 
  
 
 
  
Thanking You. 
  
Yours Faithfully, 
For Manappuram Finance Limited 
  
  
Manoj Kumar V.R. 
Company Secretary 
Ph: +91 9946239999 
MANOJKUMAR 
V R
Digitally signed by MANOJKUMAR V R 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=3934, 
pseudonym=3f7d8785d77fb57dd41384a01ace5999cb26a0cd22
b7f334f205d40dbfb622b7, postalCode=680581, st=Kerala, 
serialNumber=ec0b07b2d06a85987aa84d48d23761b1c13f03d6
6989437cb6348bc1a592cc87, cn=MANOJKUMAR V R 
Date: 2022.08.10 14:33:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Manappuram Finance Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               
                    
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. V. P. NANDAKUMAR, MD AND CEO, MANAPPURAM 
FINANCE LIMITED 
                                             
MS. BINDU A. L. - CFO, MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
                                              
MR. B. N. RAVEENDRA BABU - MD, ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
LIMITED  
                                            
MR. 
RAJESH 
NAMBOODIRIPAD 
- 
CFO, 
ASIRVAD 
MICROFINANCE LIMITED  
                                             
MR. K SENTHIL KUMAR - HEAD VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT 
FINANCE, MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
                                              
MR. SUVEEN P. S. - CEO, MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE  
                                              
MR. BIKASH KUMAR MISHRA - CFO, MANAPPURAM HOME 
FINANCE 
MODERATOR: 
           MS. SHWETA DAPTARDAR – ELARA SECURITIES  
         PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
                                              
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Manappuram 
Finance Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara 
Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participants lines will be 
in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
I now hand the conference over to Shweta Daptardar from Elara 
Securities. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
 
 Shweta Daptardar:   Thank you, Kathy. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Elara 
Capital, we welcome you all to the earnings conference call of 
Manappuram Finance Limited to discuss the Q1 FY'23 performance. 
From the esteemed management, we have with us today Mr. V. P. 
Nandakumar, MD and CEO; Ms. Bindu A.L:, CFO; Mr. B N 
Raveendra Babu, MD Asirvad Microfinance Limited; Mr. Rajesh 
Namboodiripad, CFO Asirvad Microfinance Limited; Mr. K Senthil 
Kumar, Head Vehicle and Equipment Finance; Mr. Suveen P.S., 
CEO, Manappuram Home Finance; Mr. Bikash Kumar Mishra, CFO 
Manappuram Home Finance. 
 
Without further ado, I now hand over the call to Mr. Nandakumar for 
his opening comments post which we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Thank you, Shweta. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome 
to our Q1 FY'23 conference call. In our last concall, I made a 
reference to the rather uneven recovery of the economy and its impact 
on our growth. We have now been able to see a momentum picking 
up and we hope to capitalize on the upbeat mood in the coming 
quarter. 
 
However, a discussion of the macroeconomics scenario has to take 
note of the intense speculation about a possible downturn in the U.S. 
economy, its global impacts and the concerns on the rupee exchange 
rates. But going by result indicators there is every likelihood that 
India will be able to tame the external headwinds and come out of this 
phase as an outlier. In an important decision, that came on July 1st, 
The Central Bank hiked the customs duty of gold from 7.5% to 12.5% 
to create more fiscal headroom and we don't foresee any negative 
impact on gold prices or the gold loan business. Rural India shows 
good promise with tractor sales going up, and the digital penetration 
reaching unprecedented levels, even though the inflation is slowing 
down the recovery process to an extent. 
 
In the last con call, I also talked about competition among NBFCs and 
how we decided to take a more prudent approach rather than engaging 
in non-economical market phenomenon. So, the gold loan portfolio of 
the company stands at INR 20,471 crore, representing a growth of 
23.6% when compared with the first quarter FY'22. Overall, the 
consolidated assets under management has reached INR 30,760  
crore, representing an increase of 24.3% over the year ago quarter, 
and up by 1.6% quarter-on-quarter. The consolidated net profit of 
INR 282 crore is an improvement of 8% over the preceding quarter. 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
There is more competition now in the gold loan sector but we are not 
unduly worried because there is still a lot of untapped potential. 
 
At Manappuram we believe in long-term growth and not short-term 
gain. We are really optimistic about long-term prospects of the 
company’s microfinance subsidiary, Asirvad, which has an AUM of 
INR 7,013 crore showing a growth of 15.8% year-on-year. The latest 
guideline by RBI for MFI, especially the removal of the 10% spread  
cap has created a playing field and is expected to expand the market 
for all players including us. 
 
We have seen maximum growth in the Vehicle Finance business 
recording 68% increase year-on-year with an AUM of NR1,755 crore. 
The home loan business asset has reached INR875 crore registering a 
3.49% increase over the corresponding quarter in FY'22. 
  
MSME and others have increased to INR 1,113 crore as of 30th June 
2022. 
 
For a more comprehensive review of our financial performance, I 
hand the floor to our CFO, Ms. Bindu A.L. 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you 
all for joining us. Now coming to the operational overview, our 
consolidated AUM for Q1 FY'23 was INR30,760 crore, up by 1.6% 
Q-on-Q and up by 24.3 percentage by year-wise. Consolidated profit 
after tax was INR282 crore for Q1 FY'23, which was up by 8% Q-o-
Q. ROE on a consolidated basis was 13% and ROA was 3.3% for the 
quarter ended June 2022. Our current leverage is currently only 2.8 
times. 
 
Our GNPA as on 30th June 2022 is at 1.43 % versus 2.95% during the 
previous quarter. We are carrying surplus liquidity across all 
businesses. Cash and cash equivalents on hand on a consolidated 
basis was INR2,150 crore and undrawn bank line was INR3,195 
crore. Our CP exposure is only 1% of total borrowings in the 
standalone entity. Our ALM is well positioned across all the buckets. 
Standalone borrowing cost has gone up to 7.47% compared to 7.15% 
in Q4 FY'22 due to the repo rate hike of 90 basis points. 
 
Talking about the gold loan business, it constitutes 67% of 
consolidated AUM 
and the remaining 33% comprises of 
microfinance, vehicle, housing and SME finance. Gold loan AUM 
increased by 1.5 % Q-on-Q and up by 23.6 %, Y-o-Y. Gold loan yield 
improved to 19.4% in Q1 and thereafter 21.7% in July compared to 
18.8% into Q4 FY'22. During the quarter, we were able to add 4.2 
lakh new customers. Gold loan average ticket size and average 
duration was INR56,272 and 84 days, respectively. Our whole 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
standalone PAT was INR290 crore, up by 9.4% Q-on-Q and down by 
31.8% Y-o-Y. ROE at 14.4% versus 13.5% is in March 2022. Total 
number of gold loan customers are 24.5 lakh, with gold loan book at 
INR20,471 crore. Our weighted average LTV stands at INR3051 per 
gram or 65% of the gold price, as on 30th June 2022. 
 
Coming to Microfinance, Asirvad AUM stands at INR7,013 crore, 
flat Q-o-Q and up by 16% Y-o-Y due to process changes and 
transition to revise RBI guidelines in April 2022, disbursements were 
low. Since May 2022 onwards monthly run rate of growth in MFI 
business is around INR150 crore, at an improved yield of 24% 
compared to 20.3% up to March 2022. Our collection efficiency from 
MFI business at 102% and disbursements during the quarter was 
INR1,098 crore. In the light of RBI’s new MFI regulation, we are in 
the process of building a higher, secured gold loan book in Asirvad. 
The gold loan AUM as on 30th June 2022 in Asirvad stands at 
INR421 crore. Cumulative ECL provision in Asirvad is INR463 
crore, net NPA stands at 1.91%. 
 
Coming to Vehicle Finance business. We have reported an AUM of 
INR1,755 crore, which is up by 6.8% Q-o-Q and up by 68% Y-o-Y. 
Collection efficiency for the quarter was 100%. GNPA has come 
down to 4% from 6.7%. 
 
The Home Loan business has a total book of INR875 crore, which is 
up by 3.5% Q-o-Q and 30.9% Y-o-Y. This business reported a profit 
of INR5.2 crore during the quarter. Collection efficiency is at 97%. 
GNPA is maintained at 5.9%. 
 
Now to MSME and others, INR1,113 crore. Collection efficiency 
107% and GNPA at 1.6%. Provisions and write-offs for the 
standalone entity at INR8.8 crore compared to only INR23.6 crore in 
Q4 FY'22. The board declared an interim dividend of INR0.75 for this 
quarter. Our capital position is strong and the company is well 
capitalized with a capital adequacy ratio of 31.4%. Consolidated net 
worth stands at INR8,574 crore [ph], book value at INR1.013. 
 
We can now go for Q&A. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:   
Thank you very much, madam. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now 
begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
 
 Piran Engineer:   
Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is, what 
percentage of the book is still in teaser loan. Hello? Am I audible? 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Yes Piran. It is around 10% of our book. 
 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 Piran Engineer:   
And this will mature in 2Q or what? When does this sort of run 
down? 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
So it will be -- the maturity up to December '22. 
 
 Piran Engineer:   
Okay. And how do we really think about yields going forward? Right 
now 21.7%. Does it go back to that 25% level or does it settle around 
22% to 23%? 
 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   So I hope it will be settled around to 21% to 21.5%. 
 
 Piran Engineer:   
Okay. So, July yields is what is indicative of the future. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes. Yes. This is indicative of the future, but if rates move further, the 
reference rates move further and borrowing costs escalate to that 
extent it may go up at this level, at the current level even at 50 bps 
increase in the policy rate. Then I think it will settle somewhere 
around 21% and 22% maximum. 
  
Piran Engineer:   
Got it. And sir, second question on your Slide 17 where you talk to Q-
o-Q growth of gold loan for the banks, this is only personal gold loan, 
right? You're not taking --? 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
The data that we have taken. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   It is only personal gold loan.  
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Yes. 
  
Piran Engineer:   
So, banks you are saying now are becoming less competitive. What 
about competition within the NBFC space of either the stand-alone 
gold financers or the multi-product NBFCs who also do gold loan? 
How is competition from them? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Look, competition is there for the new product. Competition would be 
there. What I said is, even though there is competition and the 
competitive landscape may enlarge also, but in India, we have vast 
custody of gold. And, yes, there is a gold bought in also to the tune of 
around 800 tonnes to 1000 tonnes annually and that major portion is 
still going for jewelry, the workhouse of jewelry et cetera. So, when 
the competition landscape increases, widens, the family gold also 
increases. And so, we can expect competition. Most players will 
come, but at the same time the possibilities and opportunities are also 
increasing. 
 
 Piran Engineer:   
No, but I mean, are they more competitive today than they were six 
months back or competition has gone down a bit from then? 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   It is... 
  
Piran Engineer:   
I understand competition will always be there, but is it more or is it 
less? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   See, the competition is similar to what it was six months back. The 
current situation is, from the lower performance the demand has not 
come to the level of pre-COVID. So. it is very evident from other 
segments also that there is lot of small ticket borrowing. Yes, whether 
it is small ticket borrowing for housing finance or two-wheeler, small 
cars, so the demand is yet to pick up to the level of pre-COVID. But 
at the same time, it is showing consistent improvement. Particularly 
for the gold loan, the demand starts from school re-openings season, 
et cetera. We have seen some demand and the real demand comes 
when in the agri, sowing season starts. Sowing season starts post 
monsoon. From September onwards it will start. So we hope, by that 
time, with the segment where the demand is seen less now also will 
catch up. 
  
Piran Engineer:   
Okay. Okay. And sir, just one other thing that if growth remains 
sluggish as we are delivering 1% or 2% Q-o-Q, will the industry not 
again reintroduce teaser loans to gain, to get some growth ticket? Like 
it you can happen again in Diwali, right? Or is that not a possibility? 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes. See, what we look at these, yes, we have also introduced some 
teaser schemes. Now after doing that, what we feel is, we should 
always have an eye on the profitability. So with an eye on 
profitability, we want to give importance to the yield now. So we 
want to see a stable yield in the sense that it will not go down below 
20% to 21%. And within that, what is the growth percent, we feel like 
it is possible, so we hope here situations will improve. 
 
Another picture for us is, Asirvad coming back particularly in the 
background of the regulatory changes for removing NIM cap and 
allowing these companies to up to 25% of the non-NIM portfolio, 
which we are utilizing to build the gold loan portfolio. That is, we 
have started that. And overall, it has grown around INR400 crore. I 
feel like this quarter will have; I mean there will be significant growth 
there. And other businesses like commercial vehicle finance, MSME 
finance, these are also showing good rate of growth. So, things are 
going to improve from here onwards. And the things should come 
back very soon. 
 
 Piran Engineer:   
Got it. Sir, just lastly. Muthoot got RBI approval to open 150 new 
branches last month. Any update for us? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   So, we are also waiting. Yes, we are awaiting that. 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Piran Engineer:   
Okay. Anything more you can share on that front? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes. They have conducted an inspection and there are some action 
points which we can do during this quarter and hope once these are 
completed, we will also get the branch opening permission. 
  
Piran Engineer:   
Okay. Understood. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Okay. 
  
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
  
Sanket Chheda:   
Yes. Hi, sir. So, my question was on again, yields. We are seeing that 
in July yields have moved to 21.7%. And we are saying that moving 
ahead, it should stay at 20% to 21%. Then how should we look at 
growth in the gold loan book? What should we aspire for this year 
going ahead? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   So yes, so today the growth is flat, but we all hope that the 
improvement will take place. The improvement will happen when 
demand from the lower level really catches up. I hope this will catch 
up soon with the sowing season which will start just after this month. 
So, we hope things will improve from September. So, gold loan is 
stagnant now. But I see the other segments already growing like 
commercial vehicle segment, MSME segment are showing quality 
growth. And also, our MFI also will perform well in the coming 
quarters and I expect, we are able to clear to the pre-COVID portfolio, 
which is not very significant now. So this will happen in the next two 
quarters, hopefully, then it will come back to model of around 5% 
ROA. So, this will significantly support the consolidated balance 
sheet and P&L. 
 
 Sanket Chheda:   
Okay. So as of now, you are not putting any number on gold or 
overall AUM gold loan? 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   No, no. Gold loan, I have said around 10% growth. You have seen, 
we could, a figure around less than 2%. So, I have the hope that in the 
coming quarters, it will pick up. I am not saying the growth will be 
achieved, it will pick up, this is my hope, whereas in all of the 
segments, we will achieve a growth much more than 20%. 
  
Sanket Chheda:   
Okay. Okay. And while sir competitions from banks, you are saying it 
is the same to what it was at six months back but then are we seeing 
any competition from unorganized space? Are any signs of that shift 
happening, from unorganized to organized, because now the 
differential has widened, though we are at 20%, 21% versus 22% 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
earlier, the differential has widened. So, are we seeing anything on 
that front? 
 
 Sanket Chheda:   
So, for the unorganized sector, as well as the NBFCs for renewal, for 
improving the yield, the demand should come from lower-middle 
class. Lower middle class in the sense that who borrows an average of 
INR 1 lakh or below INR 1 lakh. This is a segment which will 
definitely help us on two things. One, push of the AUM up and also 
the yield up. That segment this year. 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   To catch up fully. So, this is what I've said early, in this segment 
across all business, the demand is less. So, post monsoon, I hope 
things will pick up. We expected that to pick up when those school 
reopening season starts. There was some growth but after that this 
year the spend without these lower segment was less, but post-
COVID, post monsoon, when they go for purchasing fertilizer, 
sowing assets et cetera., they have no other way, but to have the 
working capital and by the time I hope it will catch up. So that the 
targeted growth would be possible in the coming months. 
 
 Sanket Chheda:   
Okay. Sir, and last question from my side. Have we provided 
anything on contingency on our Assam Expert or they are out of our 
MFI book or do we see any potential gain out there in the coming 
quarters? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:  
So the collection in MFI segment during the quarter end reached at 
102%. So we are able to collect beyond the ability. So, on an average. 
I am telling on an average. And specifically to Assam we are first of 
all, we have a small portfolio and we don't have -- we didn't have the 
portfolio in branches as well, which actually saw a serious recovery 
problem. So, in Assam also the collection -- our collection saw come 
back to similar to other states. There is only a marginal decline 
compared to the neighboring state. 
  
Sanket Chheda:   
Sure, sir. Those were the questions from me. 
 
 Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Alpesh from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Yes, hi. Good evening, sir. First question is on the Slide Number 18 
when I see the 1Q auctions which were at INR1500 crore, and when I 
see the 4Q auctions, which are right around INR920 crore. But 
however, the impact on the yield in March was significantly higher as 
compared to June in numbers that we have reported in 1Q. What was 
the specific reason? You have mentioned that there is a one-time 
auction? What was that exactly and why the loss was relatively less in 
1Q of last year? 
 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Bindu A.L:   
So, slide 18 you're talking about the yield slide, right? 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Yield slide. Right. Yes, that's right. 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Yes. So March '22, the yield has come down due to the auction. You 
were aware... 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
What was the exact figure Bindu, what was the auction amount in 
March, the one-time loss related to that, for the auction? 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
For that, I will come back. It was around INR1,000 crore. Q4 was 
INR920 crore. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
No, auction for March month, you have mentioned INR618 crore, but 
there is no specific amount given for the losses related to that. 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Yes. So overall, there was an impact on the overall yield due to two 
reasons. One is the low yield product, plus this auction loss. The 
specific number of auction loss on account of this INR618 crore 
auction, I will come back to you. 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. And then if I correlate this auction for 4Q versus 1Q of last 
year, the yield was not impacted so much in 1Q FY'22 day got 
impacted significantly in 4Q FY'22? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Okay. So if we compare the auctions in Q1 of FY'22, we were at 
25%, 26% yield. 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Yes. But the auctions were almost INR1550 crore whereas when you 
look at the 4Q FY'22 yield, yield was 18.8% but the auctions were 
two-third of what was there in 1Q FY'22. I understand there was 
obviously pricing pressures related to the product. But auction-related 
losses seem to be significantly up. 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Yes. So, two reasons. One is the lower yielding product we were at a 
low yield. Every month it was coming down. So I get back with the 
details of how much relating to the yield issue and the auction loss. 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. The second question is on gold loan. Now on the gold loan 
branches, in Asirvad we have opened 320 branches which are 
dedicated specifically to gold loan. So, do we have to go through the 
RBI to get the approval related to that, once we cross the threshold of 
INR1000 crore, we don't have to go to the RBI for that? 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   See, 1000 branches alone is not the criteria. It is one of the criteria. So 
for Asirvad, even if it crosses 1000 branches, we need not go. 
Because there is another thing. This is applicable only for gold loan 
company. As long as portfolio is below 80%, it is not defined as a 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
gold loan company. Anyway, but in MFI there is a cap of 25%. 
Beyond 25%, the non-MFI portfolios cannot grow. So, the question 
doesn't arise. 
Alpesh Mehta:   
So, basically we can open the gold loan specific branches in Asirvad 
without going to RBI? 
 
 V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes. Without prior approval. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay and the branch reclassification, which has the number of 
branches reduced in the previous quarter which is on Slide number 27 
related to Asirvad, is it because of this reclassification? 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   Branch decline? 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
So when I looked at Slide number 27, the Asirvad branches reported 
for FY'22, 1062, whereas in the previous quarter it was 1500 plus. Is 
there any reclassification here? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
So, one is MFI branches and other one is including gold loan 
branches. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. So earlier we used to report including gold loan branches now 
it's dedicated MFI branches. 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Yes. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   It is MFI branches and gold loan branches. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay just the last question, the Asirvad AUM which is reported on 
slide number 26 which is INR7000 crore, whereas in the earlier slides 
the MFI related AUM around INR6400 crore. So, difference is the 
gold loan in Asirvad? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Yes. INR421 crore gold loan and INR6500 all the numbers in MFI. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. And in case of Asirvad our cost of points declined almost 30 
basis points whereas, I see for the standalone operations which has 
gone up and the higher yielding borrowing that got matured in 
Asirvad or something from PSL related anything that will decide over 
it? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
With the NIM cap removal we are taking a lot of efforts to reduce the 
cost of borrowing in Asirvad. Earlier it was borrowing costs plus 
10%. So, we are negotiating with the lenders and that is a return some 
high cost of borrowing with the surplus liquidity they were able to 
repay, and that is the reason they were able to maintain the borrowing 
cost with slight 10%. 
  

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. And sir, what is your experience related to this RBI new 
guidelines related to the calculation of the AUM gold income in the 
MFI business, are you seeing any impact on your business or, what 
percentage of the portfolio was already qualified that could you like 
to be? Any experience based on the implementation on that household 
income calculation? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Household income calculation. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes, yes. Household income. See, the RBI guidelines accordingly, we 
changed our software and our field staff is trained. So we started 
doing like from the very beginning. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. So, was entire... 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   We captured the household income, et cetera, and stuff and we are 
capping the maximum at 50% to the EMI repayments et cetera, 
whatever has been, whatever amendments have been made in the 
regulation has been implemented and controlled using the software. 
 
 Alpesh Mehta:   
Any impact on our outstanding portfolio because of this 
implementation? 
 
 V.P. Nandakumar:   No, not outstanding. So this is on the incremental portfolio only. No, 
that is why this is possible. So there is no impact on the outstanding 
portfolio. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. Great. Thank you, and all the best. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Thank you. 
  
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Madam, Bindu madam, first thing, rather than talking about yields, I 
would say, can you kind of guide on the spreads that we will be 
looking to maintain because I understand yields could be a function of 
how interest rates kind of behave or how, what actions RBI takes. So 
if you could just help us understand, I mean while the spreads have 
improved on a sequential basis, while you have already shared yields 
on 21.7% as in July, can you help us understand, I mean where was 
cost of borrowings in July? Just to understand what kind of spread 
that in making now? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
Okay. So we were at 19.7% gold loan yield in Q1 and our overall 
AUM limit is around 19.7% and 7.47% is our cost of borrowing. But 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
the increasing yield is higher than the increase in cost of borrowing. 
And that is the reason we expect an improvement in the spread. 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
So when 7.47%, this was the cost of borrowings as on, let's say in 
June quarter. What is the cost of borrowings as on July? So, 
comparable number for 21.7% yields that you have reported as in 
July? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
So this July it is not very different. It depends on the new roll over 
which we are doing. So, during the quarter, we expect that another 
only 25 basis points to 30 basis points increase in the cost of 
borrowing. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Got it. And secondly, I mean I was seeing except for the first 20 days 
of April there, I mean the gold prices that actually spiked, there was 
not a very I mean significant change in gold prices at least during the 
first quarter. So I mean how do we kind of explain the sequential 
decline in your gold holdings? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   See, the gold holding will decline with the prices going up because 
see people are borrowing to meet their requirements and they have, 
they know the necessity and they are redeeming it in the time frame. 
So they internally held the calculation of both the cash flow and 
affordability to borrow, as far as gold loan is concerned, unlike many 
other loans. So, when the gold price goes up, LTV is absolute amount 
goes up, the tonnage will decrease. The reverse is with gold price 
going down. 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Okay. So, sir, on Slide number 6, where you have given inventory for 
the quarter and you talked about pruning the lowering the higher 
ticket size 6.9% teaser in gold loan portfolio, which you also 
suggested is about 10% of our book and is expected to run off by 
December this year. Two quick questions here. I mean, one thing is, I 
mean how are you seeing that you are looking to prune this portfolio? 
Are you talking about the run downs that happens in the normal 
course or something that we happen to kind of here, that I mean 
during the quarter, a lot of other gold finance companies actually 
reached out to customers and were requesting them to kind of 
increase the rates, basically move from 6.9% to mid-year 9.9% or 
10.9%? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   So this is a natural liquidation process in that. So they are postponing 
redemption not based on the interest rates. So the average life of the 
loan is around 100 days to 150 days. So this is a natural reduction 
process, not been taken over by the other NBFC. 
  

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Okay. Sir, my last question is on your MFI business I don't know if I 
am kind of reading it right, I mean that is the stage 3 could be increase 
from 1.7% to 7.7%? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Which one? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
MFI stage 3, as you are aware, last year, there were resolution plans 
available to customers and June '21 we had a higher restructuring 
book and we were continuously following up the collection but 
expecting that only we keep providing something extra. And now, if 
they are building and if they are not paying for three, four months, 
this will flip to Stage 3. So this structured book, whatever stress is 
there that is materialized during this quarter. 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Okay. So, madam, just a last follow-up question here, which means 
that I mean the stress, which was there, specifically talking about in 
the restructured pool of air MFI business, that's all reflecting in the 
7.7% now? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Yes. 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
So now the follow-up question here was that I mean I think 
somewhere on Slide number 6, you have also talked about credit cost 
now expected to decline going forward from your MFI business. So, I 
mean what we've been seeing over the last three to four quarters, 
we've been doing credit cost of about INR100 crore to INR120 crore 
odd in MFI business. So what would be the run rate, like in terms of 
the 100% MFI business and going ahead assuming what you 
suggested last part of the stress has already slipped to stage 3 now? 
 
 Bindu A.L:   
Okay. So we expect a substantial reduction in the credit cost in the 
coming quarters. So it is that we will see, we expect from and in 
September to some extent and things should be much better in the 
second half of the year. So we are expecting some kind of 1%, 1.5% 
of ROA for this year, is our expectation. 
 
So that is the reason we feel that on whatever the stress in the 
portfolio, it like to Stage 3 and because of this provisioning, we were 
able to manage this in this quarter. So going forward, we expect the 
credit cost to come down and it will be a better ROA in the second 
half of the year. 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Got t. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   See, post-COVID portfolio is somewhere around 88% now. So, it is 
on 88% and there the collection, if you see, is nearly 99%. Whereas 
pre-COVID portfolio has come down to around 12%. So, there also 
collection, so we hope will improve even from the full year. 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
  
Abhijit Tibrewal:   
Got it, sir. So this is very, very useful. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Yes. And now, for incremental disbursal the NIM is around 15%, 
increased from 10% using the relaxed regulation with regard to the 
NIM cap. 
  
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Alpesh from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Sir, if I see your home loan that has been a continuous reduction in 
the average ticket size related to? 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   So, the reason we focused on high yielding loans, small ticket loans to 
improve on the yield. So that's the reason. So now, we started 
focusing on saving higher ticket. But so we hope it will grow slowly. 
We are expecting that to take around INR10 lakhs in another quarter, 
incremental. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. So what would be the average yield on the incremental 
business? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Now it is, on our incremental portfolio, we are getting a yield of 
around 16%. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
And what was it when the average ticket size was around INR10 
lakhs? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   So, earlier it was hovering around to 14% plus. So it has improved by 
150 bps. On the incremental portfolio, it has gone up by 200 bps. 
from the three quarters in past. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Because this numbers are not reflected into the yields that you report 
on the outstanding portfolio. The outstanding portfolio yields 
remained at around 14% since many quarters? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   It is 16%, now. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
In the home construction, its 16%, outstanding portfolio, at least what 
is reported in the PPT is around 14%, if I'm not wrong, whereas the 
share of home loan has gone up. Average ticket size has come down 
but the average yields remain more or less similar at around 14%. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Average has improved. Quarter-on-quarter earlier it was like around 
15%. Now it is 16.09% around. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay. Because what is reported in the PPT in the Slide number 13. 
  

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
V.P. Nandakumar:   No there are three bifurcations, home loan, home construction and 
LAP. 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Yes, so the home loan is showing 14%. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Home loans are basically like purchase ready property where like we 
give that 14% around and home construction is self-construction 
property where like stage wise construction funding we are doing that 
is 16%, and for LAP portfolio, other than housing loan that is 18%. 
Rated average overall is 16.09%. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Perfect. So I'm talking about the home loans by the way. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   The home loan includes construction, home construction as well. This 
is just bifurcation we have given, what is the construction pool. What 
is the purchase ready property? 
  
Alpesh Mehta:   
Yes, sir, I understand that, but when you look at this 40% portfolio 
within the home loan, the housing finance, which is pure home loan 
business, the average ticket size is INR6.5lakhs rupees, this used to be 
INR10 lakh rupees few quarters backs and the yields that we had been 
reporting on this if it's 14% constant. So I'm just trying to understand 
what am I missing in this. 
 
Bindu A.L:   
We will come back on that. 
 
Alpesh Mehta:   
Okay, great. Thank you. And all the best. 
  
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Aalok Shah from Monarch 
Networth. Please go ahead. 
  
Aalok Shah:   
Thanks for the opportunity or said a couple of questions on the 
Microfinance book. One is, can you kind of help us understand the 
targeted trajectory on the Stage 3 assets? Where do we see that by end 
of this fiscal? And an extension to that, what is the guided credit cost 
for FY'23? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Yes. So whatever restructured book fits into this quarter, and if you 
see the breakup, our stage 1 is almost 87% and stage 2 and stage 3 is 
13%. So we believe that there will not be much addition and we are 
holding nearly INR462 crore provision against this Stage 2 and 3. So 
going forward. I think for the whole year, we are expecting much 
lesser credit costs, FY'22 we had almost INR400 crore P&L impact 
on account of credit loss and this year we expect much reduction, 
netting up to the first quarter impact, I think that number should come 
down. 
  

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Aalok Shah: 
So, do you want to put a number to it, madam or we expect the 
trajectory to move back to where we started? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   Rajesh? 
  
Rajesh Namboodiripad: 
In this regard, I think most of it is already crystallized. So slight 
increase is only expected on this. So the number should hover some 
around this actually. This will turn more or less the same. 
  
Aalok Shah: 
In that case, credit cost number will that kind of remain sticky for the 
coming quarters? 
 
Rajesh Namboodiripad: 
No, the current live book, it would be, but going forward as 
book, I mean we close on some of it, it will come down in the by the 
March end. 
  
Aalok Shah: 
Okay. My question is on the capital position in Asirvad Microfinance. 
We added 19.8%. So what is the thought through on augmenting 
capital in this year? 
 
 V.P. Nandakumar:   You see the current capital adequacy ratio is really high. The leverage 
is around 2.8 times. So we have plenty of room to play around. So at 
the same time, if the environment is good, values are good, we are 
open to increased capital from the market also. So that idea is always 
open, but in the eventuality to ensure that the growth is not shortened 
or back to NAV. We will have required capital for the product. 
  
Aalok Shah: 
Sure. And just one book keeping question, if I heard it right May 
onwards disbursements are INR150 crore. 
 
Bindu A.L:   
Net growth. 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   That is the net growth. Yes. 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Disbursements are around INR550 crore to INR600 crore. 
 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   INR500 crore to INR600 crore is the...yes. 
  
Moderator:   
The next question is from the line of Ankit Patel from L&T Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
  
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, good evening sir. Again, sorry to continue on this subject. You 
said that some of this book will run down, the MFI book, which will 
result in reducing credit cost and improvement of the Stage 1, Stage 2, 
Stage 3 split but unlike gold some of what will be the tenor over here 
that we are looking at and again, it could be unsecured kind of 

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
facility. So do you believe that there would be losses on these 
accounts or what is the recoverability on these restructured accounts? 
  
V.P. Nandakumar:   See, the restructured accounts in different bucket is. Our collection 
efficiency is around 33% and before we hope it will further improve 
to around 40% plus. Yes in the coming days because while we have 
seen that it was lower than, lesser than that. So it is improving. It is 
showing. So for a month on month improvement. So this is on the 
impaired  portfolio. So the post-COVID portfolio is around 88% now, 
nearly it is plus it is around 87%, 88% now. There the recoveries 
around 99%. And so the pre-COVID total portfolio is around 12%. 
There also the recover be is to the extent of one-third now, it is 
improving. So a sufficient provision have been take them in the past 
and during the next quarters, it will be over, and we expect to report 
the ROA of the business of around 1.5% during this year itself, last 
year quarter. 
  
Bindu A.L:   
And then the average duration is around 24 months. So the pre-
COVID book, March '20 book will be maturing now and because of 
this resolution plan, customer also not getting that impacted because 
their bureau records will be proper, as the restructuring also them to 
keep their bureau record clean. But as it is getting matured and 
slipped to NPA, now I think customers also showing more interest to 
close the loans and so that they will, they can continue as a standard 
loan. 
  
Moderator:   
We take the last question from the line of Sanket Chheda from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
  
Sanket Chheda:   
Yes. So, sorry I lost two important questions. So what was the 
guidance on provision on the overall book and also on the MFI book 
for this year? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
So this year, so the MFI book, we took almost INR120 crore in the 
first quarter. So in the coming quarters our expectation is much lesser 
credit cost. I think overall provisions half of last year is our 
expectation. 
  
Sanket Chheda:   
For last year made about INR490 crore. You're saying INR250 crore 
of which INR130 crore we have already taken? 
  
Bindu A.L:   
So, last year MFI alone also INR400 crore and on other portfolios 
also temporary there was spiked in NPA number. So, now all other 
businesses settled down almost with the pre-COVID NPA level. In 
the case of MFI, we expect half of last year. 
  

 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Sanket Chheda:   
So INR200 crore MFI may be INR100 crore in other businesses 
should not exceed INR300 crore is that right? Is this assumption 
good? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
Other business and we are not expecting that, because we are seeing 
stability. 
 
 Sanket Chheda:   
Okay. So what you have provided this quarter in totality, that much 
on the providing next three quarters put together? 
 
Bindu A.L:   
Yes, so maybe an increase in the second quarter, then I think a 
normalized in second half. 
  
Moderator:   
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. With this I now hand the 
conference over to Shweta Daptardar for closing comments. Over to 
you, ma'am. 
 
 Shweta Daptardar:  Thank you. On behalf Elara Capital, we thank the management of 
Manappuram Finance for giving us the opportunity to host the 
earnings call. Thank you all. 
 
V.P. Nandakumar:   Thank you. 
  
Bindu A.L:   
Thank you. 
 
Rajesh Namboodiripad: 
Thank you. 
  
Moderator:   
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
