zomato 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
Listing Department, 
zomato.com 
info@zomato.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543320, Scrip Symbol: ZOMATO 
ISIN: INE758T01015 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call conducted on August 2, 2022 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on August 2, 2022. 
The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.zomato.com/investor-relations/financials 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You 
By order of the Board 
For Zomato Limited 
(Fo~
nown as Zomato Private Limited) 
Sandhya Sethia 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Date: August 9, 2022 
Place: Gurugram 
ZOMATO LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Zomato Private Limited) 
Registered Address: Ground Floor 12A, 94 Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019, Delhi, India. 
CIN: L93030DL2010PLC198141, Telephone Number: 011 - 40592373 

zomato 
"Zomato Limited Q 1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript" 
August 2, 2022 
Management representatives: 
Mr. Deepinder Goyal - Founder & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Akshant Goyal - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kunal Swarup - Head, Corporate Development 
Page 1 of 26 

Moderator: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening, and welcome to Zomato 
Limited's earnings conference call. From Zomato's management team, 
we have with us today Mr. Deepinder Goyal -- Founder and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Akshant Goyal -- Chief Financial Officer and 
Mr. Kunal Swamp -- Head of Corporate Development. 
Before we begin, a few quick announcements for the attendees. 
Anything said on this call which reflects an outlook for the future or 
which could be construed as a forward-looking statement may involve 
risks and uncertainties. Such statements or comments are not guarantees 
of future performance, and actual results may differ from those 
statements. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Akshant Goyal. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Akshant. 
Thank you, Harshil. Welcome eve1yone to the conference call. You 
know, before we begin with the Q&A, we just wanted to clarify and 
address a couple of questions that both Deepinder and I have been 
getting over the last 24 hours post our results. 
So, I think the first question, top of mind for everyone is, what is the 
path to profitability for Zomato? We've seen a reduction in losses now 
for a couple of qua1iers, and I think everyone wants to know how long 
we think it will take for the Zomato business to get to operating 
breakeven and then making profits. 
And the second question, again, on the same line, has been on Blinkit 
and quick commerce in terms of what's our view and outlook on the path 
to profitability there and the investments that we need to make before 
we get there. 
So, let me address these two, and then we can jump into the Q&A. So, 
on the first one, on the Zomato business, I think the first thing I wanted 
to highlight is that if you look on a cash flow basis, including, treasury 
Page 2 of 26 

income / other income, last quarter, we were already positive on cash 
flow. So, our adjusted EBITDA losses were Rs. 1.5 billion, and our other 
income was 1.7 billion. So, in some ways, we are not losing cash in that 
business anymore. Also, as you would have noticed, we got to adjusted 
EBITDA breakeven in the food delivery business. So, now, I think the 
next milestone there is to get the overall Zomato business to adjusted 
EBITDA breakeven and we think we are close now. 
In terms of timeline, internally, we are aiming to get there by Quarter 4 
of this fiscal year. that is the internal goal that we have as a team but we 
think that if we slip on that, it should not be later than Q2 FY24, which 
is September 2023 quarter for getting to breakeven on adjusted EBITDA 
at the Zomato level. So, I think that's a broad outlook and essentially, an 
internal plan that we are working on, and we thought we should share 
that with eve1yone here now that we are getting closer to this milestone. 
Now moving on, on Blinkit, we had, a couple of qua11ers ago, given 
guidance or a budget of $400 million investment for the next couple of 
years. I think the business has surpassed our expectations so far in terms 
of growth as well as loss reduction to where we were 6-7 months ago 
and we wanted to now update that overall budget and guidance from 
$400 million down to about $320 million. Given where the business is 
today and the path forward that we see, we think we should get that 
business also to break even with an investment of $320 million starting 
Januaiy 2022 (so, this is not guidance starting from today). We have 
already invested about $150 million in that business so far - our estimate 
is $320 million for getting that business to break even. In terms of the 
timeline on Blinkit, we don't have that kind of visibility that we have on 
the Zomato business. So, I would not venture into estimating by which 
quarter we get there. I think it's still early days, but the update 
essentially, we wanted to share with you was just on the overall 
investment that we think that business would need. 
Page 3 of 26 

Moderator: 
Vijit Jain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, with that, you know, let me hand over back to Harshil, and we can 
get into the Q&A. 
Thank you, Akshant. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now start the Q&A 
section of the call. If you wish to ask a question, please use the raise 
hand feature, and we will announce your name on the call and unmute 
your line post which you can proceed with your question. Please ensure 
that your name is visible as a name followed by your organization's 
name for us to be able to identify you before we take your question. We 
will wait for a minute while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Vijit Jain from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers Akshant and Deepinder. My 
first question is on the food delive1y business. There is a fairly decent 
QoQ improvement in take rate on a repo11ed revenue basis of around 40 
basis points, right, or about Rs. 2. 5 per order. Just wondering where this 
is coming from? Is it a restaurant mix? Are you loading more 
advertisements or there are higher negotiated commissions here, if you 
could elaborate on that and I will just follow up on Blinkit next? 
It is a combination of all three that you said and improvement m 
customer delivery charges. With the restaurant industry bouncing back 
post-COVID, the ad spends are increasing now on delivery. The blended 
/ aggregate take rate or rather the implied take rate has also gone up as a 
function of us driving parity on take rates with some lower take rate 
restaurants. I wanted to clarify that when we talk of take rate increase, 
we are not actually increasing the top end of the take rates for restaurants 
but rather essentially normalizing take rate at restaurants which could be 
at lower take rates right now. So, that's playing out. Ad sales is 
improving as you pointed out, and we are also seeing improvement in 
customer delivery charges. So, I think it is a combination of all of this. 
We are seeing that revenue is going up. 
Page 4 of 26 

Vijit Jain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My second question on Blinkit, just trying to understand with the unit 
economics that you've reported, is there an outlook to by when, you 
know, any legacy infrastructure-related expenses will be out of the 
P&L? I mean, whatever was, you know, pre the transition into quick 
commerce, that's one. 
And second, with this new outlook on cash burn, you know, when I look 
at your July month burn rate, on an annualised basis, it's about maybe 
$140 million, $150 million a year, right. So, is that an understanding 
that, you know, the burn rate will probably only go down on an EBITDA 
level here even when you have integrated Blinkit into Zomato? So, those 
two questions. 
As you are seeing from the numbers, the losses are coming down. I think 
that should continue going forward post the transaction as synergies kick 
in. So, yes, we expect that trend to continue and to your first question on 
any legacy cost, there is none in the system as of now. I think pretty 
much that business is fully pivoted to quick commerce and both the 
revenue and the cost structures right now are aligned to the current 
business model. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Gaurav Rateria 
from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, two questions. Firstly, the 
selling and marketing spend has been in a very tight range. Yet we have 
seen an acceleration in the MIU growth in the last quarter. So, what 
drove this better growth in MIU? Is it more coming from the conversion 
of the annual transacting customer into MIU? And if you could 
highlight some of the initiatives that actually can drive the higher 
conversion and frequency, which you have mentioned as one of the key 
growth drivers in the medium term? 
Page 5 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Yes, Gaurav, so I don't think we would want to talk about the initiatives 
here because that is like a core strategy for us for the business, but your 
observation is right. The growth in MIU is coming from increasing 
conversion, and retention or essentially the other way to look at it is the 
conversion of annual transacting users to monthly transacting users. So, 
we are definitely seeing that, as well as growth in the frequency of repeat 
customers. Both of them are driving order growth which was pretty 
healthy in the last quarter. 
The second question was with respect to your comment on the inflation-
related headwinds that impacted the cost. So, are these largely absorbed 
in our P&L, or are there more to come because this might actually come 
with some bit of a lag effect? So, are these headwinds largely behind us 
or is there more to come in the coming quarter? Thank you. 
Hard for us to comment on that, Gaurav, at this point. We don't know, 
honestly. So far, essentially in the last few months, these headwinds 
have existed, and they continue to exist, but it's hard to call out whether 
the headwinds are behind us fully or not. I think it's a function oflarger 
macro issues, which most economies are going through. So, I can't 
comment on whether that is behind us or not. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Maheshwari 
from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Two questions. One is on what an early participant asked on the MIU 
bit. So, I understand you can't give more information, but the other way 
of asking you is, let's say, what happened in the last three quarters, for 
example, when the number was stable and this time around when the 
number has moved up? So, what has different been different, you know, 
this time around versus the last three quarters, for example? 
Akshant Goyal: 
There is no difference. There is nothing different that we did or 
happened, Vivek. So, even if you go back, while last two, three quarters 
Page 6 of 26 

were flat, but if you look at a much longer term and maybe, let's say, you 
look at year-on-year MIU growth, that has been healthy, and that is 
what we've been saying in the last few quarters as well that our business 
is lumpy and not always linear and over a longer-term where you at least 
look at year-on-year trends, things will look more linear than versus 
looking at quarter-on-quarter trends. So, this quarter, therefore, nothing 
different happened. There is not much seasonality that we see in this 
quarter anymore. I think some people have this notion that April - June 
quarter has IPL and therefore, there is usually a bump. At least in our 
business, we have stopped seeing any meaningful bump due to IPL in 
the last couple of years. So, nothing different about this qua11er. I think 
it is just growth catching up which was long due and we expect this trend 
to continue. 
Vivek Maheshwari: And you know, a related question on the AOV which you mentioned in 
the press release, there's a slight increase, there was this theory that you 
know, once things normalise and first quarter arguably was the most 
normal qua11er in last couple of years. We have not seen AOV going 
down. So, there will be a food inflation aspect, there will be premium 
restaurants, there will be differential pricing - but do you think that this 
is the number from which one should be building assumptions into the 
future or is there still that risk of bunched up orders getting split and 
therefore AOV is coming down, not going back to the historical level 
Akshant, but is there a possibility it will settle down still at level lower 
than what we are currently at or it will be fair to assume that this is the 
right level what we saw in the earlier quarter? 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, Vivek, there are no guarantees. I mean, that can always happen. But 
if you look at the historical data and even if you go back two years, I 
think the AOV has not moved pretty much. We disclosed our FY21 and 
FY22 AOV in our May shareholder letter and that AOV in both those 
years differed by only Re. 1, Rs. 397 and Rs. 398. And ballpark that is 
where we are even now, and that hasn't changed. So, that historical data 
Page 7 of 26 

gives me confidence that perhaps, we are close to a steady state in terms 
of AOV. There will always be counterbalancing forces here, which will 
pull the AOV up or push the AOV down, but given that we have had a 
long enough history and data points on this metric, I feel that there is not 
much downside here on the AOV front. 
Vivek Maheshwari: And the last question on, let's say, EBITDA breakeven. So, if you look 
at this quarter, let's say, food delivery was almost zero, and Hyperpure 
was marginally here and there. So, essentially the loss is coming from 
unallocated expenses of about 1.3 billion, right? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari: From here on, for breakeven to happen, do you think food delive1y 
EBITDA jumps up further quarter after quarter? Or is there something 
in the other unallocated expenses or losses also, because this number has 
been between 1.1 and 1.3 billion, right? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari: So, is there some lever here or it's primarily led by food delivery 
EBITDAjumping up going ahead? 
Akshant Goyal: 
It will primarily be driven by food delivery EBITDA growing. We have 
been working on bringing our fixed cost down as well, and I think that 
is the reason why we have been able to absorb a lot of increases on the 
salary front etc., which would have otherwise made this number much 
higher. We are working on all aspects and critically looking at all costs. 
But having said that, I think the unallocated cost will remain range 
bound around the number that you see right now, and the majority of the 
reduction in adjusted EBITDA for Zomato as a company will come from 
incremental EBITDA from food delive1y going forward and also 
Hyperpure losses coming down. 
Page 8 of 26 

Moderator: 
Manish Adukia: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Mani sh Adukia 
from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
I have two questions, both follow-ups on the earlier questions asked by 
participants. First, when we think about, Akshant, when you guided to 
profitability by Q4 of this fiscal year latest by the middle of next fiscal 
year, what are the assumptions driving that profitability? So, when you 
think about you said different levers that you have talked about in the 
past, be it take rates, delivery partner costs, marketing spend etc., or 
AOV, where do you have the most amount of visibility that, you know, 
some of those numbers may move up higher and so you get to 
profitability? If you can just help us understand the breakdown of, you 
know, from here until, let's say, next three or four quarters, what are the 
one or two key metrics that will drive that higher profitability? That is 
my first question. 
Apologies Manish, I don't think this level of detail we'll be able to share. 
As you would appreciate, these are going to be key drivers of our 
strategy, and we are in a highly competitive market. So, I don't want to 
put down unit economics today or unit economics when we are breaking 
even at Zomato. Just to reiterate what we have said is that this 
improvement from where we are today in losses to breakeven is going 
to come from adjusted EBITDA food delivery going up, which is going 
to be a function of both, the revenue side levers improving as well as the 
cost side levers where we expect efficiency, but beyond that, we don't 
want to venture into talking about individual metrics and how they are 
expected to trend, because these things are tactical and we take very real-
time calls on some of these things. So, I don't think there's any from our 
perspective and it will be very hard to share more than this. 
So, just a quick follow-up on that. So, as far as your delivery partner 
costs are concerned, was the June quarter, let's say, the peak of that? I 
mean, the impact of, let's say, inflation and higher fuel costs that would 
already be reflected in the delivery partner costs in the June quarter and 
Page 9 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
Manish Adukia: 
Akshant Goyal: 
from here on, that number should only improve or stay stable. Is that 
assumption correct? 
So, not necessary, Manish, because the current September quarter, you 
know, we have rains, which has an adverse impact on the delivery cost. 
We will have to watch out for how this quarter plays out in terms of how 
intense the rains are in the country, and that will drive the outcome on 
delivery cost. But, from there on perhaps I would agree with you, that 
we should see an improvement in reduction in delivery costs going 
forward. 
Thank you, Akshant. My second question is again, you know, on MTUs, 
which have been discussed quite widely during the call. So, again, just 
coming back to that discussion, when we look at your MIU trends over 
the last few quarters, and we appreciate that, you know, there's been a 
COVID impact in the last couple of years as well, but it's been quite 
volatile, the MIU numbers, and as you have rightly called out, it's been 
lumpy in some quarters also been negative. Now when you look at the 
last quarter, where you grew 1 million, which was an improvement 
versus the previous two quarters, is that run rate something that you are 
internally happy with? Again, there was a media interview ofDeepinder, 
I think, last month where I think the guidance was of a slightly higher 
annual number. So, I just want to understand when you think about AIU 
to MIU conversion and the current run rate that you see, is that in line 
with where you think your long-term growth rate numbers would be or 
do you think there could be more upside to those numbers? 
So, Mani sh, I think, internally, we optimise for GOV growth. That is the 
north star metric for us. And while doing that, it's not always necessary 
for MTUs to grow. Because you know, periodically, you will figure out 
there is a bad quality customer cohort that you have, which you are okay 
losing, which could lead to lower growth in MIU or a reduction in 
MIU, which is fine. But overall, I think as long as directionally the GOV 
is growing, orders are growing and your AOV is stable and minor 
Page 10 of 26 

Moderator: 
Chirag Shah: 
Deepinder Goyal: 
variation on MIU is fine. So, we don't necessarily, therefore, obsess 
over MIU growth. I think it's more an outcome of the things we do and 
the products and features that we launch, which over time drives MIU 
growth. And you know, for example, if you compare June quarter MIU 
to last year's June quaiter, you've seen a healthy 35 odd per cent growth. 
I think that is in line with how the GOV has grown and the orders have 
grown in that period, and broadly, we expect that trend to continue. 
There could be ups and downs. But as I said earlier, on a year-on-year 
basis, we should see healthy growth given that we have so much room 
to grow here compared to where we are today. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Chirag Shah from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Akshant, thanks for the opening clarification. Indeed, a cash breakeven 
achieved on the entire business is a big milestone, so congrats. 
Deepinder, if I look at the previous five quarters and read operating 
metrics trends, it appears that the pace of change across various 
operating metrics is widely different, and that was one of the questions 
from the previous participant as well. It could very well be a conscious 
strategic decision from a perspective of shift from a network rollout 
phase to the focus on profitability, or it could be because we have 
already reached a certain scale stage in the network. So, for example, 
one of the striking things is that active delivery partners haven't grown 
much in the last several quarters. Does it indicate that the focus is 
shifting from recruiting more riders on the network to delivery partner 
productivity? And if that is the case, it is a big positive in terms of how 
operating leverage can kick in. 
Chirag, what I would say is that change is always slow, and then it's fast. 
So, I think you don't wake up one day and say, now I want to change, 
and then change happens overnight. So, over the last year, we have been 
prepping and working hard to set up the infrastructure to make this 
change happen, and this quarter is when all of those things started to 
Page 11 of 26 

Chirag Shah: 
happen. So, I think that's what happened, and we have been focused on 
the quality of business as well as growth, and while we have been 
working on a lot of these things since the last year, some of these things 
just only went live this qua1ter. So, I mean, whatever we achieved this 
quarter, I think it is all an outcome of the work that we have done over 
the last 12 months. Nothing that we did last quarter brought about the 
outcome that happened last quaiter here. 
Deepinder, that's super useful, but I am just sticking to that point around 
active delivery partner numbers, right? If you look at the last 3-4 
quarters, that number has moved in a narrow band. So, the question that 
I am asking is that, you know, are we out of the network rollout phase 
and focusing more on productivity incrementally for the last three, four 
quarters, or there is still more to happen in terms of delivery partner 
improvement and restaurant paitner increase at the same pace at which 
we were doing earlier? 
Deepinder Goyal: 
No, I think this number will go up as we grow our number of orders 
because we can't grow the number of orders, let's say, 2x, 3x and still be 
on the same number of active delivery partners. So, this number will also 
grow, and so far, the last quarter has been good because we have been 
able to get some efficiency gains out of the network quite a bit, but this 
can't flat line here. This number also has to grow. 
Chirag Shah: 
Akshant Goyal: 
And then on CAC, Deepinder, given that 90% of our business is from 
repeat users, more than 50-60% of new customer addition is organic, 
which is what we discussed last quarter as well; what impact do you 
think it is now at least having on the CAC going forward? 
So, Chirag, CAC numbers are stable for us at very acceptable levels, and 
I think our marketing spends are also pretty steady now. Unlike two-
three years ago when, again, they used to be very, very skewed in one 
quarter versus other, I think now we are in a state where we are acquiring 
a similar number of users every month by spending a slightly lower 
Page 12 of 26 

Moderator: 
amount on marketing spends every quarter going forward. So, CAC, 
therefore, remains at a healthy level and keeps coming down slightly, 
and I think we are at a pace of new customer addition, which we are 
happy with. It's the right balance of growth versus continuing to improve 
our platform and retention so that the incremental user retention over 
time continues to go up. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Pranav Kshatriya 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
I have two questions. Firstly, you know, we can see some reduction in 
the number of dark stores in Blinkit in the last three months as well. So, 
where should we see this number stabilising? And the second question 
is, again, can you throw some light on how much is the difference in the 
delivery cost per order for Blinkit and Zomato? So, these are my two 
questions. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
So, Pranav, yes, you are right on the dark stores. The overall number has 
decreased, but we are now at a place where it might go up again as we 
sort of have churned out the stores that did not make sense, and I am 
talking basis the knowledge I have by talking to the Blinkit team. Of 
course, we still don't own the business, so we can't comment on the 
detailed strategy part. But from what we know, we think we are at a 
place where the number should stabilise now more or less and then as 
we look to expand post the deal closure, we might see an increase. As 
far as the delivery cost is concerned, this is right now very similar to the 
levels we see in Zomato. So, post-integration, hopefully, as we 
mentioned earlier, we are expecting some benefits to accrue as we 
integrate the two fleets, and that should then hopefully lead to a 
reduction in losses. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Swapnil Potdukhe 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Page 13 of 26 

Swapnil Potdukhe: So, a couple of questions I have. First is the media articles which are 
circulating, and they talk about Eternal. There is a mention of the new 
organisation structure, expected to be, you know, you are expected to 
revamp it with four CEOs and then Deepinder at the top. Could you just 
share with us like those thoughts, like give some clarity on that? 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, Swapnil, right now, we know it's been in the media, but so far, it's 
been an internal announcement. I would say that we are looking at 
reorganising ourselves as we get into a place where there is more than 
food delivery as a business that we need to run, and at some point in 
future, perhaps through a public announcement, we will give you more 
clarity on the thought process behind this. But I don't think there's 
anything to worry about. I mean, it is internal restructuring just to get 
the teams and incentives and organisation structure aligned for the next 
three-four years going forward as a business. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: And secondly, on the dining out business, so if you look at the last three, 
four quarters, the revenues from the business have not moved 
significantly between 60 to 70 crores. So, what has been the reason for 
that, and how do you see that business evolving going ahead? And just 
a follow-up on that and how should we look at the margins? Because 
even margins despite the revenues not growing much, the margins have 
been slightly more volatile in this business. So, any thoughts on that how 
we should look at both the top line as well as the margin' s part? 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, Swapnil, as we mentioned earlier, we are rebuilding that business. 
So, I would say that we should expect these numbers to stay at the 
current levels for at least the next one or two quarters and after that, I 
think as we get more data on how the rebuilding is going here and how 
the customer traction is and perhaps, you know, we could share more 
colour on the expectation here on revenues and margins. I think this 
business will always be profitable - that much we know. So, it is not 
going to take capital. But it is a function of getting the product right and 
the monetisation model right here, which could lead to a massive jump 
Page 14 of 26 

in the revenues here down the line. But I would say we are still at least 
one or two quarters away before it starts taking shape. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Any sense on the number of restaurants who are paying customers in 
this business, if you can help on that? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Suresh: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
So, that number is not public, Swapnil. I would refrain from sharing it. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Aditya Suresh from 
Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Just two questions. One is, can you provide any updated insights on your 
transacting user mix? You used to provide things like high-frequency 
transactions, the top eight etc. - any updated insights there in terms of 
that mix? That's one. And second, is, are you able to provide any colour 
here on employee expenses and share-based payments and how that kind 
of trends in the next few quarters? 
So, Aditya, on the MIU mix, I mean, there is no incremental insight to 
share. We did share some details around this in our last two quarterly 
letters. So, we'll keep periodically giving an update as and when there is 
material movement in those trends. So, in absence of that, it's fair to 
assume that pretty much the older disclosures are where we are in terms 
of the mix. On your second question, the ESOP expenses, as we had also 
indicated earlier, are expected to come down going forward because the 
way these numbers are accounted for, the accounting charge is front-
ended and therefore, as we move forward, the accounting charge is 
expected to continue coming down and the overall employee expenses 
outside of share-based compensation, we don't expect that to move 
beyond the 15-20% annual increase range. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Ashwin Mehta 
from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 15 of 26 

Ashwin Mehta: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi, Congrats on the excellent set of numbers. So, Akshant, one question 
regarding Hyperpure growth, which grew pretty smartly this quarter. So, 
is there a component of you starting to supply fresh to Blinkit out here 
or is it largely due to possibly higher supplies and the increase in 
restaurant base that you are having? 
So, it's the latter, which you mentioned, which is essentially, I mean, we 
haven't done anything outside of supplying to restaurants so far. So, this 
business growth, therefore, is like to like in that sense, if that was your 
question. 
And the second one is in terms of from a competition perspective, if you 
look at the disclosures, from Prosus, it appears that you seem to be 
winning share. So, any reactions that you're seeing in the marketplace or 
anything that you expect in terms of competitive intensity going 
forward? 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, Ashwin, an interesting question. So, this keeps changing honestly, 
eve1y quarter, every month. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
Every week. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Every week sometimes, yes. So, the competitive intensity and tactics are 
very dynamic, and this has been our experience not just now but over 
the last two years also. So, there's nothing outside of the ordinary, 
therefore, that we see right now and the period of aggressiveness and 
then it goes to the other extreme, I think that pendulum is always on. So, 
yes, we're watching that keenly and as I mentioned earlier, it's a highly 
competitive market, and it's important for us to continue monitoring 
what everyone else is also doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Mukul Garg from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Page 16 of 26 

Mukul Garg: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Just a couple of follow-ups. First of all, Akshant, the number of orders 
per delivery partner per day, you know, has been rising for the last few 
quarters. This quarter was a fairly strong jump. Was that a significant 
factor in the improvement you saw in the contribution margin, and how 
should we, you know, expect the number of orders that the executives 
are going to cany going forward to increase or improve, you know, from 
the current level of about 5-6 orders per day? 
So, I'm sure, Mukul, these are your estimates because I don't think we 
disclose either of these metrics, either orders per delivery partner per 
hour or orders per delivery paitner per day. I think, directionally, your 
question is, I think, ifl can rephrase your question - is improvement in 
delivery fleet efficiency leading to improvement in contribution margin, 
right? That was your first question, and your second question was, how 
do we expect the number of orders to grow from here? 
So, I think on the first one, as I mentioned, in response to one of the 
questions earlier, so far last three-four qua1ters, we've not really seen 
much improvement on the delivery cost. It has gone up materially in the 
last year, which is one of the key reasons why the contribution margins 
had come down in the last few quarters and going forward, we expect 
that to change and we expect the delivery cost to come down. 
And again, I want to re-emphasise that, we want this to happen along 
with the increase in earnings per hour for the delivery partners. So, this 
is not us versus deli very partners. There has to be a business case where 
they make more money per hour while our cost per order comes down, 
which is essentially us sharing the benefit of increasing efficiencies with 
our delivery partners. So, that's the thought process here, and that will 
play out in the next few quarters as things stabilise on that front. 
On your second question on orders, we continue to see a healthy order 
growth over the last few quarters as the GOV has grown, and along with 
MIU growth, we think that frequency growth is also going to be a key 
Page 17 of 26 

Mukul Garg: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Mukul Garg: 
driver, which will overall lead to a steady increase in orders going 
forward. 
And then the other question was, you know, in terms of growth on the 
food delivery side, you know, the relative movement between AOV and 
what you have outlined here that AOV, that you would expect it to move 
forward in this directionality, but what has been your experience over 
the last quarter or so between, you know, people kind of returning to 
offices and office orders picking up versus the inflation, which has, you 
know, also kind of taken up the overall order of value? Can you give 
some sense of how the movement has been, and do you expect the 
propo1tion of single orders will increase going forward as people come 
back to office? 
So, Mukul, a couple of levers you mentioned impact AOV which is 
people coming back to offices and hence the order size going down. The 
second is food inflation, which has been more stark in the last quarter 
and has resulted in price increases. Third, I would also say that as the 
customer delivery charges go up, we see the order values going up as 
well because the basket size starts increasing once the delivery charges 
go up. Fourth is again the mix of restaurants on the platform in terms of 
premium restaurants versus the other restaurants. So, there are multiple 
forces at play here, and each of them either lead to an increase in AOV 
or a decrease in AOV. And the net impact in the last June quarter has 
been that you've seen a very minor increase, which we have shared in 
the letter with everyone. 
If I can squeeze one last question and I don't know whether you can 
share the data. You mentioned that the take rate improvement has been 
on account of the lower end of restaurants moving more towards the 
average. Is it possible to share what portion of your restaurant partners 
are still meaningfully below the average take rate, or maybe you know, 
to put it another way, do you still see a meaningful upside to the take 
rate x of delive1y cost? 
Page 18 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Karan Danthi: 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, I would respond to the second pat1 of your question. Yes, we see 
some upside, which will continue to help the overall take rates go up in 
the subsequent qua11ers. So, yes, we do expect that to happen. 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Karan Danthi from Jetha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
I had two questions. You know, the first was on moats and market share. 
There is a little confusion around how a business like yours builds a 
sustainable moat over the next two or three years. You have already 
demonstrated that by pulling away from your number one competitor, 
but if you could just echo once more sitting here two or three years from 
now, you know, what are the moats you are trying to build such that your 
market share would actually continue along this breakthrough path? And 
then secondly on the frequency, you know, and MIU question, I think 
you are showing very consistent growth in frequency, yet you are still 
shmter in global benchmarks on that metric. Others have used the 
loyalty program and travel coupons and other things to drive frequency 
up. So, I would be curious to know whether you are going to revisit 
perhaps the programs you have, you know, to sort of keep driving further 
frequency. Because I know you mentioned you have about 2 million 
people who order 50 times a year or something. So, if you can take that 
2 million and make it 10 million there is a significant impact on the 
business. I am just curious ifthere is any way to do that forcefully. 
So, answering them one by one. So on your first question, our focus is 
always on a couple of things here, and we think a lot of things lead to 
those two things. Our focus remains on continuously increasing the 
quality of our service. I think that's very important in a business like this 
where the customers are very sensitive to the service, you know, we are 
talking of food consumption here and almost real-time delivery. So, it is 
a perishable product that you deliver to the customer within 30 minutes, 
and therefore, the expectation on these service levels is ve1y high. So, 
that remains one of the key area that we focus on as a business, and I 
Page 19 of 26 

Karan Danthi: 
Akshant Goyal: 
think that in turn drives a lot of other things, which leads to growth in 
the business and improvement in economics and you know propensity 
and inclination of customers to pay for the services as well. So, that's 
one. 
And the second is, also leading from the first one and some other things 
is brand, right. Eventually, we think it's important in a business like this 
to have a strong customer brand, and whatever we do, therefore, should 
continue to build that brand, which in turn, further helps us retain 
customers and, therefore, significantly impacts our economics as well as 
growth going forward. Therefore, from our vantage point, these are the 
two things we focus on, and that is what leads to whatever is happening 
in the market and also in terms of our own growth. 
Karan, could you please repeat your last question. It skipped out of my 
mind. 
The question of frequency and any plans you revisit your loyalty 
program to increase frequency? 
Yes, so, loyalty program, I would say, is just one of the vectors here, and 
we continuously think about that and how can we reinvent that so that it 
remains a strong value proposition for the customers while at the same 
time it doesn't burn a hole in your pocket. But more than that, I think if 
you have to go from where we are today and meaningfully increase 
customer frequency, we will have to look beyond these loyalty programs 
and look at introducing newer use cases, which perhaps leads to a lot of 
the current offline spend on restaurant food moving on to our platform. 
So, continuously looking for innovative products and features which 
will enable that. For example, we piloted instant food delivery option 
last quarter, which is still a relatively small pilot, but I'm highlighting 
that just to indicate to you that these are the things that we are looking 
for, which we think will meaningfully impact the frequency of our users 
Page 20 of 26 

Karan Danthi: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Ankur Rudra: 
on the platform in the medium to long term in addition to just the loyalty 
programs. 
If I could just lodge one more in there. Just on the ad business, if you 
could just address the maturity of the ad product and where it goes from 
here? 
So, we have two elements there in terms of monetisation, one is the ad 
business that we get from restaurants for a food delivery business. So, 
that is already baked into the food delive1y numbers that you see. And 
the second bit is the restaurant ad spend for our dining out product and 
business, the listings business. So, just keeping the monetisation aside, 
I think at the product level, we think we have a fairly mature product, an 
evolved product given that is the legacy business for us, that is how, you 
know, Zomato started monetising ten years ago. Therefore, in terms of 
analytics or data mining, or even essentially making it informative for 
the restaurants and demonstrating the kind of ROI they get and the 
benefits they get from slicing and dicing data and showing returns to 
them, I think on all those aspects we think the product is there. I think 
right now, the ad sales are going to go up and is more of a function of 
actually driving sales and growth and traffic on the platform, which 
would then, given the strong product, lead to incremental growth in 
revenues. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Ankur Rudra from 
JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
So, just one broad question, Deepinder and Akshant. You mentioned in 
your letter that you responded to the environment and focused on 
profitability successfully so far. The question is, you know, at every 
point in the business' evolution, you have faced multiple trade-offs. So, 
what was the trade-off this time that perhaps brought forward your 
probability targets? 
Page 21 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
I mean, there is no intentional trade-off we made. But I'm sure, that if 
we don't focus on profitability, if we spend more on growth marketing, 
we would have seen higher growth. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
It's not like we are not spending what we could have spent on marketing. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes. I mean, we have not really cut down anything meaningfully. I think 
it's also evolution of the business. This business will not always remain 
loss-making, and overall, the industry has gone through a heavy 
investment phase in the last 3-4 years and now the core of the business 
is large enough to throw up cash meaningfully, which is more than what 
we need to invest at this point. So, while one can argue if the 
environment was not the same, what would be our profitability? But, 
you know, my guess would be, it won't be materially different. Of 
course, you can slightly overinvest into growth, but I don't think it will 
be an order of magnitude different from where we are today. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
Most of the work to get here was done when our stock price was at its 
peak. 
Ankur Rudra: 
No, but was just curious about if there any initiative we chose to can 
beyond just focusing on growth? 
Deepinder Goyal: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Divyesh Mehta 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Divyesh Mehta: 
Can say share some light on what proportion of the customer delivery 
charge increase would be attributed to the rain-related increase in cost 
which we see in delivery as a consumer? The second question would be 
if you see the delivery cost borne by Zomato has increased only by 5%, 
but GOV is up by 10%. So, is this gap sustainable because it's from 
utilisation and other variables? 
Page 22 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
Divyesh Mehta: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Divyesh Mehta: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Divyesh Mehta: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
RahulJain: 
So, Divyesh, I missed your second question. So, I'll ask you to repeat it, 
but let me answer the first one first. So, you are right, I think, when it 
rains, as I said, our delivery cost goes up, and a portion of that gets 
recovered from higher customer delive1y charges. So, in the last quarter, 
I would say that the impact of that could be around 20% on the 
incremental delivery charge that we saw in the quarter because of rains. 
And all of that is passed on to the drivers and none of it is retained by 
Zomato, right? 
That's correct. 
The second was the customer delivery charge born by Zomato is up only 
by 5, but GOV is up by 10, and customer delivery charge borne by 
customers is up by 20%. So, how it can be seen is that higher cost is or 
with the whole delive1y cost, a higher share is borne by customers, 
specifically in this quarter. So, is this trend going to remain as is or is 
there something off from what I am reading? 
No, I think we expect directionally, as I said, I think customer delivery 
charges to continue going up and delivery cost to come down. So, the 
delta between them, therefore, which you are alluding to, should 
continue reducing. 
So, this is the first tranche of that delta. 
Yes, that's correct. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will now 
take the last 1-2 questions. 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
I just wanted to ask one question. You are trying to optimise the cost or 
the profitability of the business, but what could be the key growth KPis 
Page 23 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
that would make you revisit this? Is it in terms of the minimum threshold 
orders or revenue growth you would like to keep before you by and 
optimise beyond this? 
So, I think Rahul, we are not thinking of the business like this. I don't 
think we are optimising growth and profit right now. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
Growth versus profit. 
Akshant Goyal: 
It's not growth versus profit in our mind. I mean, our business is trending 
in a direction and given the large market, we don't see any reason we 
can't grow at healthy rates along with driving profitability. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
Levers for growth are different from discounts / money driven things 
nowadays. So, I don't think us driving for profit will reduce the possible 
growth that we have in the business. 
RahulJain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
RahulJain: 
Maybe if I could rephrase differently. So, I'm sure that growth would 
come because of the adoption of the behaviour and also because, with 
higher growth, the profit would come, but in any eventuality where we're 
not seeing growth, so what is that order growth or any other metric 
threshold that would make you think to reinvest even more even at the 
cost of profitability so that your growth aspirations are met? 
So, I would say, Rahul, it's a hypothetical question. If it becomes a 
reality, we will think about it, but I don't think we are at a place where 
we worry about that. 
Just one clarification to the earlier comment about this delivery cost. 
You said there is a 20% increase in the delivery cost this quarter. Is this 
because if there are rain-specific incentives and those are passed on to 
the customer, essentially, the customer delivery charge increases per 
order? If you don't have those incentives anymore, the charges to the 
customer go down, and the earnings for the delivery partner go down. 
Page 24 of 26 

Akshant Goyal: 
So, eventually, you have to compensate it once this rain incentive was 
not passed on to customers, which will go up in the subsequent quarter. 
I am a little confused, but I think what we meant when we said 20% was 
essentially the share of customer delivery charge increase that we've 
seen in the last quarter, which can be attributed to rains in the quarter. 
So, I am not sure if you had the same understanding. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
Rs. 3.5 increase. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, 20%. Correct. 
Deepinder Goyal: 
50 paisa or so 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, hypothetically, if the increase in customer delive1y charges was Rs. 
2.5, Rs. 0.50 of that was because of rains in the last quarter. I think that 
was the question which we got, and I'm not sure if you are on the same 
page on that right now. 
RahulJain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
RahulJain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
So, taking the same example, if this Rs. 0.50 came because of that, now 
let's assume once the rains are behind, the same cost is not charged to 
the customer. 
Yes. 
To that extent, the earnings of the delivery partner goes down by Rs. 
0.50, which needs to be compensated by Zomato to ensure that his 
earnings are intact. 
No, so it doesn't work like that. You know, because the expectation for 
earnings during rains is higher than usual if it is not raining. So, if I'm 
expecting to make Rs. 100 an hour during non-rain times, then that 
expectation, let's say, for example, hypothetically goes up to Rs. 150, 
whereas I can only recover a portion of that from the customers. And 
therefore, when this reversal happens, we actually have a positive impact 
Page 25 of 26 

RahulJain: 
Akshant Goyal: 
Moderator: 
on contribution because the overall cost benefit that we have here is 
larger than the revenue that we forego . 
And if I could squeeze in one more, you had a good margin in this 
Hyperpure business. So, what are the kind of margins this business can 
achieve in the near-to-medium term, any ballpark margin aspiration that 
you have here? 
So, we have, shared in Question 14 of the letter that we expect 5 to 10% 
EBITDA margins here in a steady state, and I think that's what the aim 
is at this point, and then we will see how we go from there. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conclude this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 26 of 26 
