A!,!!!!~f$~ 
Date: 101h August, 2022 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 4th August, 2022 
Ref: Our Intimations dated 27th July, 2022 & 2nd August, 2022 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 4th August, 2022. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Atembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Charandeep Singh Saluja 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: A/a. 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LiMITED 
REGO. OFFICE : ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. • TEL : (0265) 2280550, 228088.0. • FAX : (0265) 2281229 
website: www.alemblcpharmaceutlcals.com • E-mail : alemblc@alemblc.co.ln • CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited Q1 FY23 Financial 
Results Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R. K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR - FINANCE & CFO 
MR. MITANSHU SHAH - HEAD - FINANCE 
MR. JESAL SHAH – HEAD - STRATEGY  
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI - SENIOR VP-FINANCE 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY23 
Financial results Conference call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals 
Limited. We have with us from the management, Mr. Pranav Amin 
- Managing Director; Mr. Shaunak Amin - Managing Director; Mr. 
R. K. Baheti - Director Finance and CFO; Mr. Mitanshu Shah - 
Head of Finance; Mr. Jesal Shah - Head, Strategy and Mr. Ajay 
Kumar Desai, Senior VP, Finance. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter for 
2022-2023 quarterly results conference call. I am sure you would 
have received the results by now. I know the financial numbers 
are a bit below your expectations, but during this call we will try to 
explain you the reasons and also the rationale why we think the 
underlying business is robust. 
First of all, financials, during the quarter our total revenues were 
at Rs. 1,262 crores, EBITDA was Rs. 9 crores and net loss was 
Rs. 66 crores. Continuing review of our Aleor R&D cost, which 
was capitalized earlier and looking at the conditions in the US 
generic business, Aleor still is a separate company, though 
merger process is underway.  Aleor has further written-off Rs. 115 
crores out of which CWIP, out of capitalized R&D to P&L. We did 
it in March 2022 also and Rs. 115 crores we have written-off in 
June 2022. The residual intangible assets in Aleor now is just 
about Rs. 40 crores. Had Aleor followed the previous practice, 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
APL's consolidated profit before tax would have been higher by 
Rs. 115 odd crores. EBITDA on a likewise basis would have been 
Rs. 107 crores. 
Borrowings: 
The gross borrowings at consolidated level is Rs. 515 crores 
versus Rs. 630 crores in March 2022. The company has Rs. 112 
crores of cash on hand. As on March 2022, it was Rs. 61 crores. 
Net borrowing as on 30th June 2022 is Rs. 403 crores versus Rs. 
569 crores as on March 2022. Net debt equity is very comfortable 
at 0.08. 
I will now hand over the discussion to Pranav for his presentation 
on International business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you Mr. Baheti.  
It was a challenging quarter for the US business, especially when 
seen in light of a very good preceding quarter. I had mentioned in 
the last investor call that we had made a switch to third party 
logistics vendor. Due to this, we had anticipated some supply 
disruptions and hence the buyers had pulled in extra inventory to 
ensure that the quarter was smooth. This led to a slow start and 
dispatches during quarter and the revenue for the quarter was $ 
47 million in the US. We continue to remain focused on the long 
term of the US business backed by 15 plus launches every year 
and hopefully consolidated market share in our existing products. 
The near term will remain challenging, but long term we  still 
remain optimistic about the US business.  
The Ex-US formulation business as well as the API business have 
both come off a very high base of last year, hence the growth was 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
muted. We are confident on both these verticals moving forward 
from the next quarter onwards. 
Our R&D expense is Rs. 261 crores. Ex of Aleor's non-recurring 
charged-off R&D, the expense is Rs. 146 crores, which is 12% of 
sales.  
We filed 7 ANDAs during the quarter and cumulative ANDA filings 
remain at 237.  
We also received 8 approvals in the quarter including 3 tentative.  
We launched 5 products in the quarter and plan to launch another 
5 to 7 products in the next few months as well.  
The FDA remediation is ongoing at our F3 injectable facility at 
Karakhadi. 
We 
have 
appointed 
some 
consultants 
and 
remediation measures are underway. Along with, we are in touch 
with FDA as well to ensure full compliance. This will take a couple 
of months hopefully and we should have better news for you.  
The US generics was flat at Rs. 367 crores for the quarter.  
The Ex-US generics de-grew by 8%, Rs. 182 crores for the 
quarter, whereas  
the API business de-grew by 16%, Rs. 233 crores for the quarter. 
I will now request Shaunak to take you through the India Branded 
Business. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Good afternoon everyone. The India business, we had an 
extremely good quarter, though the topline numbers  have a base 
reflection of last year's COVID that time played which caused 
disruption, but when I look at the numbers like ex-COVID adjusted 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
this year we have a very strong growth. Even on the veterinary, 
we see extremely strong growth of about 35% over last year. Ex 
of COVID adjusted, we-grew at 20% and if I look at external 
numbers, the industry showed a negative growth of 2. Alembic 
has as is reflected parallel negative growth of 3%, but Ex of 
Azithromycin which was a big contributor to last year’s sale 
numbers. The industry de-grew by negative 1, whereas Alembic 
recorded a growth of plus 12 as per IMS in the same period.  
Based on this, Q4 onwards, looking at the traction, looking at the 
portfolio growth, we did start to increase investments in the 
business and we did see a significant ramp up in Q1. 
 In terms of investments, we expect these to start playing out in 
terms of topline numbers going into as early as Q2 and Q3. Other 
than that, core portfolio of the business continues to do well and 
with a strong onset of monsoon in June-July, in July mainly and 
continuing into August, we expect the acute portfolio which is a 
very strong part of our business to continue with more competing 
growth numbers. 
I would like to open up the floor for Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have the first question from the line Damayanti Kerai from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: Baheti sir, you explained about Aleor charges, so in the previous 
quarter, you took around Rs. 123 crores and this quarter Rs. 115 
crores and then you mentioned around Rs. 40 crores is residual, 
so say like, we have to again charge of this Rs.40 crores after that 
there will be no R&D expenses related to Aleor or how should we 
look at that part of the cost? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
R. K. Baheti: 
Second part of your statement is right, Rs. 40 crores is what is 
now residual. The only correction I will make in your first part of 
the statement in previous quarters that is in March 2022, we 
charged off Rs. 189 crores. 
Damayanti Kerai: So, Rs. 189 crores in the fourth quarter, Rs. 115 crores this 
quarter and then we had just left with the Rs. 40 crores? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Total is about Rs. 350 crores spent over last 3-4 years on R&D.  
D. Kerai: 
So, sir, anything else like where assessment is ongoing and then 
we might see similar charge off, which you right now not part of 
our operating cost or we should be just looking at the Aleor 
portfolio?  
R. K. Baheti: 
As far as Alembic Pharma is concerned, in any case we have 
been charging off all R&D expenses to P&L since beginning, so 
we have no accumulation in balance sheet there.  
D. Kerai: 
And just a question on R&D, so even if we adjust for this Aleor 
charge, it still remains notable at around 12% of sales, so how 
should we look at this cost going ahead and as we see like US 
challenges are far from getting over, are we thinking about pre-
allocating R&D to some other businesses? 
R. K. Baheti: 
You are right, but I look at percentage of turnover as  just a 
consequential number, but in absolute terms, we don’t plan to 
increase R&D. The R&D cost including Aleor on the current basis 
is about Rs. 700 crores a year and we will contain it within that 
and we are also looking at rationalizing it to the extent it is possible 
without really affecting the growth of the results in future. So, you 
can say that it will stay between Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 700 crores 
in coming years.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
D. Kerai: 
So, Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 700 crores kind of R&D expense will 
continue on absolute basis and majority will continue for the US 
markets, right?  
R. K. Baheti: 
Yes, majority is for US market, but now we are extensively using 
the same set of dossier extension filings for EU and for rest of the 
world markets, but we are only in regulated markets. 
D. Kerai: 
Sir, and my last question, India business, how much is acute sales 
of the total India business? 
Ajay Kumar Desai: It is Rs. 118 crores. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the lines of Chirag Dagli from DSP 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, I understand there were some upfronting of revenue in the 
fourth quarter last year and now that number is low, but if I look 
at the last 3-4 quarters average, then it seems like the base 
business is whatever $55 to $60 odd million, so is that the base 
or you see Q1 $47 million odd that we have reported than the new 
base? 
R. K. Baheti: 
 We said in the previous calls that $50-$55 million for US is the 
base and we maintain that. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, can you help us just broadly understand as we look into the 
next two years, how would the scaleup of expenses both above 
EBITDA and below EBITDA just broadly happen? 
R. K. Baheti: 
See, there are few expenses Chirag which are beyond our control 
and there are few expenses where we can have a significant 
amount of control. From expenses which are under our control, 
we are doing everything under the sun to contain them, rationalize 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
them, make them more productive, make them more effective, but 
some of the expenses and I will give you an example particularly 
with International business context like freight cost, so freight 
cost, I am sure you must be talking to multiple pharma companies 
has gone up almost across the board. Not only India to US freight 
cost, but even internal freight cost in US has also gone up multi 
time. That is impacting us and that is where we don’t have much 
of control. Some expenses we can’t predict. Some input cost has 
gone up because of this crude price being very high in Q1, 
solvents and some of the material cost also went up. These are 
beyond our control, but operating cost overheads particularly, we 
are trying to contain as much as possible. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, my question was more about what we are capitalizing and 
what we have already spent, so depreciation as well as the OPEX 
that we are capitalizing as some of the facilities come on stream, 
what sort of cost will hit the P&L is what I was trying to understand 
and how that phasing out in that? 
R. K. Baheti: 
As and when this facility will get into commercial production.  
Chirag Dagli: 
Correct, so what is the quantum sir, both depreciation and OPEX? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
 Around Rs. 180 crores to Rs. 200 crores of cash expenses and 
then we will have another Rs. 150 crores of depreciation. 
Chirag Dagli: 
This is still left to be taken into the P&L?  
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, that is for all these three facilities. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Correct, so sir is there a way to sort of think about the facing out 
of this? Over what period will this hit the P&L? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
R. K. Baheti: 
Actually, that will get capitalized as part of the respective assets, 
so we will have to carry an extra depreciation burden, but I am not 
so worried about it at this moment about, what I am more worried 
is how soon we can make the plants operational and start 
churning revenue out of them. Like Pranav said, we are working 
proactively with FDA for resolving the issues with them. F3, F2 
part of the facility is already approved by FDA and part of it, we 
have already started filing and the inspection is already triggered, 
let us see when the FDA visits us. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, my limited point was that, we have Rs. 350 crores hitting the 
PBT to generate that kind of gross profit, we probably have to do 
Rs. 500 crores worth of sales in the US, so is this understanding 
right that while the sales may take time to scaleup, but the 
expenses will immediately hit on a fully loaded basis and will be 
upfronted? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Which is true, largely what you say is true. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the lines of Vaibhav B from 
Honesty and Integrity. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav B: 
Sir, I have two questions on the International business and then I 
will come back in the queue for the domestic business, so on the 
US oral solid part of the business, can you give me an idea like 
what would be the gross margins in that business? I don’t want 
EBITDA margins or what ROCE we are making, but this broad 
range of gross margin in US oral solid business? 
R. K. Baheti: 
We don’t give vertical wise margin breakup, but what is for sure 
is that the margins have gone down because of the price erosions 
in US. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Vaibav B: 
And in terms of the price erosions that has happened in the US, 
in US specifically is it like different kind of erosion that we are 
seeing between chronic and acute products or it is across all the 
products because in terms of the cases we hear that the price 
erosion in chronic is less than acute products, is it true? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, actually the US is a generic market, we have seen erosion 
across the board. There is too much supply and too many people 
supplying in the market, especially from India. So, price erosion 
is across the board. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rashmi A. 
fom Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rashmi Sancheti: Sir, one clarification on this Rs. 115 crores, how much is that 
sitting in the other expenses and how much is there in the 
depreciation part? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
So, around Rs. 100 crores is in other expense and Rs. 15 crores 
is in depreciation. 
Rashmi : 
And on your US business, this quarter we have reported $48 
million and you are saying that the base business is around $54-
$55 million, so what led to fall of that extra million dollar? Is it 
because of anything which is one off or this is something which 
will continue in the subsequent quarters and in fact this will 
become the new base? 
Pranav Amin: 
In the last quarter Q1, I had said that I anticipate that around 50 
million, nearly 55 million depending on the situation would be our 
base business. Having said that the last quarter, we did about 70 
million in the US, that was due to some one-time buy as well as 
we moved  our third-party logistics provider this quarter. That is 
why the buyer had shopped a lot more. That is why last quarter, 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
the sales were higher which led to slower offtake in the start of 
the quarter for this quarter. 
Rashmi : 
So, you mean to say that from the second quarter, we should 
come back to our run rate of around $54-$55 million? 
Pranav Amin: 
It depends, see now the erosion also goes and in my opinion will 
be closer to 50 million, but I am saying a lot more erosion on the 
market than I saw at the end of the Q4. 
Rashmi : 
Sir, how much is the price erosion? Is it selling double digits for 
Alembic, if you can just quantify that? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I would say it is in double digits. I haven’t looked at it because 
it is a moving figure so, I don’t keep looking at it, but I anticipate it 
will be in low double digits. 
Rashmi : 
And any new launches which you are guiding for FY23? 
Pranav Amin: 
We launched 5 products in Q1. We anticipate to launch 5 to 6 in 
Q2 as well and for the year, we will be anywhere between 15 to 
18 kind of launches. 
Rashmi : 
And what kind of growth we will be seeing in the specialty and 
acute segment in India business? Any guidance if you want to 
give and also for this quarter if you can split between prices 
growth, volume growth and new launches growth? 
R. K. Baheti: 
We don’t give guidance that way, but Shaunak has already said 
that  we are pretty confident about our market beating growth both 
on specialty and on some acute ex of covid related products. 
Rashmi : 
Sir, last question on gross margins, we were doing around 73-
74% gross margin and I think more or less. it was expected that 
it could remain in that range, but I understand that due to the US 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
price erosion and due to the high input cost, the gross margins 
have slipped to 70%, but anything which you can like let us know 
that you know month-on-month basis, the input cost is coming off 
and from the second quarter, we are going to see any 
improvement from year on or you feel that this would be at least 
for the entire year? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Very difficult to say at this moment. It will be dependent on 
multiple things, input cost as well as realization which I do. So, I 
am not putting a number as of now. 
Rashmi : 
So, is it safe to assume that it will more or less remain in this range 
only 70-71% for the entire year? 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, I think you can make your own assumption, we cannot give 
you more guidance on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the lines of Nikhil 
Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
I just have one question. The last time, I remember there were 
some 150 approval that were in place and the company had 
launched 104-105 products in the US, so the remainder of the 
products that are yet to be launched, should we assume that there 
is anything still left or given how the situation there is in the US, 
there is barely any  left in those products? 
Pranav Amin: 
Generally with the market situation as I said we have launched 
about 15 odd products this year. I think some are awaiting patent 
expiries, so those we launched as and when the patent expires, 
those are tentative approvals and the rest we will take some in 
the process of launching and some we may choose not to launch 
because we have the technical issues or because of the market 
situation. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Nikhil Mathur: 
And again, on the gross margin front, is it very counterintuitive if I 
look at sales percentage of India in the overall mix, it has a kind 
of gone up, should generally come in many other peer companies, 
the margins in India are usually better than the export markets, so 
this dynamics is different in Alembic and hence actually India 
growth for India higher share need some bit of margin dilutions? 
R. K. Baheti: 
So, I don’t know whether I have understood you right, but previous 
few years, we did extremely well in US, we had some very good 
products realization and our margins in US were much better. At 
the gross level margins figures were very good. India margin are 
more or less like consistent and they remain except for some bit 
of changes due to those COVID related disruptions one and half 
year back but otherwise India margins remains more or less 
consistent. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So, sir your US margins are one of the highest in the industry and 
I think there is a specific strategy because of which you generate 
such high US margins at the gross level, isn’t it a big risk for 
Alembic at 68-69% whatever 70% gross margins, no other Indian 
company does this, I think it is a big risk going forward actually 
when the pricing also be so big for the US market? 
R. K. Baheti: 
At the peak level, when some of the products were doing very well 
in US and our margins have also peaked to 75% plus and at that 
time I said that these margins are unsustainable in long term and 
they will come down and they are coming down, but if you say, 
our margins are better than industry, I will take it as compliment. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Right, but the past, all credit to the company for what you guys 
have been able to deliver in the past but if I look at Q3 out, is my 
expectation right that there can be more risk than tailwinds to your 
margin profiles? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
R. K. Baheti: 
It is very difficult to say because it is very difficult to predict the 
market particularly the US market and India market as I say is 
more consistent and more predictable, but US is very difficult to 
predict, so won’t give any comment, but we hope that sooner than 
later US also will stabilize at some point of time. 
Pranav Amin: 
Also what I think is, US is the largest market in the world.  It’s a 
great market to be a part of and I would say that you have to look 
it a little bit more in the long term. This year, last 10 years track 
record, profit and revenue growth has been quite exceptional, 
over almost 30% profit, 25 in terms of topline, so yes, the US 
move is little cyclical, but I think it is an interesting business, you 
cannot not be in it. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
And sir what is the currency transaction impact? Where would that 
be sitting in 1Q because I don’t think any major gains at least 
another income, so how is the currency accounting played out? 
R. K. Baheti: 
 Generally rupee depreciation has been favorable or good for 
pharma companies, we are also hedging foreign exchange. So, 
generally it has a positive impact. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Can you quantify that sir, how much of positive impact is there 
from currency? 
R. K. Baheti: 
We don’t, because a part of it was hedge share 30-40% part of it 
we hedge on the regular basis, the balance remains open, but we 
have got some benefit out of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harith 
Ahamed from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
First one is on the F3 facility, you mentioned that the remediation 
activity is there or underway, so in your assessment, will this 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
facility require a re-inspection before it is cleared by the FDA? And 
regarding the F2 and F4 facilities, we are having expectations 
around inspection timelines for these two new facilities? 
Pranav Amin: 
F3 I believe, it would require an inspection, but let us see how it 
goes in terms of the FDAs, how they accept all the results and we 
have been updating them on a monthly basis, I believe it will 
require re-inspection. As regards to F2, the oral solid part is 
already approved by the FDA, so there is no issue. The injectable 
bit, we have filed some products, so which should trigger a filing 
as and when the FDA increases their audits which they already 
have. We should have them visiting us for an audit as well. F4 
also, we have filed, however in the priority list of FDA, this will be 
a little later. So, I don’t think that will happen in this year. 
Harith Ahamed: 
My second question is on margins and I am looking at margins 
adjusted for the one-off R&D at Aleor that is around Rs. 100 
crores which is above EBITDA. Still, the margins are at around 
10%, slightly below 10% while we were at a closer to 20% number 
through most of last year, so how should we think of the recovery 
in margin from this level and may be some color on how the 
recovery would play out over the next few quarters? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Margins would stay under some pressure till the realization from 
US improve while we are doing everything possible under our 
control or to do some cost rationalization. They would have only 
a smaller influence of margin. We would bank on US doing better 
to further improve the margins. 
Harith Ahamed: 
But sir, while we are expecting a recovery in the US in the coming 
quarters, over the next 3 to 4 quarters, we will also see the 
additional costs which are getting capitalized now, so that would 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
also mean further pressure on margins from the current level side, 
so? 
R. K. Baheti: 
I said once the new facilities become operational and an earlier 
participant also mentioned, initially the revenue would be lower, 
the expense would be higher, there will be a pressure of margin, 
for any growth you need to sustain a higher cost in the transitional 
period and that is how you grow the business. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Last one if I missed, your comment on the intangibles write-off at 
Aleor, you mentioned that the write-off was done to reflect the 
current market conditions, so just thinking about the adverse 
market conditions pertaining to the US generic market, does this 
also imply that we will have a re-think on our future CAPEX as 
well as R&D spends for the US markets because the way when I 
look at the numbers, our normal R&D spend continues to be at 
around that Rs. 150 crores level on a quarterly basis, so now that 
you have seen the market conditions turn adverse, will we have a 
re-think on probably lowering the spend to reflect the more 
challenging environment there? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, you are absolutely right, the way we are approaching the US 
is on two things. One on the CAPEX side. All these new plants 
we did, essentially new capability that we did, so I don’t expect 
anticipate any new CAPEX, large CAPEX for the US moving 
forward. At the most, we may have some incremental CAPEX or 
maintenance CAPEX, we may increase some API capacity, but 
on the formulation side, we will not do any CAPEX on a new 
facility. As regard, the R&D, yes, we are constantly evaluating that 
as well. How do we rationalize the R&D spend as well moving 
forward because the returns from the US are more. We will 
rationalize it by either looking in other territories or in terms of 
other verticals. Now, this R&D that you see is not just OSD, but it 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
is a part of it includes injectables and the other vertical as well and 
this would help the new plant as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bharat 
Celly from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand on product called Formoterol, so 
I believe we have already launched that, so just wanted to know 
how you are seeing the traction in that product, whether we have 
seen any adverse pricing anything you can comment on the 
overall outlook of this drug we have launched? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, it is a good product. We have launched it. We have picked 
up some share as well in that product. It has got a little lesser 
competition. So, let us wait and see how it goes. It is from a CMO, 
so we are slowly gradually picking up more shares we get as we 
have more confidence on the supply chain. 
Bharat Celly: 
And what sort of market share we will be reaching in this product 
at this point of time? 
Pranav Amin: 
It depends, but we must be at over 15% or so. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sir, we are referring that we will be having around $50 million 
base in the US market, so that guidance is including this drug? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, so what is happening is the base business, it started 
including these new products because some old one has gone 
back down and this is there, so in that I am including this as well. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sir, actually I am failing to understand one thing because this drug 
is almost like $300 million drug or upward of that as per the IMS 
and only it is a two generic player market and yet our base 
numbers in that case ex of this drug might be much lower, so I 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
don’t know what exactly is happening in that front, whether 
Formoterol is relatively still a sizable chunk for us or not, it is very 
difficult to get clarity on that? 
Pranav Amin: 
Two things, one is we don’t give products wise breakup, but if you 
realize that what the reported figure is, it could be gross sales 
versus what even looks like as net sales. So, we have to see that 
differentiation which is not necessary captured all the time in IMS 
and that is why you are feeling that much larger products than it 
is. 
Bharat Celly: 
And according to you what will be the net sales of that drug if you 
could provide? 
Pranav Amin: 
So, I will just say we shouldn’t give product wise guidance on the 
sales of our product. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sir, I was referring to the overall market, how big? 
Pranav Amin: 
As industry, I would say net sales would be about 20 to 40% or 
so, 20 to 30%, depending. 
Bharat Celly: 
20 to 30% of $300 million? 
Pranav Amin: 
Whatever the gross sales, I am giving a range for the industry 
wise product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Akshata 
Rein from Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Akshata Rein: 
My first question was that CWIP is of Rs. 2,200 crore as on 31st 
March 2022, can you please share what it pertains to and when 
are the projects scheduled? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
R. K. Baheti: 
We were discussing Akshata, we have these 3 facilities which we 
have did F3 was for injectable, oral soluble, as well as onco 
injectable, F4 for new formulation facility. So, all of these are WIP 
as none of them has gone to commercial production yet. 
Akshata Rein: 
Also, can you please share Aleor’s EBITDA percent and 
Alembic's EBITDA percent without Aleor? 
R. K. Baheti: 
The share in the result itself that we have some it has 10% 
EBITDA without earlier impact. 
Akshata Rein: 
So, this might be naïve of mine, but could you please share why 
like in the table of Q4 FY22, it doesn’t show any change in 
revenue, I understand that Aleor was a subsidiary with 60% stake, 
so sales should have been added line-by-line, right? 
R. K. Baheti: 
correct, in that company, March itself we have acquired the 
balance 40% and now it is an 100% subsidiary. Currently, we are 
in process of merging Aleor with Alembic Pharma and the matter 
is with the honorable NCLT Ahmedabad. 
Moderator: 
We have no further questions. I would like to hand it over to the 
management for closing comments. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thank you everyone for joining this call. It is a pleasure and 
learning to be interacting with all of you and we look forward to 
interacting with you again in post Q2 results. Thank you for 
joining. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
