MONTE CARLOAX 
_ It's the way you make me feel 
GSTN 
: O3AAFCM7888Q1ZK 
PAN - AAFCM7888Q 
TAN - JLDM04272C 
CIN - L51494PB2008PLC032059 
“MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Regd. Office : B-XXIX-106, G.T. Road, Sherpur, Ludhiana 
- 141003 (Pb.) India. 
Tel.: 91-161-5048610, 5048620, 5048630, 5048640 Fax 
: 91-161-5048650 
  
MCFL/SE/2022-23 
  
August 10, 2022 
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
  
  Symbol: MONTECARLO 
  Scrip Code: 538836 
  
Sub: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL — Q1FY23 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings 
conference call of the Company held on August 5, 2022 to discuss Q1 FY23 results. 
We request you to kindly take this in your record, 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
I 
! 
ANKUR GAUBA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICS| Membership No: FCS 10577 
“tes 
Visit us at :- www.montecarlocorporate.com E-mail 
; info@montecarlo.in

MONTE CARLO AX 
li's the way you make me feel 
“Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
Q1 FY2023 Conference Call” 
August 05, 2022 
MONTE CARLO 4X. 
Emkay 
noes >. 
It's the way you make me fee! 
ANALYST: 
MS. JIGISHA KAPOOR— EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DINESH GOGNA 
- DIRECTOR— MONTE CARLO FASHIONS 
LIMITED 
Mr. SANDEEP JAIN — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR — MONTE CARLO 
FASHIONS LIMITED 
Mr. 
RISHABH OSWAL 
— EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
— MONTE 
CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Mr. R K SHARMA — CFO — MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Mr. ANKUR GAUBA —COMPANY SECRETARY — MONTE CARLO 
FASHIONS LIMITED 
Page 
| of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Moderator 
Jigisha Kapoor. 
Sandeep Jair: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Ladies and genllemen, good day and welcome to the Monte Carlo Fashions Limited Q1 
FY 2023conFerence call hosted by Emkay Glabal Financial Services. We have with us today, Mf. 
Dinesh Gogna ~ Director, 
Mr. Sandeep Jain ~ Executive Director, 
Mr. Rishabh Osval — 
Executive Director, Mr. R K, Sharma 
~ CPO and Mr. Ankur Gauba Company Secrelary: As a 
reminder, all participant Lines will be inthe listen only mode and there wil be an apportunity For 
you lo.ask questions al the end ofthe presenlation loday. Should you need assistance during the 
  
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then "0" on your louchlone pho. 
Please note thal this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over lo Ms, Figisha 
Kapoor from Emkay Global Services. Thank you and over Io you Madam! 
Good morning, everyone, 
I would like lo welcome the management and thank them For this 
‘opportunity. 
| shall now hand over the call lo the management For the opening remarks. Over to 
you gentlemen! 
Good moming, everyone and thank you For joining us for this earnings call of Monte Carlo 
Fashions Limited to discuss the Financial and the operaling performance for Q] Y2023. 
1 vould 
like to highlight those cerlain slalements made or discussed over the conference call today will be 
Forward-looking slalements and disclaimer to this has been included in the resulls presentation 
shared with you earlier. Resull documents are available on company’s website and also have 
‘been updaled on slack exchanges. & transcript of this call could also be made available on the 
investor section on the company’s website 
Now, lel me share with you the Financial and the operational performance For this quarier. The 
company reported revenue of Rs. 113 Crores during Q1FY 2023 as against Rs. 42 Crores in Q1 
2022 thus, registering a growth of 171% year-on-year. This quarler has been the best ever 
Q1 
even through the entire existence of this company. Operating EBITDA for this quarter was Rs.4 
‘Crore as against loss of 
5.8.6 Cro 
in Q] PY2022, loss 
al PAT level lower al Rs.39 Crore as 
against Rs.10 Crore in Q1 PY2022, Our balance sheel continues Io remain robusl, and ve 
continue Loenjoy a nel debl-Fre salu 
‘We have a cash balance of Rs.275.6 
Crore which comprises of cash and then currencies along 
wih curren and non-current investments. Long-term borrowing is Rs 7.5 Crore as of June 2022 
as compared lo Rs.8.3 Crores in March 2022 which shows our efficacy in serving the debi. 
Monte Carlo continues with this and give up building a leading branded apparel company with a 
well-diversiied portfolio such as eolion, wosllen, kids, and home fursishing apart From eallon 
segment, 
also produce different other garments. We also produce colton and catton Blended 
‘T-shirts in economic calegory under the brand Cloak and Decker. The abilily to lap various 
segments over the markel provides the company with Lremenous opportunities For growth in 
coming years. The key strength is wide and growing distribution network with a diversified 
presence across 
India. 
The company’s product reaches 
the end users through different 
Gistribulion chamels. The company has presence through 1.363 MBOs, 323 EBOs, 268 national 
care slores. With regard lo our online sales, we are looking lo Facus more on selling through our 
Page 2 of 19

MONTE CARLO an 
lt's the way you make me fee 
Moderator: 
Deepan Sankara N: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
own portal, also our cloth are available on various e-commerce websites such as Ajio, Amazon, 
Flipkart, Myntra, First cry, Jabong and Kapsons. Majority of our net revenues comes from the 
franchise, EBOs and MBOs where we primarily sell on pre-order for outright basis by virtue of 
this business model there is a no major inventories and we always remain insulated from the 
normal hazard sales in the branded apparel business. 
I would like to highlight that; till date we 
have experienced almost zero bad debts in our business which stands as a testimony to our strong 
business models based no zero-credit risk policy for the company. At Monte Carlo we are 
pledged to provide our customers with finest clothing through product innovations, high quality, 
and the launch of new collections from time to time. Moreover, we continuously work towards 
changing the look and feel of us to also give our customers best in fabrics business. 
Setting up a new cloudy blanket manufacturing unit by subsidiary company Monte Carlo Home 
Textiles 
Limited. 
Monte 
Carlo 
Fashions 
Limited 
is 
entitled 
under 
the 
PLI scheme 
for 
manufacturing home textile products like rugs and mint leather fabrics post a visibility in the 
foresaid PLI scheme the management conducted 
a feasibility study on the product profile, 
competitive landscape, and economic viability of the scenario about. The company’s feasibility 
study concluded that the manufacturing of said products were not favourable even with the aid of 
PLI scheme, thus the board of directors concluded to undertake other projects which will be 
beneficial for the company and will also benefit our stakeholders. Now, under our subsidiary 
company Monte Carlo Home Textile Limited we are planning 
to set up 
a cloudy blended 
manufacturing unit with a project cost of Rs.80 Crore approximately in Jammu and Kashmir 
which will align with the overall growth strategy of the company. The benefit of setting up plant 
in J&K are capital investment incentive, capital interest subvention, GST-linked incentive, a low 
rate of electricity and other tax exemptions. We are optimistic about our future growth and 
earning potential, we believe that we have a strong foundation for the future which can provide 
us sustainable and the profitable growth for the longer-term. While our focus will be to maximise 
revenue growth going forward, our large interest is to build profitability by maintaining cost 
control measures. With this now we can open the floor for question-and- answer session, if any 
of 
you 
have 
any 
queries 
post 
this 
earning 
call, 
you 
may 
also 
contact 
us 
at 
investros@montecalrocorporate.com 
or 
through 
Dickenson 
World 
our 
Investor 
Relation 
Advisors. Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take the 
first question is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from Trust Line. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Good morning, everyone, and congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, firstly I wanted to 
understand this Rs.80 Crore investment we are talking about in home textile, so will this capex be 
enough to replace our current trading volumes in home textile business to manufacturing and 
what kind of margins improvement we can foresee from our own manufacturing? 
Thank you Mr. Deepan. Basically, in our home textile segment it is not only the blanket which 
we trade, we 
also do towels, bed sheets, and quilts. 
So, 
this plant 
is basically for blanket 
Page 3 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Deepan Sankara N: 
  
Sandeep Jair: 
Deepan Sankara N: 
Sandeep Jair: 
Deepan Sankara N: 
Sandeep Jair: 
Deepan Sankara N: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepan Sankara N: 
Moderator: 
Vikas Khemanit 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
manufacturing we are pulling up al 1&K. Oul of thal also there are some of the blankets wich 
‘we cannol produce in this unil some of tha would Keep on oulsourcing from China and 70 to 
75% of these Blankels whal we do right now can be produced in this blankel unis As Far as 
EBITDA 
is concerned we have checked and as far as the standalone unil 
is concerned the 
EBITDA including the incentives are in the range of 20-22% which is in line with the company’s 
slralegy and when ve slarl producing these Blankets 
it will definitely add in our profitability 
‘because righl now the EBITDA of the blankel trading is around M4 to 15%, = when we have 
Tigher EBITDA in our manufacturing thal benefit will definitely come lo the company. 
‘Okay, and whal kind of revenues we can generale From this Rs.80 Crore investment? 
I ove soe the slandalone revenues From (hese unils should be in the range oF Rs.140 to Rs.150 
Crore bul oul of thal around 50% will be sourced in-house the additional revenue which the 
‘company will generate will be around Rs.70 lo Rs.75 Crore and this plant we hope thal should be 
‘operational by svond halFof next Fiscal 
‘Okay, and secondly how is the order book pipeline For our winler cloths, having we laken any 
price increase For current season as wll? 
‘The order book 
is very slrong as we already menlioned in our earlier conference call alse, we had 
4a very slrong Irade show where we have very good order backing and anather advanlage, we 
have is thal a low level of slock al the relail levels. 
So, we are very oplimislic and hopeful for 
this, and we are going ahead. 
‘Are we planning to increase our growih guidance For Full year, sr? 
Right nov, we sland by the growih guidance of 20 lo 25% which we gave earlier in our Tasl 
conference call, so if there is any change in the guidelines during the course oF the year we will 
finitely update you, 
‘Okay, so Tasly From my side last quarier we have sid thal we are planning lo add 20 10 25 new 
sores every year bul this quarler ila IF we have added some 1] stores, so are we planning to do 
aggressive expansions? 
‘We are on track fo open around 30 slores this Financial year and [hope thal we mighl even cross 
(his Figure going Forward inthis Financial year. 
‘Okay. Thanksa 
Tol and all the best 
‘Thank you sir, We lake the nex! question From the Tine 
of Vikas Khemani From Carnelian A.ssel 
Management, Please go ahead, 
Sandeep, congralulalions on good sel of numbers and the entire team. 
| think First time in Q] 
reported a posiive EBITDA which isa very good sign of slowly reducing the seasonalily. Ihave 
Page 
4 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
Vikas Khemani 
Sandeep Jain: 
Vikas Khemani 
Sandeep Jain: 
Dinesh Gogna: 
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘couple oF questions, ane is thal orhal happens lo our earlier rug plant have we scrapped thal or is 
There any update on thal because in the las call you suid thal you are revieoring il and of course 
you have announced a new plant in Jammu and Kashmir forthe blank bul whal happens to thal 
plants there any decision you made on thal? 
Yes, decision has already been laken in the board thai isnot lurative enough to go with the 
rugs manufacturing plant secing the global scenario and the overall EBITDA afer making the 
ay’s project report. So, a5 of now we have cancelled the rugs manufacturing planls and nov ve 
are going ahead with the cloudy blankel manufacturing plant in J&K and which the company has 
made a delailed project report, and which is definitely EBITDA accretive to the company and 
also inline with the company's adjusting blanket marketing 
‘Correct, Bul given the sie of our balance shee! and opportunity and all 
| think there were PLIs 
carlier the investment size was far bigger than whal we are currenlly 
doing 
il, So, are there then 
any more projects of similar kind on the drawing board which you are considering because ve 
have a reasonably good amounl of cash opportunities where you pay specially on the export 
Front, s0 are there 
any projects on you drawing board stil? 
‘We arealvays onthe lookoul of good projects which we have shared earlier also thal il should be 
having the same kind of EBITDA level whal the company is dbing right now. In Monte Carlo in 
the Blankel manufacturing unit when wwe made the delailed project report the EBITDA level was 
coming al the same levels, s0il is nol going lo Further EBITDA and will definitely add to the 
revenues, 
We are thinking of going into two phases, 
in firs phase we are pulling up an 
investment of Rs.80 Crove For the First Line and iF everything goes well then there is second line 
‘which will come up in the same area because we are laking the land according to thres lines. Se, 
second capex we expect 
of R570 Crore which will Follow once the First Tine is commissioned, 
and il is a5 per the expected lines 
I thnk the company is always open For Fulure investments in 
the areas where il can have good EBITDA which isin he Tine of the company and also company 
is open for higher dividers and buybacks 
in the Fulure 
‘And this praject 
is only For domeslic replacing our demand, because our demand may nol 
consider if that export clement ul there as ell? 
Most 
of it will go inlo the domestic markeling because the benefils which we gel by pulling up 
this plant in J&K are GST, SGST and CGST there we gel the refund oF all the dulies whatever 
pay. 
Se, mos! of the products will go into the domestic markel bul | cannal rule 
oul even small 
ppercenlage canbe dove for the exporis als 
Vikas, in Fact pal oF Lis For the caplive use also, 
ve can say il so because we have been giving 
the textile trading in our results and textile lrading includes trading in blankels and hitherlo we 
have been importing all the blankets from China and only some portion of this year we have 
laken the Blankets from Panipal and other place Incase of some prablem with China. Now. 
when this unit is pul up basically some portion of thal will be sold lo Monte Carla's main unil 
Page $ of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
  
Vikas Khemani 
Sandeep Jain: 
Vikas Khemanit 
  
Moderator: 
Naresh Katara: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Naresh Katara: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
{holding company) and From there they will doas hugely a3 they used to db earlier 
as rading in 
thal and that will certainly increase our EBITDA margin in Monle Carlo also. Secondly, as For 
the extension process is concemed as Mr. Jain has already explained to you thal this is he 
‘beginning, now lo begin vith we are very careful, and we have been always 
going ahead for the 
‘expansion which actually earns company a profiable growth, Thal is the reason lo begin this we 
are going ahead with the Rs.80 Crore of this lolal project and Mhereafler this project will go to 
3.150 Crore and we will nol slop here, iF we Find good opporlunily oe will go Further ahead, 
Sure, 
I think that is good. One more only suggestion or observation to other than any question, 
while we are expanding aboul 20 ~ 25 odd stores and I guess this quarler you have done very 
‘well bul given the Fact thal we are a very calegory leader and there is nol any meaningful brand 
‘hich is there to compete with us. 
| thoughl probably and right now demand environment across 
the board is very. very slong, 59 using this opportunity to scale up the growth slighlly Faster 
would be greal idea according to me. OF course, 
I know thal you guys are conservalive and 
generally you follow sery conservalive policy bul environment right now 
is such 
that 
unorganised lo organised shif. 
is happening in our brand addition when 
I recall, 
capturing the 
white space would be great idea thal is my sbservalion. Any comment 
on thal? 
Vikas, we are 
in line with whal you are saying, a3 you know thal the company has grovn 45% 
last Financial year, so on a larger base we are projecting a growth of 20 to 25% thal shows our 
aggressive nalure as compared lolasl few years where we were growing al 10 lo 15%. Se, 
I hisk 
‘we are 
in line with hal you are saying and definitely, we have noled your points 
Great Sandeep. Thank you 
‘Thank you sir, We lake the next question From the Tine oF Naresh Kalaria From Money Curves 
Investment, Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, congratulations. My question is on the long-term growth very good to know thal you are 
reiterating 20 ~ 259 growth this year Lam hoping his momentum continues. Lam thinking what 
thas changed structurally lo give us this growth confidence. Because Tasl fire years growth is 
more like 10 ~ 129 CAGR of course we had Covid impact. Bul is il thal we have reached the 
swale where they are able lo grow or isil the previous years Focus on? 
TFL clearly understood your question, you wanled lo ask thal how we are very confident oF 
achieving the growth of 20 - 25% going Forward 
Exaclly 
What happens is thal we have different areas in Monle Carlo; basically, 
in our distribution 
channel also we have Four different channels which are large formal stores then SIS which is 
shop-in-shop then EBOs and MBOs. 
So, 
il lakes lime when you consolidate 
all the areas as well 
as when they slarl complementing 
each olher rather than competing with each alher. So, we are 
Page 6 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Naresh Kataria: 
Sandeep Jair: 
Naresh Katara: 
Moderator: 
Niktil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Niktil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
doing lol of exercise in the Tast Few years so thal all these channels complement each other and 
also, we are keeping a slralegy of almost having the same price ata he Tevels thal is helping the 
company Io grow and giving the confidence among the reailers and the consumers as Far as 
when they go to any channels. 
So, besides thal we have been doing well in our economy range 
Cloak and Decker, we are doing well in our blanket section which is home textile section, and 
‘our Rockil band is also picking up in this Financial year All these hings on which company was 
pulling efforts in last three-four years are aplly giving us the Fruits and thal is why we are 
confident 
of giving this growth 
Perfect, good lo know and you mentioned in the last call and interview also and even in this call 
‘on the winter visibility de-grovih, winler is sill away. Whal gives us the confidence thal winter 
will work to be good. 
Is 
il the economy Tow Fund or is il our lailors and MBOs and EBOs are 
Iclling thal enquiry are good.or whal isthe monilor right over tere? 
Basically, when we say thal our winter should be good il depends on order book. Inthe recently 
conducted trade show, ve have 
gol a very strong order book. Now, the second benefil which we 
{get in his Financial year isthe Tower inventory al the dealer level and also al MBO level. 
So, that 
gives us another confidence thal when the inventory 
is low, 
the order book 
is strong and 
economy is doing well as far as India is concerned, 
1 do nol see any issues as far as any 
Forthcoming recession is concerned. So, we are very confident thal if economy is performing 
definitely all the brand inclusing us will definitely perFarm. 
‘Okay sir. Thank you. 
‘Thank you sir, We lake ihe nex! question From the line of Nikhil Jain From Galaxy International. 
Please go-ahead. 
‘Thank you For the opportunity. Justa couple of queslions, Firs was aboul reconfirming thal the 
rnew plant thal you are selling in JK thal 
primarily Far domestic and we will be using i under 
the Monte Carlo brands, right? 
Basically, 
iF we do our cull business and the kind of capacily we are pulling up in J&K as oF now 
we should be able lo use around 50 lo 60% of the capacily of thal particular unil and rest | think 
wwe can sellin he open markel the blankels, so thal is how we procesd, 
Okay and as the requirement grows then you go ahead with phase-2 of expansion as you 
suggested, right? 
‘This can increase because we have been growing in 30 0 35% per year in our blankels and home 
textiles. Going forward we think thal the demand will keep on rising and definilely the 
‘oulsourcing will be more From us blankel units and we are planning our expansion also in the 
second phase ance this slarls in he second hal FoF next Fiscal 
Page 
7 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Niktil Jain: 
  
Niktil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Niktil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Nikbit Jain 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘Okay, greal. My second question 
is with respect lo this quarer, as compared lo the Tasl year First 
quarier our top line has tripled almost From Rs.40 Crore odd lo Rs.120 Crore od in a great 
achievemenl 
on the EBITDA side also. So, we are now postive, bul 1am 
trying lo understand 
what would make us nel positive on this parlicular quarler because our sales has grown three 
limes but still on the net profil side ve were 
nol positive. So, whal si hal will make us positive. 
iF the product mix is diferent ohich we have actually sold in this quarler which is having Tess 
margin as compared to our regular products and all? 
Basically, this is historically a weak quarer for us. The reason for this weak quarter as far as 
PAT is concerned the biggest thing is thal we slat manufacturing of our sweaters jackels, and 
other winter goods in the month of February -March itself. So, all the production expense in 
making those garments are actually inthis quarter bul the product tha sold only in the second 
and third quarter. Thal is why there we are showing some loss inthis quarler bul otherwise iF you 
see thal all the majority expense when we enter 
in this quarter, ve do nol lake nate 
of rather then 
‘we book when we sell i 
then i can turn into profits. Thal is the basically reason why we are 
showing growth in this quarter 
‘Okay, thank you Justa last queslion, the 1] sloves thal we have opened can you advise which 
ones or which slales have you opened these slores? 
Yes, the lwo are opened in Southern Slate which is one is in Bengaluru 
and one is in Hydcrabad, 
and one is opened in the Eastern region then balance are opened in the Northern and Central 
region. 
Right and can you also highlight whal is your sralegy For eapansion, because 
of oiler iF you say 
privately, we are alling the winler wears, So we are a very slrong brand on the winter swear side 
‘Are we Tooking lo open more on the slales where the winlers are much slronger compared lo 
colher slates where winlers may nol be 30 heavy? 
‘We are opening pan India as 
I have said jusl now thal we have opened in Hyderabad also, we 
have opened in Bengaluru also bul we are making a very conscious movement to these slales as 
and when we gel a good localion and good renlals and definitely because being a topical country 
wwe know thal there are nine months of summer and in those slates where we have very Tess 
winters we have to be present only because of summer wear products Thal is why we are making 
roads in Southern slates and Western slates and | am glad lo say thal we have been growing in 
‘both slates also if you compare the First quarler number of Southern slates, las year the sales was 
Rs.2.Crome in South and other sla, i is Rs.8.9 Croves in this Financial year and in case of West 
also il grew From Rs0.24 Crore lo Rs.3.78 Crore. So, there has been a growth in Weslern and 
Southern states also and also plan of opening reailoullel in thes slates going Forward 
‘Okay, greal. Thank you. That isall From my side 
Page 8 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Moderator: 
‘Zaki Naseer: 
  
‘Zaki Naseer: 
Rishabh Oswalt 
‘Zaki Naseer: 
Rishabh Oswalt 
‘Zaki Naseer: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘Thank you sir. We lake the next question From the Tine oF Zaki Naseer from Relail Investor 
Please go-ahead. 
Sandeep bhai, Namaskar. Congratulations on phenomenal First quarler as you had performance 
last year and thanks For opening place in Hyderabad purely you were looking quite for a long 
lime, Sandeep Bhai, now my question number one is regarding raw material prices. Collon and 
Yarn has been volatile, how does this affect you, does iL affect your product sizing in this season, 
sir, Number lwo is this year more or less you have given growth guidance of 20%, Dp you think 
4 year afler thal you will be able lo mainlain hal momentum, oF it will gel back to mare of & 
normalized growth? Thank you. 
‘Thank you. As far as raw material prices are concerned, we made ourselves insulaled whenever 
‘we go for a trade show sve normally cover all our round depending upon the availability and 
depending upon the order book we expect. do nol think any yavialion in the raw material price 
‘going Forward afer the rade show would affect us because we have already covered the material 
whichever ve require for the ovinler products. Bul you see thal the colton prices are coming 
down, 
s0 going forward we see thal the MRP does nal come dovn once we fix il in the last 
season and this season also we do nol see thal the MRP goes down. 
the MRP does nat go down 
and there is a reduction in the raw material prices definitely it will benefit the company going 
Forward in the summer wear product As Faras growth pallern is concerned even though last year 
we grew al 45% and we gave very strong guidance lo 20 to 259% and we are very oplimislic about 
the economy of this county as we sex thal there have been many sleps laken by the government 
which is pushing the economy lo grow al 7.5% in this Fiscal and as per the RBI report going 
Forward wwe do nal see any recession which is coming to India and the economy should remain 
slrong going Forward So, ve do nol think any problems or any issues thal we should nol 
continue 
our growth going Forward also. 
‘Thank you sir, and iF 1 may just ask one more thing. 
Sir, 
in regard 
lo digilal markeling whal isthe 
share oF your sale on the online nelivorks righl now and how do you plan to push this up going 
Forward, sr? 
Good morning. Currenlly, this year around 4% oF our sales have come From online channel, this 
is less as there were some supplies constrains from our side lowards supply Lo the online channel 
and our website is undergoing maintenance in this quarler, bul we are confident of making il up 
in the coming quarters or good Financial year. So, al the end of the Financial year we will be in 
online as wel 
‘Yes, Rishabh Ji, bul lel us say 2025 whal is your aspiration For this Figure 4%¢ would become 7- 
89% in 20252 
‘Our Largel is 7 to 856 oF our overall sales will come From online channel 
‘Thank you sir, Fanaslic. Best wishes sir. 
Page 9 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Moderator: 
Riya: 
Rishabh Oswalt 
Riy 
  
Rishabh Oswalt 
  
Dinesh Gogna: 
Riya: 
  
  
Riya: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘Thank you, We lake the next question From the Tine of Riya From Equilas investments, Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, my Firsl question is singe we are eapecting this kind oF growih in online presence as well as 
we have Tine up For new slores lo be opened, Whal kind of brand and markeling expenses do we 
see coming Forvard like are we going fo invest in thal 
or how isthe outlook? 
4s Far as Monle Carlo brand is concerned the brand recognition and brand pull is goad enough 
that we can mainlain our advertisement spend al 210 3% of our Lurmover and thal is whal we are 
spending currently and thal is our guidance going Forward. However, there isa shit belween the 
compositions of this spend thal we do, so we are shifling more from offline towards online, ad 
spend. However, the lolal ad spend remains al 2% to 39, 
so we are Focusing more on digital 
adverlisemenls and performance-based advertisement when il comes lo this point 
Okay, because increase 
in penetration in online channels you will nex much more brand 
[presence which isin other pal ofthe country itis 
Tess prevalen!? 
I can cross 39% bul overall 
il will be al the same Tevel bul obviously we can increase our 
‘exposure lowards Southern slales and Western slales when il comes lo digilal advertisement. 
Bul as you know the revenue is almosl growing From Rs.900 lo Rs.1,100 Crore even thal ill 
‘become Rs.30 Crores as compared fo Rs.20 Crores in his Financial year 
‘Thal is quantitative, value will rise 
Right, and in terms of core network do you want lo give any guidance For the current year how 
many slores you wanl lo open up and whal kind oF sales From each store do we lock Forward lo? 
‘We have given a guidance of 30 stores lo open up in this Financial year and normally we soe thal 
14 1,000square Fee! should do a sale of around Re.1.2 Crores 
‘Okay and all these 30 stores will be more than 1,000square Feel? 
‘Yes, more than 1000square feel, Somelimes we gel lesser area also depending upon the lacalion 
when ib is mol available bul mostly il is around 1,000square Feel or more than 1,00Qsquare Feet, 
‘Also, now coming (o a broader oullook some demand point oF riew, could give me a sense of 
Inow isthe demand because I was recenily reading aboul some arlicles where the demand is going 
down, region wise as well produc! wise your woollen as well ascollon wear? 
‘Weare very glad lo say thal we are nol sceing any downfall in the demand 
as far as any growihis 
concerned, we are having a very slrong demand coming From the relail oullel and also our olher 
channels ike our MBO asrel and LEI channel we have sven a very slrong demand coming up and 
‘we do nol sce any Fallin the demand 
in the near Fulure. 
Page 
10 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
  
Moderator: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sandeep Jain: 
  
Sandeep Jair: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘Okay this is For both North region as well as South region, right? 
Yer, itis both the regions 
‘Okay, and whal percentage of a product is nol backed for order book and can you give me a 
limeline how many months before the order back is plaoed and whal is the exact procedure iF 1 
may ask? 
‘We doa trade show almost six lo seven months in advance, lke For winter wedo a trade show in 
the month of March and then we slat producing our goods and the goods goes normally up to 
Five months Tike we start despatching in August and i ends in October basicaly, 90% of the 
goods and then again in summer we do a lade show around August and Seplember and the 
despatches are in January- February and iLends in April 
‘Okay, and whal percentage of our products are non-arder book oriented? 
‘Thal is very small, there are some repeals which come once the order goes into the relails Floors, 
Dbul thal percenlage isnot thal much mosily we produce on the order-based goods only, Bul there 
are some corporate enquiries which come as and when there is demand For thal, 
so thal is 
separate From the normal rade business 
‘Okay. Thal is, 
il From my side. Thank you, 
‘Thank you, We lake the next queslion from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Invesiments. 
Please go-ahead. 
Good morning, 
sir, and congralulalions far a good sel of number. 
I had a Few questions, one iF 
you could fell us whal is our current mia oF revenue belieen economy mid and luxury segment 
and whal is the lype oF gross difference which we enjoy there beliveen the three segments? 
‘We have Cloak and Decker brand which 
is in exonomy segment rest everything 
is upper 
premium. Basically if I 1alk about he overall revenue of the company. 
il should be around 5 to 
{6% oF the turnover nol more than thal otherwise everything is upper premium only. The gross 
margins al both the brands in Monte Carlo il is Tile higher and in Cloak & Decker itis Title 
Tower 100 basis point. 
Sure, 
iF you could tell us Tillle bil about your niche hat you're lrying lo doin terms oF X oF 
Monte Carlo which is primarily your winter wear segment, 
in the collon segment whal we are 
lrying to do to improve the realization or move up the chain in lerms of the presence? 
Colon realisation is even mare than the winler realizalions, al PBT level we are having more 
PBT 
al collon segment rather than in winter wear segment 
Page 11 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sandeep Jain: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kaser 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kasera: 
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘You mentioned thal we are irying lo increase the non-callon mix in favour of colton; you also 
mentioned thal you plan to have an expansion of Fooiprinl more into west and Southern region 
‘where iis more of catlon base, Das il mean thal going Forward 
as the share ofthis catlon keeps 
increasing overall EBITDA margin should increase in thal because you mentioned thal margins 
in collon are higher than wo 
[think the cation segments growing 
Faster than the woollen wear segment and winter segment 
‘being 
tropical county and the collon products are sold nine months ina year #9 definitely it has 
more growth rale as compared lo winler wear products. Going forward we think thal as 
‘overheads are also becoming Tess when we increase our turnover definitely it should help us in 
increasing our margins going Forward bul it also depends on the eoanomy and kind of discounts 
and EOSS sales of other brands, Bul we are very positive 
of sustaining our margins, especially 
Front margin of 18 19 20% of EBITDA. 
‘Thal is Fair sr, thal is something al least you are mainlain bul my sense was thal the type of 
growth we are lalking and the way we are lalking of increasing mix of callon, should be From 
two lo three-year perspective we aspire lo be in the range to move Io like 2210 249% from 18 to 
206% thal we are there today? 
Ucannol say al this moment thal we can increase our EBITDA lo 22 lo 249% bul we can say with 
confidence thal we will beable lo suslain our margins Fr the increase in EBITDA. 
‘What is the difference in margin belween this collon and non-cation iF you could tel us al Teast 
thal would help us model once how the share of cation moving will help in terms of he margins? 
‘AL PBT level I vould say thal is around 50 Lo 100 basis points more than the non-winler segment. 
Sure, secondly sir on the capilal allocation policy and how do we lock al became so From what | 
understand is primarily more of our branded and relail apparel company. now we announced this 
manufacturing unil. 
So, 
is 
it hat most of the manufacturing thal we plan Io allocate vould 
primarily be mainly based on the decision if we have il asa fora captive For example this new 
plant thal you mentioned 50% will be captive and rest will be bit noncaplive, how do we Took al 
in terms 
of allocation of your Funds for manufacturing would always be primarily driven by the 
Fact thal a large portion should be captive consumption or we may Took al independent 
manufacturing opportunities also where there isnot be any synergies with our relailing? 
IF Vhave clearly understood the queslion, you wanled fo ask that haw much we are daing caplive 
and how mush we are oulsourcing? 
No, my question is thal going Forward when you have lo allocale any large capes For any 
manufacturing plant will 
il be mainly for segmenis where we have a good porlion of caplive 
cconsumplion or is manufacluring also.an independent profilable, For example you may look al an 
‘opportunity where the IRR is good and we may have lo invest Rs.200 — Rs.300 Crores bul need 
Page 
12 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
  
Rishabh Oswalt 
Dinesh Gogna: 
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
nol have any caplive consumplion, we will aso avail dual opporlunily. So, how should we look 
al the company, 
is il thal il is more of a branded relail apparel company, orl isa manufacturing 
‘cum (rade apparel, how should we say? 
‘We will do captive only where we think thal there are some roadblocks for outsourcing Vike in 
sweaters, ilis a very complex process. Se, we arecomplelcly 100% caplive 
like in production bul 
in case of blankets again there are ballenecks From importing from China and lol of in the 
product and also the Freight and also sourcing from other. 
So, we are pulling up J&K Manket 
manufacturing plant. Bulas farasT-shirls, Shirls and Trousers are concermed 
ils nol thal margin 
accretive as we sce thal 
il is nol like in our cas, we are going lo pul up more of caplive 
production in case of shirts, trouser and T-shirls as the margins in these is not thal much a5 we 
compare lo blankels and the sweaters, So, we do nol see much capes coming up in T-shirts or in 
Shirts and trousers and Denims, bul F there is any demand for sweaters, we mighl do some capex 
in that 
‘Okay, majority of the manufacturing capacily primarily the main purpose would be for caplive 
consumption itis nol like for example some of heze players thal we have like Indo Count, oF we 
Fund which primarily doas example our home fetiles? 
‘To answer your queslion going Forward even iF we inveal in more capex we will be primarily 
Focusing For a caplive consumplion where we already have presence, like blankels we already 
have a presence and 50% oF the production will be consumed 
by our brand ilsIF. Going Forward 
we would prefer pulling up manufacturing For products where we already have our brand 
presence. 
Can I say something dear Friend, Tike #0 Far, my bath the colleagues they have said so. So Fa, the 
captive consumption is concerned we have lwo calegories, oe is colton and other is woollen. So, 
Far as woollen is concerned we have gol the manufacturing Faillies available with us, 
in ease 
there isan increase in demand of ihe woollen then in thal case the balancing machine and olher 
things we oll stock bul thal will nol be For captive consumplion that will be only to beal the 
demand of he markel and so ar the collon is concerned we are normally oulsourcing because 
thal is more profilaWe for us. Se, expansion in our area would be only as per the markel demand 
‘of our product 
is nol thal in-house consumption thal to increase our sales and other things il is 
nol something that product will be used For making any praduciion 
in our own house or 
something, 
Sure, and then Taslly sir on the payouls and the caplive allocation again, 
in thal case are we 
Tooking al further because | think we have Tol of cash and thal would mean that it has been not 
be 
more than Tike Rs.80~ Rs.100 Crore For a year. Would we Tock in lerms of Further increase in 
terms of relurn lo shareholders citer by dividend or buyback From whal we have been ding last 
Four-five years? 
Page 
13 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Moderator: 
Viraj Parekt: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Viraj Parekt: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Viraj Parekt: 
Moderator: 
‘Anil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
‘Anil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
‘Anil Jain: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
have already said same thing thal we are going for some capes Far the plant and definitely when 
‘board decides il can increase the diridends or il an go For buyback also in the Fulure to uilise 
The cash which available on the books. 
Okay. Thank you, 
‘Thank you, We Lake the nex! question From the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian, Please go 
ahead. 
Congratulations 
on a greal se of numbers. 
I just have one question on the growth 
Fronk; we have 
{grown as you said 170% on year-on-year basis and clox lo 88% on pre-Covid levels. 
So, last 
year on an annual basis we laken clog: lo 1B to 209% price hike and the markel had absorbed thal 
price hike and thal is sustainable margins. Could you provide me with the breakup For preCovid 
volume grovwih how much have we grown on preCorid levels on volume 
and how much has iL 
‘been on price hikes, 
iF you have thal number handy? 
17,68,000 pieces in quanlily which wedid in March 2022 and 
the lolal volume which did in pre- 
Corid level March 2019 
il was 47,60,000 in collon segmenl which has grovn lo 57.67 lakh in 
March 2022 Full year 
{AT ight and sir whal would be he number as.on Q] BY 2022 based on thal? 
‘The volume which we did last quarter was 740,000 and in this Financial year itis 11,43,000. 
{AT igh thank you sir, All the besl going ahead greal sel of numbers 
‘Thank you sir, We lake the next question From the Tine of Anil Jain from Equipassion Capital. 
Please go-ahead. 
‘Congratulations For the grealFirsl quarter in the company’s history, 
First time in the company’s 
history we are EBITDA positivein the First quarier. 
I wanted lo know From your past experience 
when you open a store how much lime i 
lakes to become EBITDA positive 
‘Toro to three years, 
‘And how much lime i lakes lo come al the company level EBITDA? 
You cannol compare the store level EBITDA with company level EBITDA because we normally 
have Franchisees who do the stores. In thal case we sex thal ROM is betwen 16 to 20% on their 
investment Bul in case of company ovned slores, we only open the store in an area where we 
dor" Find Franchise or where the renlals are very high, s0 itis more lo keep our brand presence 
and brandawareness lis nol for increasing the profits in those areas 
‘You mean {o sty il Lakes three years lo reach company level EBITDA approximately? 
Page 
14 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
‘Anil Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
‘Anil Jain: 
Moderator: 
Sakshi Somalia: 
Rishabh Oswalt 
Sakshi Somalia: 
Rishabh Oswalt 
  
Rishabh Oswalt 
Sakshi Somalia: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘There is no comparison in thal because mos! oF the slores are owned by the Franchisees, primarily 
‘we sell them oul righily, and the Franchisees do nol share their balance sheet with us that how 
such they are in profi 
‘Okay, we became EBITDA 
positive From First day whichis tha of Franchisee 
also? 
Yes, asFaras yousee our sales wise Fram our end. 
‘Okay, gal il. Thali all From my side 
‘Thank you sir. We lake the next question from the line of Sakshi Somalia from SE Associates 
Please go-ahead. 
Good morning and congratulations For your resull. 
| hare one small question, how 
is your 
sporlswear brand ‘Rockit’ performing. Can you throw some light on il? 
‘The brand Rockil was launched one year before the Covid season and once Covid hil we look a 
conscious decision fo make il online only. In the past lve years we sold il only online bul going 
Forward from nest Financial year we are building up a completely independent team For Rockit 
with the independent design team. independent markel, so we foresee from the next Financial 
year you will good numbers in Rockil 
When you are saying thal il was available only online so how il performed online and whal is 
your expeclation when you are going ahead with in the main marke. So, whal is your expecalion 
lotta? 
‘Online the response was good there were some Ferdbacks thal we got From the customers related 
to pricing and the discounting policies which we incorporated and now I think majorily of sales 
For this brand will be coming From offline channels which is much more profitable For us as well 
So, we have gol good learning from our online sales and now we are Focusing on implementing 
These changes in the oFine segment 
‘Okay and when you are pulling From online lo offline are we doing any major madificalion or 
win-win slralegy or designer something or sill you want to goin the same way? 
‘There will be almost a 360-degree change in terms of whal product we are making, the pricing 
slralegy and the packaging thal we are using lo promote il Also, 
in lerms of our advertisement 
affect lowards the brand, the exposure and expendilure lovvards the brand will increase as il goes 
‘ofMine, We are right nov in the process of making an independent distribution channel For this 
‘brand which is independent From the distribution channel of Monte Carlo or Cloak and Decker or 
cour exile segment. 
Okay, Thank you so much, 
Page 
15 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Moderator: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Riya: 
  
Moderator: 
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
‘Thank you madam. 
We lake the next follow-up queslion from the Tine Riya from Equilas 
Investments. Please 
go ahead, 
My question was in regards, lo whal percenlage oF our raw malerial do we import or oulsource? 
We don’t, much of our requirements a3 Far as woollen yarns 
is concerned, 
il 
is our sister 
company where we procure our woallen yarn and colton Fabrics are aclually available in India 
and we buy From various companies who make collon Fabrics and collon garments and then there 
are some blankels which oe import from China and there are some specially Fabrics which are 
nol available in India, we import From China and some olher countries. 
‘To whal percenlage would thal be? 
‘And 
I think in Blankets iis approximately around 15 lo 25% iF 1 ave the lolal lurnover of the 
Thome fexile segment and in case of jackels, approximalcly 30 lo 35% of he Fabrics comes From 
‘Okay, are we seeing any issues right nov with China shulling down or something? 
No, we are nol much dependent 
on the overseas Fabrics percenlage is very small bul there are 
some delays as China has sero Covid policy so some of the areas gol closed in Tasl lwo months 
bul now 
i 
is normal we do nol expect any delays as Far 
as our procuremenl is concerned. 
‘Okay, do we have any impact on the delay 
inthis quarier 
by any chance? 
No, 
i wil nol have any impact inthis quarter 
or going Forwardalsa 
‘Okay, and For the current BY2023 can you give us the breakup of ovhal kind of segmental do we 
sce from woollen and collon Tike the breakup if any? 
‘Wecan give you lasl year’s break-up. 
Uhave thelaat years break up; Iwas asking fr guidance actually? 
1 will be almos! same there might be some more collon garments added lo il otherwise 
i 
will 
remain almost same. 
‘Okay. Thal is 
il. Thank you. 
‘Thank you, madam. We lake the next queslion From the line oF Sachin Kasera from Svan 
Investments. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
You shared the volume number far collon segment FY2019 versus PY2022, can also share he 
same on woollen segmen!? 
Page 
16 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kasera: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Sachin Kasera: 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
  
  
  
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Wis alma! slable price, x9 Ido nol see any procession in the prices and as ar as our margins are 
concerned, we willbe sustaining cur margins for lasl year also in woollen cloths 
No, my question isthe rclume in the wosllen segment For PY 2022 versus PY2019? 
Wavas Rs.13 lakhs in case oF PY2019 
and il was 15 Lakhs in case of March 2022 las 
year. 
Sure, sir next is iF I see your presenlalion the share oF kids and home Lexile 
has graven From 15% 
lo-almost 23-249 inthe asl three years. Can you tell us whats the reason for this sharp increase 
in share of kids and home lesiles why are they growing #0 Fasl, 
is here any special Focus you are 
pulling there? 
‘There is less competion on lexlle segment which is helping ito grow more than the complete 
‘growth rae, last year we grew al 50%, this year we anticipate 
a growh of around 30 to 35% 
‘because of less competion in this segment. Home lexlile segment is growing faster than the 
other segments 
and similarly in the kids. s known many brands are present in the kids segment 
thal is why itis having competition From other brands and the grovih is Faster thal compared to 
The overall brand thal is why the share has increased, 
‘And the margin in home and kids is thal with company 
or whether i is higher 
or lower? 
Kids margins are lesser 
as compared lo paren! brands because in kids and garments we do nal gel 
Thal much price as you gel in men’s and women’s wardrcbe and in case of home leslie segment 
also the marginsare lesser than the parenl brand Monte Carlo, 
Sure, and can give some sense on markel share ends For our brand lo sce as how markel share 
has moved, iF you have any dala on thal? 
We don’t have an exact dala because il is an unorganised markel bul we sex thal in premium 
section 
in Monte Carlo in swealers, 
we contra approximately more than 50% share in the 
premium segment as we don’t see olher brands which are competing with usin thal price range 
‘bl iis very difficult estimate the exact markel share of our brand in apparel seclion because 
nol most of the companies ae Tised and there isa lol of unorganized players which are available 
s0 very different lo quantify the exact markel share of Monte Carlo, 
Sure. Thark you, 
‘Thank you. We lake the nest queslion From the Tine oF Deepak Mehla an individual Investor 
Please go-ahead. 
‘Thanks forthe epporlunily and greal sel of numbers. Sir, 
U want to ask aboul the breakup of right 
now additionally Monte Carlo is known For the woollen wears or righ! now whal is the mix oF 
wollen, T-shil, and non-wacllen 
kind ofthis? 
Page 
17 of 19

MONTE CARLO ZX 
Its the way you make me fee! 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Metta: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Metta: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Metta: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Met 
  
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Metta: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Deepak Metta: 
Sandeep Jain: 
  
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Ucan share the las year's Figure.in thal case the sweater contribution was Rs.151 Crore and the 
colton coniribulion including jackels and olher garments were around Rs.489 Crore and in case 
Of textile il a5 R5.127 Crore and in cast of kids collon were Rs 58.39 Crore and kids woollen 
were Rs.11.64 Crore total Rs.70-Crove 
‘Okay, right now what is your Focus area? 
‘We want thal we should grow al 20 to 25% in this Financial year and going Forwarding in all 
segments, We are on the right lrack lo achieve this growth rate going Forward also. 
‘And whal is your expectation For three lo Five years in terms of revenue and margin? 
‘Again, we say thal the company is basically Focusing on year-by-year and this year we have 
projected a growth of 20 lo 259% and going Forward the company is mainlaining the same siralegy 
oF growing al these kinds oF growth rates. 
‘Okay. Thank you so much, whal is your expectation on margins? 
‘Could 
be able lo suslain our margins, oF lasl year margins. 
‘And I think the inflaions nove Tike high colton prices and all the inpul cost is behind us, we can 
assume hal righl sir? 
‘Yes, collon prices have come down Fram ils peak bul ail iis 10 to 15% higher as compared to 
last summer prices bul we expect thal these prices should remain slable 
or 
il might come down a 
Few percenlages, bul very difficull to say unless and unlil we sce neal Lio months aboul the 
callon crap and demand of callon yarn, 
‘One last question sir, do we have the break-up of online and rela sles Tike right now whal is (he 
sales contribution o otal sales? 
Last year contributed lo around 7% as com pared lo the Iolal overall revenue 
oF the company and 
sing Forward we ill mainlain ths kind of share inthe online sales 
‘Okay, by lal year you mean BY2022, right March 31#, 20222 
Financial 2023 
‘Thank you so much sir, You guys are doing greal jab and beal wishes. 
‘Thank you very much, Ladies 
and gentlemen thal was the las! question far the day, 
| now hand 
The conference over Io the management For closing comments. Thank you and over lo you sie! 
Page 
18 of 19

MONTE CARLO an 
It’s the way you make me fee 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Thank you very much for all the participants and if there is any question which remains un- 
answered 
or 
if there 
is 
query which you 
want 
to 
have 
you 
can 
definitely 
mail 
us 
at 
investos @montecalrocorporate.com or Dickenson World our Investment Advisors. Thank you 
  
very much. 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this conference call. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect lines. 
Page 19 of 19
