 
August 10, 2022  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
 
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
 
This is further to our letter dated August 1, 2022, intimating the details of Investor/Analyst call 
on the audited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call hosted on August 
4, 2022.  The same is available in the Company’s website: 
https://redingtongroup.com/india/financials-and-reports/  
 
We request you to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Very Truly Yours, 
 
 
 
 
M. Muthukumarasamy  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MUTHUKUM
ARASAMY 
MUTHUKRIS
HNAN
Digitally signed by 
MUTHUKUMARASA
MY 
MUTHUKRISHNAN 
Date: 2022.08.10 
16:38:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Redington (India) Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In 
case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 4th August 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV SRIVASTAVA – MANAGING DIRECTOR - REDINGTON (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. S. V. KRISHNAN – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - REDINGTON 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to Redington 
(India) Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Srivastava, 
Managing Director, Redington (India) Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Sir! 
Rajiv Srivastava: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our call for quarter one. 
You would have seen our numbers that were disseminated 
yesterday, and we are pleased to report another strong quarter of 
sales and operating margin growth. Redington achieved record 
revenue and operating margin for any first quarter of the year. As 
our continued investments in technology capabilities, partner 
relationships and our comprehensive breadth of offering begins to 
pay off. You would have seen that on a global basis our revenues 

 
have grown by 25% this is on net accounting basis, on gross it will 
be 27%. While EBITDA has grown 34% and PAT has grown 33% this 
actually points to the fact that continuing demand or growing 
demand for supply chain orchestration is driving strong financial 
performance across our global business. We know that tech 
adoption has been at an accelerated pace across pretty much every 
segment of the market that you can come across though there was 
a softening of consumer demand this quarter but apart from that 
across enterprises, across MSMEs, mid market and government 
education tech demand has been fairly robust and we continue to 
anticipate a reasonable demand environment and expect to sustain 
strong revenues and margins from our recently implemented 
operating improvements amidst the backdrop of geopolitical and 
financial uncertainty.  
We know that shift to digital has been strong and continuing in fact 
I had said this in the last call that shift to digital as a matter either a 
growth shift or a survival paradigm for most companies right now 
including government and they improved efficiency, they improved 
productivity and they allow you to do much more in your 
businesses. So, that is something which is playing out in a very good 
way, and we are trying to leverage to our advantage as much as we 
possibly can. Also, the fact that the economic environment in the 
geographies that we operate in has been fairly all right even though 
the global GDP growth or the global growth was guided down by 
IMF between last quarter and this quarter the growth was guided 
down from 4.1 to 2.9 but still in the economies and the geographies 
we are operating in every country has seen or has been guided a 

 
very positive GDP growth for the rest of the year. But in that plays 
to our advantage also the fact that in most of the countries that we 
are operating in the demand is led by investments by governments, 
investments by organizations in those countries and also a huge 
amount of consumption that is taking place in these countries, I 
think both of those are playing to our advantage right now and that 
is helping and   supporting us. Just to let you know our growth has 
been fairly broad based this time, all the regions that we operate in 
India, Middle East, Africa, Turkey, and South Asia every region has 
pretty much played out in a good way, every region has contributed 
to the growth. Also, every region has contributed to and every 
product category we have had a broad-based growth by region and 
we had a broad-based growth by categories of products which is 
IT, whether it is volume or value, mobility, and our services portfolio. 
So, all of that has turned out to be extremely reasonable in this 
quarter, let me step back and stop over here you have seen the 
results and I am opening up to any questions or any comments that 
any of you might have. I have also got my Global Chief Financial 
Officer, S.V.Krishnan on the call with me and our Financial Analyst 
Deepika on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Nitin 
Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Good morning. Congratulations on the strong 
quarter. I have a quite a few questions while I will just ask two and 
come back in the queue. The first is, Redington has always 

 
prioritized risk over growth and if you just look at the landscape 
over the next few quarters from your lens, do you think that growth 
plumbs risk at this point in time and is there any change in 
philosophy in terms of how you mange risks, that was the first 
question.  
The second question is on obviously the working capital which has 
gone up if you could give us some break down on receivables, 
inventory, payables and what led to such a quick shift in working 
capital days. The broad assumption was that it will be a little gradual 
but it’s been quite quick, just wanted to understand the context 
there as well. Thank you. 
Rajiv Srivastava: Let me give you a color to both the question and I am going to be 
also requesting our Global CFO, Krishnan to chip in after I have 
done that.  
 
To the question about risk over growth or growth trunks risk, I think 
it is always going to be a very balanced sort of portfolio for us. We 
are a company which is very focused on what is going on in the 
market in every single geography, every single country we operate 
in we have to always assess the opportunity landscape and what it 
takes to get to that opportunity landscape and balance the two out. 
We are never going to be reckless because that is what has given 
us growth over the last so many, many years and we are going to 
be very outside in and maximize the context of the market 
opportunities that are coming in. Just to give you one example of 
that Nitin, and like I said it is a great question because it really plays 

 
to the way in which we operate as an organization. In the last 
quarter we started to see a shift from the work from home and learn 
from home started to reduce whereas the consumption in the 
offices small and medium enterprises, enterprises, large customers, 
government education, schools and universities all started to grow 
up and we had to shift a model and pivot a model to make sure we 
capitalize on that, now that is no risk strategy but it is a maximizing 
the market opportunity from a growth perspective. So, we are 
always going to be balanced. There are countries right now in our 
portfolio which happen to have a higher risk profile Nigeria, Kenya, 
Ghana, Egypt all of them and we are making choices to make sure 
that we stay in the right direction there ok, so, it is that from a risk 
versus growth perspective, we are very balanced but we are very, 
very focused on maximizing the market opportunities in a vey good 
way.  
The second is working capital has gone up, really it has gone up if 
you recall in the last conference that we had same time a quarter 
ago, we had guided that our working capital will stick in the range 
of 28 to 35 and right there it is and is sticking at the early part of 
that curve. We know that the global market right now, whether they 
are financial markets, geopolitical economic landscape all of those 
are little disrupted right now. We do see that interest rates are 
hardening up, we see inflations going up, we see commodity prices 
are really high, we see supply chain is disrupted all of these will 
contribute and then there are many equipments which are not 
getting supplied in time, so your supply and delivery for project 
orders is going to get hampered or going to get constrained a bit 

 
so, the integration is going to become challenging. Given all of that, 
we understood that the working capital will go up, it will normalize 
somewhere and the way we have guided it stays exactly right at the 
early part of that curve right now. We are pleased that we have 
seized as a situation and that is the way it is playing out exactly the 
way we have said.  
S V Krishnan: 
As you know the net working capital by the end of the quarter it 
was about 28 days split into debtor days of about 52 days, inventory 
days of about 32 days and creditor days of about 56 days. I want to 
ascribe one important reason as to why there is spike in working 
capital as Rajiv alluded to you. In the enterprise space what we see 
is there are short shipments and since there are short shipments 
and the balance shipments are taking time because of the general 
shortages that we see in the industry. We had to store, we stocked 
and could not bill that has enabled us to increase our inventory 
days, so this is something which very unique. We will continue for 
some time till the shortage situation goes away but there is no 
concern at all on this scenario and also as the enterprise 
performance, the IT value performance has been better as you 
know very well this also tends to increase the debtor days and at 
the same time we will also get higher creditor which can cushion a 
bit in terms of increase in debtor days. As Rajiv said we are well 
within that range and we do not see any concern in this. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, that is helpful and any change in provisions for the 
quarter? That is all from my end. 

 
S V Krishnan: 
Okay. So the provisions for the reasons that I had stated had gone 
up in the case of inventory, inventory provision for the quarter has 
been at about 0.55% which is mainly because of some of these part 
shipments that had come in where we had to provide for it, we had 
an option of changing the inventory provision model because we 
do not think these will be taken as a hit but we thought it could be 
prudent not to make a change and we had gone ahead, so that has 
increased the provision percentage for this quarter which once the 
product gets sold it will get reversed. In the case of receivables, the 
provision percentage for this quarter has been 18 bps 0.18% that is 
also slightly higher. I want to mention two important points here, 
one in the case of India, in Q4 there was a provision that we had 
created last quarter and we knew the money will come but it is 
going to take time, a substantial portion of the money has been 
received in the current quarter and the provision got reversed. 
There is a similar transaction in our overseas business where while 
we are still confident in terms of collecting because of the aging 
that we should provide for it and that provision has added on to it 
so that the overall provision is about 18 bps Nitin.   
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My first question is regarding the growth we were 
anticipating some sort of slowing down growth in India mobility 

 
segment but if I look at that is the one which has driven the growth 
in this quarter, so what has led to that because I was thinking that 
we had this change in GTM which should slow the growth and your 
commentary also suggests that enterprise has driven the growth 
but the numbers suggest that India mobility is driving the growth, 
that is my first question.  
second question is on the sustainability on margin, if I look at the 
margin profile, margins are significantly higher considering there 
has been 18 basis point provision, what will be the sustainable level 
of margin given most of the cost are now normalized or are there 
one off cost which you want to call off because our last interaction 
suggested that you might be looking at investing more in creating 
capability and that is why we were expecting the margins to go 
down and lastly working capital trajectory if you can comment on 
that? That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Rajiv Srivastava: Okay, many questions, I think we covered the working capital, but 
we can give you more color to that. Let me give you a sense as to 
growth and is the growth driven by Indian mobility or driven by 
many other things.  Growth is driven by mobility overall, clearly 
there is a mobility which has grown faster than any other part of 
the business but our value part of the business has grown 30% 
which is a very, very, very significant in serious growth, a value 
business is generally do not see such a huge amount of growth 
because that is a much more stable sort of product line and 
category but our value part of the business has grown significantly. 
Then our cloud has grown even faster than that, our cloud has 

 
grown 48% and it is equivalent to our mobility growth. I think that 
question that came up last time in the call and many of you had 
asked that question about the impact of Apple GTM and how is 
going to impact the revenues of Redington and all that. If you 
would recall, we had answered that question it wasn’t Apple alone, 
it was Apple and Dell and Lenovo and Acer and everybody makes 
changes to the GTM and it is only fair I told you that it is only fair 
for them to make changes to the GTM to suit the model that they 
have and we as Redington have to do a variety of different things 
and make sure that we continue on our course of growth and there 
are many elements and your question there are many elements that 
allow us to stay on the track of growth and also stay on the track of 
profitability. Sustainability of margins is one of a cause we are 
making investments, we made investments into our many areas of 
technology, people, platform, last couple of quarters we have been 
making and we will continue to accelerate those investments 
because those are fundamental to our business and what we are 
doing in that space is we are making investments in technology that 
allows us to become more productive and more efficient very 
straight-line sort of an equation.  
We are making investments in shifting our business model from our 
pure play brick and mortar to a more online or a customer choice 
model which is an omni channel model. We have made a shift 
towards the cloud platform, we have got a very strong cloud 
platform where more than 11000 partners are transacting every 
month now and that is a very, very strong mode of working. All of 
those are models which allow you to do more with much more 

 
optimized operations. In the last quarter we have set up a shared 
services which has consolidated the operations of Redington the 
entire country to enable us to become far more efficient and we 
generate more than three lakh invoices every quarter, we process 
more than 3 lakh orders every quarter and all of them is getting 
done now out of my one single shared services center at the back 
end and how cool and efficient can that be. They are many, many, 
many such initiatives that enable you to become far more 
optimized and efficient in your business than otherwise.  
So, that is the way we see our trajectory that is the reason of growth 
because the value has gone very significantly, because cloud has 
grown significantly, because all our tech investments and efficiency 
investments happen to be continuously scaling up and growing up. 
To give you a sense on whether they are sustainable or they are one 
off kind of a profit margin and all that. We are cranking ourselves 
to be very, very efficient, and very maniacal focus on our cost and 
we are also cranking ourselves to become more efficient, but we 
also have view to where the world is headed right now. We know 
for sure that the global supply chain, the global financial markets 
everything is disrupted. So, providing a guidance to you for the 
long run is going to be a very difficult task asked to do, we did 
extremely well in Q1, we have a good hold on where our Q2 is 
headed and that is all that we can be as prudent business players 
in the market for a long time and as any reasonable business you 
would expect us to be very, very strongly and maniacally focused 
on delivering short run in a very healthy way and having every 

 
single arrow in our armor to make sure that we have covered 
ourselves for the mid to long run.  
So, I think those are the ways in which we are trying to think of our 
business everything has to be in a good sustainable way. You will 
continue to see us make more investments and not less and your 
question about working capital having gone up, we answered that 
Krishnan, do you want to add anything more to that, please. 
S V Krishnan: 
I think it was answered clearly, in working capital I just want to make 
all of you know we are at it there is no need for concern and if there 
are any business related situation we will handle in the best possible 
manner, we will not leave any stone unturned as far as the efficiency 
is concerned and to the point on cost Pranav, what I want you to 
know in spite of the additional cost that we are incurring towards 
the capability building, till if you see the increase in cost is well 
within control, in a way of speaking what we had done in Q1 is the 
bookish performance, revenue has grown strongly, gross margin 
has grown even at a better pace the opex growth has been lower 
than both revenue and gross margin resulting in the operating 
profit being better. 
Rajiv Srivastava: And also to your point the current environment will not allow you 
to make a very long-term prediction from that perspective. So, our 
range of working capital stays in that of 25 to 35 days. 
Pranav Kshatriya: Thank you so much for all the answers. I will come back in the 
queue. Wish all the very best. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Athreya from I-
Thought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Athreya: 
Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just want to 
know as to whether the mobility segment grew year-on year in the 
rest of world market or how is the performance there has been, that 
is my first question?  
Rajiv Srivastava: Mobility grew in the rest of the world as well; mobility has grown 
by 24% in the rest of the market. 
Athreya: 
Sure sir, thank you. And in the past few quarters we had 
incorporated new subsidiaries in Bahrain, Jordan etc. etc. So, what 
is the medium-term perspective, how are we trying to grow in new 
geographies, and can you just talk about the new products, the 
solar products, and our AWS partnership as well?  
Rajiv Srivastava: Okay, again as been thanks so much and that is a great question 
pointing towards how are thinking about our business and clearly 
our business has two or three dimensions of growth. One is in a 
distribution business you add more products, you will surely grow 
or you add more geographies you will grow or give combinations 
of two in any geography you will grow. In countries like Jordan, 
Bahrain there are requirements that we must set up our business 
expansions there and we are setting up our business expansions, 
you are absolutely right, Jordan is a subsidiary that we are looking 
at and there will be a few more countries where we will try and go 
to expand our reach and coverage. We understand the game well, 
we know how to set up a distribution business in any of these 

 
countries and we are using technology enablement to make sure 
that we can accelerate our penetration into these countries. The 
products are similar, the products are the products that you get a 
contract for from any other brands, so we try and do value, we try 
and do volume, we do an IT and mobility products in any of these 
countries for whichever products we start with getting a contract 
from a brand from a vendor and we start to penetrate in that 
market. So, that is the philosophy, that is the growth paradigm right 
now, we are in the country that we are in, but we are looking to 
make sure that we can expand our coverage in a lot of these other 
countries. 
Athreya: 
Sure. Sir. Thank you so much. And if it is possible for you to give 
some more color on the how our cloud business is working and is 
shaping up and our partnership with AWS as well? 
Rajiv Srivastava: Yes I am going to give you that, you had asked the question AWS 
and I was going to cover that and solar as well. Let me cover solar 
and then I will cover cloud, is that okay? 
Athreya: 
Yes, sir sure thank you. 
Rajiv Srivastava: Okay, now solar is a very strong business now, you know that 
globally there is a strong pitch towards sustainable energy, very 
strong pitch towards green energy and India has made some 
significant commitments to world forum on sustainability of trying 
to make sure that 50% of the energy generated is green energy by 
2030. So, I think that is a very, very strong commitment India has 
made, that pitches solar to be of very, very strong deployment, 

 
implementation and all the solar projects have to be done at a very, 
very fast pace. Because of that our solar business grew more than 
400% last year and, in this quarter, Q1 it has grown about close to 
190% solar business in Q1. We do lots of activities in solar, we do 
classic distribution of the solar panels, inverters and all the products 
that is going to the making of a solar plant. But we also have bit of 
advisory services over there, so we are extremely differentiated, we 
are unique in this space because we are the only organized 
distribution partner which also does consultancy and advisory 
services for whole range partners who set up small and big solar 
plants. So, that is one thing which is paying out, hopefully we can 
expand this business as we go forward because the geographies, 
we play in are literally the sunshine capital of the world. There is 
huge amount of potential possibility which exists there in the solar 
business. 
 
You have point about cloud, now cloud has been a very good story 
for us in Q1. In Q1 our cloud business across all the geographies, 
countries we operate in has grown by 48% and that is a very strong 
story, our managed services on cloud have grown by 62% and those 
are both very good outcomes. We have struck a partnership with 
AWS for all the regions we operate in, India, Middle East and Africa, 
they have got very strategic play our partnership with AWS and also 
with Google and Microsoft to resell their products but also scale up 
in trying to add competency and those competencies then allow us 
to do a lot more with our customers and partners. We move far 
more engage and enrich with our customers and partners, so this 
is a strategic collaboration agreement called SCA (Strategic 

 
Collaboration Agreement) with Amazon Internet Services Private 
Limited, which allows us to offer the range of products, 
management platforms and services to our customers and partners 
it enables us to become far more capable because we have 
technical capabilities for ourselves to deliver these products and 
services to our partners. We feel very good about the fact that the 
world is headed in the direction of cloud and so are we. 
Atrya: 
Sure sir. Thank you so much and all the best. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Mehta from 
Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Krish Mehta: 
Hi! Congratulations on a good quarter and thank you for taking my 
questions. The first question I have is the follow up on the cloud 
business, if you could provide the margins for the cloud and cloud 
managed services for the quarter? 
Rajiv Srivastava: The cloud product re-sale comes at a similar margin ratio it does 
not really give you a very, very huge, differentiated margins, it will 
be in the range of 5-7-8% depending upon which product of cloud 
you are selling and which brands of cloud you are selling and to 
which customer or which segment of the market that goes in the 
range of 5 to 8-9% and not more than that at a cloud product level. 
The services are different ball game altogether Krish, and services 
stretches from a very rudimentary fundamental entry level 
infrastructure services of provisioning which will give you a margin 
of 10 to 15% but if you scale up the services to the level of migration 
and platform in software as a service, then you start to get in the 

 
game of 25-28-30-35-40%. Depending upon the complexity of 
services and we are building our capabilities to do the entire range 
of services right now we maybe a less on the more complex services 
and a lot more on the entry level services but we built capabilities 
now to deliver and deploy the more complex services of migration 
nature which will give us much, much higher margins. 
 S V Krishnan: 
And just to add on to what Rajiv said, from working capital 
perspective either no requirement of working capital, so both the 
businesses re-sell and the services portion in terms of ROCE will be 
quite attractive.  
Krish Mehta: 
Okay, thanks. My other question was on the net debt and cash 
balance if you could provide that for Q1?  
Rajiv Srivastava: Can you repeat I missed your question Please. 
Krish Mehta: 
Could you provide the net debt and cash balance for the quarter? 
Rajiv Srivastava: The net debt figure end of Q1 is about Rs.744 Crores which is 
roughly about 0.1 times of negative net debt and the cash balance 
is about Rs.1100 – Rs.1200 Crores. 
Krish Mehta: 
Okay, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim Bharde DAM 
Capital Advisors Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Good morning. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, can you talk 
about what should be a sustainable EBITDA margins for the 
consolidated Redington group going forward, would it hover at 

 
level just shy of 3% maybe a little higher the year after and what 
would keep margins at these levels, would it be more on the 
enterprise sales bit which bring its own working capital and higher 
interest cost or would it be more services oriented? 
Rajiv Srivastava: What did you mean by the second part of the question, first part 
was what will be the sustainable EBITDA margins and the second 
part of the question? 
Aasim Bharde: 
And what would drive it basically, will it be more enterprise 
hardware based that would keep it higher or services also because 
services today is still just 1% of revenue?  
Rajiv Srivastava: Okay, all right. Good one, we had mentioned in the earlier part of 
the call that guiding or projecting EBITDA or any profit profile for 
the long run right now is going to build just the way the global 
market situation is evolving now, just the way the current operating 
environment for us this, so we are not going to be projecting you 
but right now just so you  know that the way we are trying to 
balance out our operational efficiencies, cost and our product 
portfolio is helping us to stay in the range that we are in right now 
and Q2 seems to be on a good track so far. That is so much from 
our sustainability of long-term you got to be talking about how you 
guide long-term.  
The second is the driver for the margin, and they are still think that 
drive a margin, one clearly is what is said is services versus non-
services but you are right services are very small portion of what we 
do today it is about 1% of the overall revenue that we do so it is 

 
always going to be a small portion, but a large part of a margin is 
the mix of this, if our mix shifts from volume products to value and 
you saw in this quarter a volume growth 14% but value growth 30%. 
If value continues to grow faster than value inherently provides you 
a better margin profile that is one. Second is if a cloud business is 
going to be as good and as steady as it is happening right now it 
will help us to continue to improve margins that is there.  
The third is if our ProConnect and logistics business scales up it will 
continue to help us bring more margins. Our solar business 
inherently comes at a much higher gross margin than the other 
parts of the business, so I think margin is a play of geography and 
a combination of mix of products that you end up doing and we 
are always trying to do whatever we can to manage the mix and the 
geo play to get to the margin requirements that we have in the 
company, so that is how we are trying to balance out. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay. Just a follow up, how long do you anticipate the enterprise 
cycle to last from today? 
Rajiv Srivastava: This is like you asking me to crystal gaze, but I will and let me give 
you a sense of the crystal gazing on this. My sense is there is such 
a lot of adoption of technology and such a lot of digital 
transformation that is taking place across pretty much every sector 
of the business right now. Governments are investing and they 
know that if they had not invested during the covid times, countries 
would have shut down, companies are investing because if they had 
not done that they would not have survived the two years of covid 

 
down time and so people have got to a point where business and 
technology have almost become inseparable, earlier there used to 
be a time when GDP and technology growths were kind of 
intertwined and linked together but now we are at a point where 
digital growth has been de linked from GDP growth and companies 
are using technology to either stabilize their operations or grow 
faster, get it a new product categories, do innovations, launch new 
territories and geography, so it has become pretty much absolutely 
the most crucial thing for businesses to survive. If you take a look 
at adoption across the world at a cloud and we know that 
companies like Amazon, Google, and Microsoft in the cloud 
domain, they are growing about 35-36% year-on-year at that level 
of high revenues $ 50 - $ 60 billion they continue to grow at about 
30-35%, so the cloud adoption is fueling the growth for lots and 
lots of technology providers. Cloud adoption across the world so 
far is sub 20%, global cloud adoption is about 15 to 18% of the 
workflow is put on cloud and I see the technology buying cycle of 
the enterprise, customer variety and the mid-market SMB variety 
continuing in the future for a much longer time, this cycle is here to 
stay for a bit. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay, thanks for the detailed answer. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from 
Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you for the opportunity and a very good set of numbers, 
congratulations for that. Sir, two set of questions, one is on the 

 
working capital, if I look at the past trend our net working capital 
typically builds up in Q1 and then kind of tapers down by the end 
of the year, is that phenomena will likely to play out this year or do 
you see that it will be  stabilized as you mentioned in your opening 
remark that we are still at a fringe of our guidance of 28 to 35 days, 
that is one and second on the bidding SISA group, I see that our 
South and South Asian market is trending towards loss, just want 
to clarify whether the net profit or profitability of that region has 
kind of impacted during this quarter and what is the outlook there 
given the geopolitical issues in Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and in regions 
we are in, if you can provide that? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
On working capital front, yes I agree with you in Q1 normally it will 
be higher not because of any other factor it is mainly on account of 
revenue being soft in Q1 but you would have seen in this quarter 
revenue has been quite strong. But having said that the main reason 
for the spike in the working capital as I said is on account of the 
part shipments that we are received in the IT value space which we 
think in about one or two quarters once the situation gets 
normalized this will also get normalized, so it is not just a normal 
Q1 phenomena on added to that is this point also.  
With respect to SISA, SSA has been de-growing we have spoken 
about it in the past, mainly because of the movement of the vendor 
model from offshore to onshore as far as the India part of the 
business which was a significant part of the SSA business in the past. 
That movement has enabled us to rethink even our own structure 
in terms of is this should be monitored centrally out of India and 

 
we looked at as one unit as SISA that is how we have gone ahead 
with this structure, so what you will see overall now since it is an 
integrated unit we can look at the growth in this form but more 
specifically to Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, yes Sri Lanka is impacted 
a lot but our business in Sri Lanka is not quite significant and we 
are now playing a very safe game where our risks are covered is 
where we are participating otherwise it is not. However, Bangladesh 
and few other markets we think is looking very attractive and there 
are big opportunities, and we would want to do a deep dive in that 
space but I would want Rajiv also to add some points. 
Rajiv Srivastava: I think you have answered a lot.  See our presence in South Asian 
market is only two or three countries, we just do Bangladesh, we do 
Sri Lanka and do a bit of Nepal as well and that is obviously Sri 
Lanka is a cautious approach right now go slow but Bangladesh is 
not challenged, I do not know from where your hear that 
Bangladesh is in a difficult situation, Bangladesh they are obviously 
coming up with policy regulations and framework as they grow but 
it is a very happening market and we are expanding our operations 
and expanding our play in Bangladesh , we try to do many, many 
different things on products, solutions, services, logistics and 
setting up in Bangladesh entity for ourselves so that we can really 
mine the market, as the market starts to grow, it is in a very, very 
good situation. I have travelled to Bangladesh a few times and they 
are really looking very positive right now. Right now, we play in 
these countries, but they are obviously going to be potential to play 
for us, in the other, little more mature economies of Singapore, 
Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam, Myanmar those kinds of 

 
countries, so I think it is a huge potential that exists and we got to 
exploit that. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sure, and just a bit on Turkey, given the currency de-valuation 
happened with the past two years and we have still been able to 
manage both on the revenue growth as well profitability obviously 
revenue growth on rupee terms will look much better but the 
profitability is one aspect if you can provide more color to it how 
we are managing the situation there and what is the way forward 
there ? 
Rajiv Srivastava: I was in turkey last week, I spent about 10 days in Turkey and Turkey 
is a very, very curious state, it is a great country, great people, great 
commerce, good population, and thus technologically very enabled 
country and so businesses and governments over there continue to 
use technology very efficiently and that contributes to our growth 
that is how we have been going. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sure, sir. I will join back in the queue. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajeev Agrawal 
from Doordarshi India Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev Agrawal: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is, I think there has 
been concerned about whether your margins, the gross margins, 
EBITDA margins that we have had in financial year 2022 will be 
sustainable. Based on the commentary so far it seems to me that 
you are saying not only those margin structure and that we will 
even be able to expand on it. Am I understanding this correctly?   

 
Rajiv Srivastava: I do not think we have said we are expanding on it or we are 
maintaining. What, we said that we are taking it in the near-term on 
a real near-term basis because providing guidance in the long run 
will be a little challenging given the global operating environment 
right now, so we are not going to guide from a long-term 
perspective. What we are suggesting to you and what are saying is 
we are maniacally focused on ensuring that every part of a business 
is optimized to the core to the hilt to ensure that we can continue 
to have the visibility of margins the way we have delivered in the 
past. So, we can only grow and the reason I am choosing this is 
because of the operating environment and so we can buy it  in 
terms of small time frame and we exactly said the same thing in Q1 
as well and we deliver a very robust Q1, we are saying exactly the 
same thing in Q2 and so far Q2 is trending alright right now, like I 
said the continuing growing demand for supply chain orchestration 
we continue to anticipate a reasonable demand environment in Q2 
as well and we will take it quarter-by-quarter Rajeev, really that is 
the way our approach is right now. While from a fundamental 
building the company perspective, capability creation, we are long-
term focused obviously and I gave you many examples of long-
term focus on people, processes, technology, platform play all of 
that, that we are trying to do our business model orchestration that 
we are trying to do. On the operational intensity we are very, very, 
very here in our focus to make sure that we deliver the right results. 
. 
Rajeev Agrawal: Right, and the question was really coming because you are getting 
into new markets and into new areas which are seemed to be higher 

 
margin as in your cloud and we are talking about solar and how are 
possibly consulting there is a much higher margin maybe if you can 
elaborate on a few such areas which you are very bullish about and 
which may have better margin potential? 
Rajiv Srivastava: I think the way we have split our business; Rajeev is across three 
dimensions; one dimension is focus on the core what we do well we 
must continue to orchestrate and do well and that is our bread and 
butter that is our more than 95% of our revenue. We got our 
business across three distinct types, one is always focused on the 
core, and core is about 97-98% of our business we have got to make 
sure that the core continues to run as efficiently as possible that is 
one.  
Second is we expand that going to new geographies to the 
question earlier which came in from Jordan and other places, we 
expand geographies, we expand product categories in those areas 
and the third is our foray into new product categories of the nature 
of that you are talking about cloud, of the nature that you are 
talking about logistics and services and supply chain and of the 
nature that you are talking about from a cloud perspective. Those 
are small businesses right now and as we scale you will see that it 
will provide me a hedge around any down side to the business or 
there is no down side to any other on the core business it will 
provide me a lift in our margins. That is the way we are trying to 
play ourselves. We are orchestrating our portfolio to become more 
balanced, there are some parts of the business we will deliver much 
higher margins, some parts will be okay average as it goes, but 

 
overall we hope to become a much better, much more rounded sort 
of  an organization as we go forward. So, that is how we are trying 
to think of ourselves across those three dimensions of product and 
portfolio play. 
Rajeev Agrawal: Great. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Dam from 
Old Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Dam: 
Just one question Rajiv, we possibly ended FY22 with around 
Rs.1600 Crores of cloud revenues and keep growing at 45 to 50%, 
so if that continues should we be a Rs.5000 Crore cloud business 
by FY25, is there any reason that should not happen.  
Rajiv Srivastava: If you play it well there is every reason that we can get to those 
kinds of numbers in the timeframe you are talking about or a year 
up and down.  
Sanjay Dam: 
And Rajiv, the other question is that when you talked about the 
margins in the cloud business and the services part as well, services 
very small I understand, basically cloud at the base starts at 5% kind 
of EBITDA margin and then according to the kind of complexity it 
goes up to 7-8% and SaaS is about 25 to 40% range. So, basically 
the EBITDA margin of this business of a Rs.5000 Crores cloud 
business whenever it is one year up and down broadly should be 
the high single digit, would that be a good understanding? 
Rajiv Srivastava: We will have to do the mix, when do a Rs.5000 Crores cloud 
business and you do a 10% of Rs.500 Crores of that as your services 

 
business and the services comes at 25%, cloud business comes 
anywhere between 5 to 9%, we will model that and we can let you 
know what the numbers look like and I am sure you can do it 
yourself as well. But look, directionally you hit the nail on the head, 
Sanjay that makes lot of sense. If the cloud business is the one 
which is growing across the world and we are pivoting our company 
on to a very strong cloud sort of portfolio. I think that is the way we 
will get to, your timelines maybe a bit up and down but we are 
focusing ourselves to make sure that we have very strong portfolio 
on cloud across a variety of alliance types and these global alliances 
are hyper scalers of the nature of Microsoft, Google and Amazon 
and then there are many other companies which have cloud 
products, which have platform products like service, like 
servicenow, like Adobe, like sales force and then they are players of 
the nature of Oracle and IBM which is Red Hat and many other 
companies of that nature which are SAP which are providing 
themselves to cloud and we are very well aligned with each one of 
them, we understand the game is changed. The game we can play 
at the partner or we can play at a product level but the game is 
dramatically different now it has to be played at the level of 
alliances in a very deep way to maximize, go to the market with the 
alliances to the customers and that is winning proposition. So, the 
cheaper than just trying to sell can we get to Rs.5000 Crores, we will 
obviously get to that revenue. But the game is much deeper and 
broader because really the whole range of technology, innovation, 
and partnerships to come in and play to make sure that you can 

 
scale it up in the right direction, in the right way not just a random 
focus on just the revenue number.  
Sanjay Dam: 
Got it Rajiv and second question, if you could tell us about the kind 
of investments, we did in FY22 in the new business and what you 
intend to do in FY23? Thank you. 
Rajiv Srivastava: Sanjay I could not hear your question, you might want to repeat 
that please? 
Sanjay Dam: 
Sir, investments in the new business in all kinds of abilities, people, 
system, processes to scale this business up and do it in the way you 
dominate your bread-and-butter business. How much did you 
spend in FY22 and what are the investments going to be like in 
FY23? Thank you sir. 
S V Krishnan: 
As we have discussed in the past Mr. Sanjay, the investments are 
more in opex form than in capex because we thought to build 
capabilities and many of the capability building in these new 
business initiatives are on talent and that is why you said when we 
talked about the opex that those additional opex’ s are also part of 
the current opex for which we may not be getting the return 
immediately some of these better returns will kick in only as we 
move forward. If I need to consider even opex as part of the 
investment it would be in the range of about Rs.60 to Rs.80 Crores 
if I need to put a number, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Dam: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Choksey 
from K R Choksey. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Choksey: Sir, I have two questions. I wanted to ask that how much your cloud 
business has grown year-on-year and your trade payables has 
grown increasingly since last five years. Can you give me the answer 
for that sir? Thank you very much. 
Rajiv Srivastava: Rishabh, your question wasn’t audible at all, I could not hear a word. 
Rishabh Choksey: Sir, your trade payables has been increasing at an immense pace in 
the last five years. Can you please explain that and my second 
question is how much of your cloud business grown year-on-year? 
Thank you very much. 
S V Krishnan: 
On the trade payable there are two factors that are attached 
towards the trade payable. One is as our enterprise business or IT 
volume business keeps going up generally, since the working 
capital deployment there in the form of inventory and receivable 
days being more our AP days also tend ot be more. Second, we 
have also consciously spoken to many of the vendors in terms of 
increasing the credit days where there is a requirement, take the 
help of outside financial institutions where it can get extended. 
These are few options that we have to make sure that our AP days 
are better, I think that should continue. Having said that your 
second question Rajiv said was not clear to us so if you can repeat, 
please. 

 
Rishabh Choksey: My second question was how much is a cloud business grown year-
on-year? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 48%. 
Rishabh Choksey: Sir sorry for may small question can I squeeze in, any measure you 
are taking to reduce our trade payables? 
Rajiv Srivastava: No, we are not taking any measures. 
S V Krishnan: 
Our objective is to keep that as high as possible, we would feel 
happy if the trade payable days covers our AR days in the past there 
were challenges, but we could achieve it in the last few quarters. 
Our objective is always to make sure AR days is covered by creditors 
days. 
Rishabh Choksey: Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sangeeta 
Purushottam from Cogito Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Andrey Purushottam: 
I am Andrey here, I had two question one is in 
terms of the working capital cycle, how do you compare with the 
pre-covid era and my second question is could you give us a sense 
of the seasonality of your sales in terms of a break up of sales into 
Q1 -Q2-Q3-Q4 in a typical year pattern so that I can understand the 
quarter-on-quarter mild de-growth better? 
Rajiv Srivastava: Our seasonality of business is H1 versus H2 is always in the range 
of 45-47 to 53 in that range, so 47-53 will be the seasonality of 
business that we have got. 

 
Andrey Purushottam: 
Okay, the first question was how does your 
working capital cycle compares with the pre-covid era? 
Rajiv Srivastava: Right now, it is much better than pre-covid, pre-covid was much 
higher, pre-covid we were in the range of 40-45 on the working 
capital days right now it is 28 days, so it is about 40% better than 
pre-covid. 
Andrey Purushottam: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that was 
the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments.  
Rajiv Srivastava: Thanks so much everyone. These questions are always very 
insightful they keep us in a good space because we tend to make 
sure that we are covered in our business from all sides and gives us 
a very, very helpful in the manner in which you project and present 
your questions to us, so that is very helpful and thank you so much. 
Like you said we had a very strong Q1 record revenue and opening 
margin for any first quarter of the year and that is a great story, then 
the great place to be in and it seems that our sustained investments 
in technology capabilities, partner relationships and our 
comprehensive breadth of offerings is paying out. We understand 
the way the global environment is playing out right now and we 
can only assure you that we are very, very cognizant of every single 
movement that is taking place in all the countries that we operate 
in and that enables us to be cautious, that enables us to maximize 
the opportunities, that enables us to mitigate the risk wherever they 

 
arise and do our business in a prudent way and Q1 is the reflection 
of that. Thank you so much for joining the call today and I hope to 
talk to you as we go forward in the next quarters. Thank you and 
have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Redington (India) Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining with us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
