INDIGO 
  
Be surprised! 
Date: August 10, 2022 
To, 
To 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
25" 
Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Mumbai 
- 400051 
Scrip Code: 543258 
NSE SYMBOL: INDIGOPNTS 
 
 
 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Intimation 
under Regulation 
30 
of the 
SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
& 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings call held with the analyst and investors on August 05, 2022 at 
17.00 hrs (IST) to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2022. 
The above information 
will also be made available on the website 
of the company 
www.indigopaints.com/investors 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you, 
For Indigo Paints Limited 
(formerly known as Indigo cy Limited) 
: 
¢ 
Sujoy Sudipta Bose 
Te Cy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
     
Encl: As above 
Registered Office: INDIGO Paints Limited (Formerly INDIGO Paints Pvt Ltd), Indigo Tower, Street 
- 5, Pallod Farm 
- 2, Baner Road, Pune 411045, Maharashtra 
T: +91 
20 6681 4300, Email: info@indigopaints.com, Website: www.indigopaints.com, CIN: 4.2411 4PN2000PLCO14669 
VAPTANAAAT LISNARRYI ZZ

‘gy INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
“Indigo Paints Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2022 
‘gly INDIGO 
eres 
Be surprised! 
ie 
~— 
ICICI Securities 
cuor@ s@emiis 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. HEMANT JALAN - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
Mr. 
TS 
SURESH 
BABU 
- 
CHIEF 
OPERATING 
OFFICER, INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. 
CHETAN 
RAMANI 
- 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. SRIHARI SANTHAKUMAR - GM FINANCE AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON — ICICI SECURITIES 
Page 
1 of 15

f 
Be surprised! 
“guy INDIGO 
Moderator: 
Manoj Menon: 
Srihari Santhakumar: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Indigo Paints Ql] FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon, Head of Research at ICICI 
Securities. Thank you, and over to you Mr. Menon. 
Hi, everyone. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening to each one of you 
depending on the part of the world you're joining this call from. Representing I-Sec 
it's my absolute pleasure and my team's pleasure to welcome you to Indigo Paints 1Q 
FY '23 conference call. I will hand over to Mr. Srihari Santhakumar, GM Finance and 
Investor Relations for the introductions and further course of action. Over to Srihari. 
Thanks, Manoj. Thanks everyone for joining the earnings conference call for Q1 FY 
'23 of Indigo Paints. Today from the company, we have Mr. Hemant Jalan, Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. TS Suresh Babu, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Chetan 
Ramani, Chief Financial Officer and myself Srihari, I'm heading Investor Relations 
here. As usual, the call will 
start with a quick and brief overview by Mr. Jalan 
followed by a Q&A. Over to Mr. Jalan. 
Thanks, Srihari. Thanks, Manoj. And thank you all for joining in on the earnings call 
of Indigo Paints for Q1 FY '23, judging by the quarterly financials released by now, 
by all the listed paint companies during the recent days, including our own, it is clear 
that the spring is back in our steps as far as the paint industry is concemed and that 
the dark clouds of raw material and price escalation now appear to be behind us. Our 
financials for Ql FY '23 have been uploaded on the stock exchange portals along 
with our analyst presentation and you've probably gone through them. 
I will start with a summary of our financials and then move on to future strategy and 
guidance. Compared to Q1 of last year, our sales in Q1 of this year have registered a 
robust value 
growth 
of 43.56%. 
Our 
gross 
margin 
has 
once 
again 
improved 
sequentially from the preceding quarter and has reached 45.19% for this quarter, 
which is almost back to the level it was at a year ago. We also believe that our gross 
margin percentage is much ahead of the rest of the paint industry due to our unique 
product portfolio, judicious management of formulation costs, and trade discounts. 
Raw material prices having been almost steady during the past few months and minor 
price increases in select products have been implemented each month in line with the 
rest 
of the 
industry. 
Our EBITDA quantum 
has 
increased 
by 75% 
from 
the 
corresponding figure for the same quarter last year and PAT numbers have also 
increased by 71.5% on a Y-on-Y basis. EBITDA margin has risen sharply from 
12.92% a year ago in this quarter to a level of 15.75% in Q1 of this year. Similarly, 
PAT margin percentage has increased from 7.3% to 8.9% on a Y-on-Y basis. 
Now, 
it should be mentioned that as you may be aware, advertising and promotion 
spends are disproportionately high for our company compared to other larger players 
in this industry and any quarterly shift in the advertising patterns has a serious impact 
on the bottom line for that particular quarter. Now, we have traditionally been a 
significant advertiser on IPL tournament and that advertising consumes a very sizable 
portion of our advertising budget for the year. 
Now you may recall that last year, the IPL tournament was truncated after April and 
the second half resumed in September. 
In contrast, this year the IPL has had an 
uninterrupted run in Q1, resulting in a significantly large advertising and promotional 
spend by us in Q1 compared to Q1 of last year by an absolute amount of more than 
INRS crore. Had it not been for the shift in the IPO schedule vis-a-vis last year simple 
Page 2 of 15

| ay 
| NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
arithmetic will show that our growth in EBITDA and PAT for the quarter on a Y-on- 
Y basis would have been in excess of 100%. 
We have given our volume and value growth numbers for each of the four major 
categories of paint products, consistent with our past pattern of transparent disclosure. 
We are happy to note that the emulsion category, which is the largest segment by 
value, it contributes almost half the value sales for any paint company that segment 
has registered a volume growth of 34.4% and a value growth of 65.7%. This is the 
second successive quarter where the emulsion category has registered high volume 
growth and this augurs well for future growth of the company. 
The category in enamels and wood coatings and the category of powder paints, which 
is mainly putty have 
also registered healthy volume growth. 
The 
only minor 
disappointment for us has been the low volume growth in the primer and distemper 
category, where we will attempt to accelerate growth by higher promotional activities 
in the coming quarters. Now, we had mentioned in our last earnings call that we as a 
company are disappointed that our top-line growth has largely been in the industry 
band of top-line growth and we have not been outperforming the growth rate of the 
paint industry as was expected of us. 
To this extent, we had outlined in our last earnings call of our changed focus on Tier 
1 and Tier 2 towns wherein we had identified 750 such towns in India to focus our 
efforts 
in deepening our distribution presence by extensive engagement with the 
influencer community. Now, this activity has been undertaken in great earnest across 
the country and we are beginning to see green shoots in various such cities. Now, this 
is a long and intensive process and 
I think it will take another one or maybe two 
quarters before observable results will start reflecting in our top-line numbers. Suffice 
to say that we are encouraged by the results that we're seeing and are allocating even 
more resources towards this strategy as we speak. 
Other paint companies have recently spoken about continued inflation in raw material 
prices, which have been plaguing our industry for the last 18 to 20 months. We at 
least now see a stabilizing of raw material prices and in fact a softening of these 
prices from the pre-levels during the last 30 to 45 days. In our last earnings call, we 
had predicted a gradual though small upward movement in gross margin percentage 
in Q1 and Q2 of this fiscal. Our Q1 gross margin results vindicate our predictions. 
Now with the uncertainty of prices apparently behind us and our gross margins in a 
very comfortable zone, the future trust will be completely on top-line growth. We 
will be willing to allocate higher promotional spends in future months towards both 
channel and influencer incentives to achieve these goals. And we are confident of 
achieving this objective without causing a dip in our profitability parameters. 
Now, Indigo Paints will continue to aggressively invest in brand building through 
advertising to improve its brand equity. As you are aware Kerala is our strongest state 
for sales and has been exhibiting robust sales growth during the last four quarters. 
To2cdw further deepen our brand equity in Kerala, we have recently signed on the 
celluloid superstar of Kerala Mr. Mohan Lal to create television advertising content, 
which 1s tailor-made for the State of Kerala. Meanwhile, our association with MS 
Dhoni continues for enhancing our brand equity in the rest of the country. 
We are progressing well on the construction of our new water-based paint plant in 
Tamil Nadu with civil construction and now machinery installation in full swing. As 
mentioned earlier, we expect to commission this plant in Q3 of this fiscal. Our 
expansion of distribution network and printing machine population continues 
as 
before except that it is now targeted more towards Tier 1 and Tier 2 towns. We have 
in the 
last quarter, launched a few more products 
at the budget end of exterior 
emulsions and distempers, all of which are doing very well. 
Page 3 of 15

Be surprised! 
AN) INDIGO 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Finally, you will note that any past analysis of our company performance will reveal 
that in every year Q1 is our weakest quarter for Indigo Paints and sales and profits 
rise sequentially into Q2, rise further into Q3, and reach their highest level in Q4. We 
expect this year to be no different. We are in a sweet spot of cost economics, wherein 
increase in sales will result in a disproportionate increase in profits. We sincerely 
hope to register a higher top-line growth trajectory in the next three quarters with a 
significantly higher bottom-line growth trajectory. 
That's all 
I have to say in terms of opening remarks. We look forward to questions 
from your end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thanks, and congrats on good recovery. My first question is on your comments 
on the raw material. 
I understand crude oil prices have come down. My question was 
on titanium dioxide and some 
of the other monomers, how much 
is the global 
recession which is being expected that is responsible for your view that mostly worst 
is behind? And could you share a bit more insights on how much of deflation you 
expect in these commodities? 
Hemant Jalan: 
Okay. First of all, our exposure to solvent-based paints is much less than the other 
players in the paint industry. So we are not as much impacted by crude oil prices as 
some of the others maybe. 
It is not to say that we are not impacted at all. Main 
derivatives of crude oil, which are inputs into the paint industry could be the alkyd 
resins and turpentine. Now, those had been continuously rising 
in the 
last few 
quarters, 
especially after the Ukraine war, just two days ago there has been 
a 
significant drop in both of these prices, perhaps because of marginal softening of the 
crude oil. Therefore the oil marketing companies in India have dropped the turpentine 
prices just two or three days ago and that is leading to also a drop in the alkyd resins 
prices. But as I said, those don't impact us that heavily. 
Monomer prices which go into making acrylic emulsions, which are a much more 
significant input into the paint industry has been softening. They have softened 
somewhat in the last quarter and in the last, I would say, 40 days starting from end of 
June till now, they have softened considerably more. So emulsion prices, at least, our 
purchase prices for August are significantly lower than what they were in July, And 
July prices were slightly lower than what they were in the month of June and we do 
not see any near-term possibility of a further uptrend in these. There may be further 
marginal decline in the coming months although not by as much as they have already 
come off already. 
Titanium which had also grown significantly and touched its peak around September 
of last year started softening and continues to soften and they have come off quite a 
lot from their peak levels that they had hit around August-September of last year by 
more than 20%. Along with that plastic prices, which -- polypropylene which is also 
linked to crude had been rising consistently all the way to March. They started 
dropping in the last three, four months and continue to drop month-by-month. So 
that's as far as raw material prices are concerned. 
I think almost all raw material 
prices that impact us are showing a softening trend and you should see slightly better 
gross margins resulting from that for the whole industry going forward. Of course, 
depends upon how much inventory one has at old prices. So whether it will reflect in 
Q2 or reflect full-fledged in Q3 is something that I would not hazard a guess, but the 
worst is over as of now. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, sir. Helpful. One follow-up on that, will it be fair to say that in H2 no more 
price hikes for you would be warranted based on current raw material prices? And 
could there be price cut also in H2 based on current raw material or do you think 
that's as of now highly away? 
Page 4 of 15

| ay 
| NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Hemant Jalan: 
Abneesh Roy: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Manoj Menon: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Manoj Menon: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
If raw material prices even remain as they are and do not drop any further, you're 
quite right one does not see much need for any further price hikes. Whether there will 
be a price cut at all or not, 
I think softening of the raw materials would happen -- 
would have to happen a 
little more. Otherwise, typically if raw materials soften 
within a narrow range, generally, the past trend has been that the industry improves 
or increases its trade discounts and managers that rather than going for a price change 
because any change in price is somewhat disruptive to the industry. So only when 
raw material price dropped significantly will there be 
a cause for a reduction in 
selling prices, at the moment, 
I think prices would be by and large stable for the next 
couple of months as far as selling prices go. 
I cannot make any predictions beyond 
that because we just have to play it by the year. 
Sure. And last question is generally rainfall this year has been quite good, but Bihar 
most likely will face a drought and Eastern UP, Jharkhand also will see a big deficit. 
So would 
you 
be 
concerned 
in 
these 
three, 
four 
markets 
because 
ultimately 
sentiments will get impacted, these are not highly irrigated states to start with, any 
comments on that? 
Why do you talk about drought when more than half the monsoon period is still 
ahead 
of us. 
So 
I 
think one 
keeps reading these forecasts 
by the Indian Met 
Department. So there are some regions in India that have had a deficit in rainfall as 
far as June, July are concerned, but they are predicting an uptick in the monsoon in 
the subsequent months, so we have full two months of monsoon left. So, let us see 
how the monsoon plays out. 
I don't have very deep insights into the meteorological 
data or the El Nino factors etc. So if there is a drought, of course, it has a long-term 
effect on rural demand as 
it does for any sector. Let us hope that that does not 
happen. 
Our next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, actually a bunch of questions from my side, but I'm not sure there's many people 
in the queue actually. So one on the pivot strategy, which you've outlined about three 
months of the -- and retiring et cetera. Any update, 
I know it's only three months, but 
at least did you started one? 
That's what 
I mentioned in my opening remarks that we are beginning to see good 
traction. 
I had mentioned three months ago, if I remember correctly, my exact words 
were, we don't expect anything magical to happen 
in one quarter, 
it's 
a slightly 
longer-term play. We are allocating more and more resources towards that, more and 
more feet on the ground to work with the influencers in these larger cities and we are 
expanding our manpower base in these cities to a significant extent to interact with 
the influencer community. So, we are beginning to see good results in several parts of 
India, they may not have reflected themselves completely in the results of Q1. 
I 
expect you should see some impact of that in Q2, but probably Q3 and Q4 is when 
you'll see the greatest manifestation of all the efforts that are going in there. 
It is 
changing the focus of the way in which we sell and that takes a little time for things 
to materialize. 
Understood, 
sir. And secondly, on the new brand ambassador for Kerala and as a 
recall, 
I think Mohanlal was actually an ambassador for another brand previously. 
Second, just wanted to understand whatever you could talk in 
a public call the 
overarching thought process for taking a local celebrity, is it fair to interpret this by 
saying that look, let's say, out of the X percentage of the target audience, let's say 
connect with a national figure like Dhoni, so you need to reach the entire 100% in 
terms 
of the communication. 
So 
that's 
-- 
so you need 
a regional. And more 
importantly what I'm interested to know is, 
is it a template you would look to do 
incrementally and this may have implications for your, 
let's say, 
savings on ad 
(advertisement) spends in the medium term? 
Page 5 of 15

| ay 
| 
Hemant Jalan: 
Manoj Menon: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Manoj Menon: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Manoj Menon: 
Hemant Jalan: 
NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
See, first of all, your first point about Mr. Mohanlal having been a brand ambassador 
for another company; to the best of my knowledge that was more than 20 years ago. 
So it's been a long winter since he discontinued being a brand ambassador for another 
paint company. In the past, when we used to make ads, since Mr. Dhoni does not 
speak Malayalam or any of the southern languages with any great proficiency, the 
ads, and the content and the thinking used to be kind of like Pan Indian in nature and 
the language of the ad or the thinking of the script behind the ad was really in Hindi 
and then it was in dubbed in various regional languages. 
Now because of our significantly large presence in Kerala where Kerala accounts for 
almost 28% or something of our revenue, there was a feedback that it is not the most 
ideal situation as far as that state is concerned. Also, that state has a slightly different 
product mix that sells there. The problem that paint companies encounter in terms of 
performance are also radically different in Kerala compared to other parts of India 
because of the coastal nature of that place and even the other larger paint companies, 
the number one and the number two players have been making different ads for 
Kerala market in the last few years. 
Correct. 
There was a call from our sales team that we should design the script where the script 
writer can think Malayalam 
and 
not think Hindi and then 
get translated 
into 
Malayalam and the ad should have a Kerala flavor to it. Now, because of the inability 
of Mr. Dhoni to speak in Malayalam we thought that having a local celebrity who is 
very, very popular in Kerala would perhaps enhance the creativity of that ad and it is 
with that, that we signed him on. As far as other states are concerned at the moment, 
our presence in the other Southern states, which is either in Andhra, Telangana that is 
the Telugu speaking region or Tamil Nadu or Karnataka is not large enough to merit 
such a distinct focus and in any case Mr. Dhoni is God in Tamil Nadu as you know 
because of his association in CSK. 
Yes. 
So at the moment, we don't feel the need and it would not be justifiable in terms of 
cost to sign on local celebrities in the other Southern states. When you come to 
Northern India, 
I think Mr. Dhoni's appeal is unparalleled and we intend to continue 
with him for a long time to come. 
So, very clear. Thank you so much. Someone coming from that part of the world can't 
really think of a better brand ambassador for your company than Mohanlal 
sir. 
Second, just on the input let's say plateauing out orders or deflation question, which 
my friend Abneesh asked little earlier in your opinion, look there how do you see this 
playing out actually? Because the reason I'm asking because there are only few 
consumer categories where you could actually retain some of the input correction 
without really changing the profit pool equilibrium. Now P&G has been one of them 
where you could actually do that as per past statistical evidences. So -- but having 
said that what we observed last year from Asian was actually let's say the 10% odd 
The gross margin drop in the September quarter last year was sort of a reminder 
about let's say the ability versus willingness to manage the profit pool. So how do you 
see 
this 
playing 
out 
over 
the 
next 
12 
months because 
again 
this may have 
implications for you on your profitability as well? 
See the reason why 
it 
is difficult to compare both our margins and our top-line 
growth with the other listed players, there is a fundamental difference and that is that 
we are the only listed player who is 100% in decorative paints. All other players have 
a significant exposure to industrial paints. There are two listed players where that 
exposure to industrial paints is as high as 40%, 45% and for the two largest players it 
is somewhat lower, maybe in the 20% range. Now, If you look at it last year in Q1 
Page 6 of 15

| ay 
| 
Moderator: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
and perhaps also in Q2, the industrial segment was hit very badly largely due to a 
chip shortage for the automotive industry. 
So, my understanding is that the other listed paint players have had a disproportionate 
growth in the industrial segment in QI] and may also have that in Q2 because of a 
weak base effect. So therefore their overall top-line growth in terms of percentage 
may optically look much higher than what their decorative segment has been. Some 
of those 
players 
are 
also 
active 
in 
other 
adjacencies 
like 
waterproofing 
and 
construction chemicals, which have their own cost dynamics and we are also not 
present 
in 
that. However, 
you 
will 
notice 
that 
all 
other players have 
noted 
a 
deterioration 
in 
gross 
margin 
percentage, which 
is 
directly correlated 
to 
their 
disproportionate increase in the industrial paint segment because as you all know, 
industrial paints have a significantly lower gross margin than decorative paints. 
So, we 
are 
perhaps 
the 
only company where 
the 
gross margin 
has increased 
significantly from the preceding quarter. Most other players reporting a sharp decline. 
So, therefore, this movement of gross margin and the top-line growth aided with a 
disproportionate 
growth 
in 
industrial 
sales 
are 
completely 
correlated 
and 
understandable. 
I mean, today our gross margins for this quarter are head over heels 
higher over the others because we are only present in the decorative space, which 
offers a significantly higher gross margin. 
Now, how it plays out into the future for us, 
I do not know what the cost impacts of 
industrial raw materials, how they are behaving because we are not present in that 
space. We expect under normal circumstances that our gross margins with the 
softening of raw materials should steadily improve over time. What that also means is 
that it offers us that headroom to maybe go a little more aggressive when it comes to 
promotional 
spends, 
promotional 
spends 
either 
amongst 
dealers 
or 
amongst 
influencers, or a combination thereof to try and accelerate our top-line growth. If we 
do that the effect on the ultimate bottom line that is PAT number would be very, very 
high disproportionately. So, at least for us, 
I cannot speak for others the effort will be 
to now step up the top-line growth because we have the comfort of margins and 
profitability behind us and we do not see any challenge in that sphere and grow the 
top-line more aggressively than the others, at least as far as the decorative component 
is concerned. And that will naturally result in a much, much higher profit growth in 
the future quarters for us. 
Our next question is from the line of Vishal Gupta from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, 
hi Hemant 
sir, Vishal 
here. 
Sir, 
I had one question and one 
of the media 
interview you had mentioned that in bigger cities or metros, the role of influencer is 
much more important than dealer, dealer is also one of the influencers, but in the 
sense painter, contractors and architects and in smaller places where you highlighted 
that dealer plays an important role. So 
I just wanted to know why the dynamics are 
different and if you can elaborate or throw some more color on this, why there is a 
difference in the person who is pushing the paints in bigger cities than smaller cities? 
See what happens is that when you go to a very small town people tend to generally 
know each other. So the dealer is not a faceless person, he's generally somebody who 
has an acquaintance with the consumers at large. So, therefore, he is likely to have a 
much more greater impact or a say in the brand selection by the consumer. On the 
other extreme, if we move away, not just to the Tier 1 and Tier 2 towns, let's say we 
move to the metros like Mumbai, a dealer is a faceless person, you don't know him 
from Adam and he doesn't know you. And therefore, if a totally unknown person in a 
very large city tries to recommend any particular brand he ts not likely to have much 
influence as far as the consumer is concerned and therefore the consumer places more 
emphasis and more trust in what's the painting contractor has to say to him. 
Page 7 of 15

| ay 
| 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
So the nature of selling in larger towns and small downs or the nature of brand 
selection changes dramatically and therefore the nature of your efforts on the ground 
to push your sales needs to change in a corresponding manner. 
Got that. So because you are also targeting top 750 cities now, so what would be your 
approach apart from what you call given the higher incentive, what is the approach, 
how do you plan to garner share out of that because competitive intensity remains 
quite high, because all the top four players are present out over there. So if you can 
throw some more color on it, how do you plan to gain share in those markets? 
So I don't think competitive intensity changes from large towns to small towns, don't 
think that the other players tend to ignore small towns. Nobody does, because 
everybody derives a huge amount of sale from Tier 3 and Tier 4 towns. For us, It may 
be disproportionately higher as a percentage of our overall revenue compared to the 
others, but we do not like to underestimate the competitive intensity of our larger 
competitors when it comes to the smaller towns. When it comes to the bigger cities, 
you have to work with the painting contractors, you need to visit sites, you need to do 
sampling at the sites, and work with the painting contractor that is the influencers to 
convince the house owner directly into shifting into your brand. That intensity of 
work is perhaps not required for the Tier 3 and Tier 4 towns, where the nature of 
selling is very different. 
So you need an army of people who have the time and the inclination to work with 
these painting contractors, visit the sites which they are working on and try and 
influence directly the homeowner at those sites to adopt your brand. All companies, 
therefore, have a large field force dedicated to this activity in the larger towns. We 
have woken up to it a 
little late because until last year we were getting high growth in 
the smaller towns and we were focusing more there. Now that our focus has shifted, 
we are significantly adding to the number of feet on the ground. These are not 
salespeople, but these are shall 
I say influencer management people who will work 
with the influencer communities, 
regularly visit project 
sites and convince 
the 
homeowners to adopt that paint. That 
is the nature of trust that is required. Not 
necessarily, more spends in terms of promotion or advertising or anything else. 
Got it, got it. Got it, sir. Last question from my side, just wanted to understand, sir, 
what is the framework of setting up depots definitely cost-benefit analysis will go in, 
but just wanted to understand when we decide to setup a depot in a particular city or 
state what is the thought that goes behind it? Sir definitely a certain threshold of sales 
will be required. If you can just explain or elaborate more on it, 
it would be really 
helpful, sir? 
Setting up depots or multiple depots in a state is entirely governed by logistics and we 
look at the time taken to deliver material from your depot to dealers in the more far- 
flung areas. The moment that starts crossing 36 to 48 hours, you feel the need to 
establish a second depot in that particular state suitably located geographically so that 
the areas that you were not able to service in 24 to 36 hours, you can now service 
more effectively from there. So it is really time taken to service the dealer, 
it has 
something to do with the logistics transport network available in various states. 
For example, if you take a state of West Bengal, if you've tried to dispatch material 
from Kolkata to Siliguri, 
it will on average take about 8 or 10 days to reach there 
because transport services between the two cities simply do not exist. And if you talk 
about feeding more upcountry areas beyond Siliguri, which is the largest town in 
North Bengal it could take even longer. So it becomes very difficult to operate from 
one depot in that state. You need the depot in Siliguri. You probably need another 
depot somewhere in between Kolkata and Siliguri and so on and so forth in different 
states. 
So I think, depending upon the volume of business that you have the part of the state, 
which is exhibiting higher growth you go on adding depots as and when it is needed 
Page 8 of 15

f 
Be surprised! 
“guy INDIGO 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Srihari Santhakumar: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
to provide good service to the dealers. That is the only criteria that we adopt in 
deciding when to add another depot. 
Got it. And just follow-on to that, is it CapEx heavy that given the pain is incredible 
so 1s it setting up a depot what do you call a very CapEx heavy or just want... 
It doesn't involve any CapEx. 
I don't know of any paint company, which owns the 
depots. They always rent it out. So it's all the committed cost so when you setup a 
depot, a little inventory gets added there because you have to maintain the range of 
stocks, maybe there is an increase in working capital to a small extent INR50 lakhs, 
INR60 lakhs of extra inventory get started on and you have one or two accountants 
and the CapEx involved is what you set up one or two computers 
a little cabin and 
you're ready to book. 
Okay. 
Sir, 
fire 
extinguisher 
equipment 
anything 
required 
because 
paint 
is 
inflammable, just wanted to understand on that front anything required on that front? 
Fire extinguishers anything? 
Fire extinguishers. 
Yes, no, because paints are inflammable so accordingly I just wanted to ask. 
You need approval from the local bodies and you have to keep your depot well 
stocked with necessary fire extinguishers. So that's not a huge cost. 
Our next question 
is from the line of Gaurang Kakkad from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on a good recovery and good show on profitability. 
Sir, my first 
question is in terms of the Tier 1, Tier 2 entry strategy. So largely, you mentioned 
that there are some green shoots that you see here. So is 
it that largely the dealer 
addition which has happened in this quarter, 700 odd is primarily in this Tier 1, Tier 2 
cities and based on the initial numbers, we see that the acceptability of the brand is 
strong? What gives us the confidence? 
See dealer network in the largest cities was never a problem for us. We already had a 
good network of dealers in Tier 1 and Tier 2 towns. The problem was that the output 
per dealer in those cities was fairly low and the share of that dealer's total sale that we 
were getting was abysmally low. Whereas the moment we went to Tier 3 and Tier 4 
towns, we were getting 
a fairly high share of that counter sale towards Indigo 
whoever our dealer was. So we analyze that the only reason this was exhibiting a 
distinct change when you move from Tier 3, Tier 4 to Tier 1, Tier 2 towns 1s that in 
the past we had not engaged actively with the influencer community there and did the 
kinds of things that I just outlined in response to a previous question. And unless you 
do that, it is very difficult to increase the share of sales in those respective counters. 
So, let us say, if you go to a Tier 3, Tier 4 town and let us say, a dealer his total paint 
sale is, let's say, just to throw a number INR1 crore and if Indigo is getting and all 
these dealers are of course multi-brand as you know. So if Indigo gets INR40 lakhs to 
INRSO lakhs of that counter sale that's pretty good for a company of our size. 
When you go through a Tier 1 or Tier 2 town, for most dealers there, total sale in the 
counter would be upwards of INR1.5 crore or INR2 crore and there the share of sales 
that we were enjoying was abysmally low. It was below INR10 lakh or so. So giving 
incentive to the dealer who was not going to help because as 
I said, the role of a 
dealer in these towns is much less. What we were lacking was working actively with 
the influencer community and visiting the sites where they were getting the painting 
jobs and working with them to convince the house owner to switch to our brand. 
Page 9 of 15

f 
Be surprised! 
“guy INDIGO 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
Now that's a very different kind of an activity, which we have started doing very 
aggressively in the last four months and we are beginning to see results. It's a long 
process. Other companies have been doing this for many, many years, we have 
embarked on this journey only during the last four months or so. So it will take some 
time, but we are confident that we will get there because the acceptability of our 
brands and the equity of our brand is very high everywhere. So that is a big plus point 
for us. The quality of our product, people are very happy with, the quality, the 
packaging, the delivery, etc. What we need is this intensive engagement with the 
painters in the larger towns and that is what we are doing. 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Right. And in terms of product mix, you mentioned, so largely would the product mix 
be similar across the Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 Tier 4 towns? Say across... 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yes, very much. It is a misnomer that more premium paint sell in the bigger cities 
and the economy paint sell in the smaller towns that has not borne on by reality, 
sometimes you find that 
in 
the very, 
very small towns you have 
a very high 
disproportionately high 
sale of premium products. 
So overall, 
I would 
say, 
the 
product mix does not change with the size of the town or at least that has not been our 
experience. We find that by and large the product mix is the same. 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And this would also be true for the differentiated products, right? So the share. Okay. 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Okay. And just on the dealer addition this 4.5%, 5% Q-o-Q addition largely it is Tier 
1, Tier 2 towns or still we are looking at Tier 3, Tier 4 in terms of addition for the 
quarter as well as incremental? 
Hemant Jalan: 
No, there will be a mix of both. 
I don't have exact granular bifurcation of how much 
of those have happened in the larger cities and how much have happened in the 
smaller towns, but as 
I mentioned in my opening remarks, now the dealer addition 
and the tinting machine addition is happening much more as a percentage in the 
larger towns vis-a-vis the smaller towns where in most states, there is not much more 
room 
left 
for expansion 
of the 
dealer network, 
because 
the number 
of dealers 
available in those small towns is very low and if you already have 50% or 40% of 
those dealers dealing with you, 
it 
is counter-productive to try and expand your 
network further in those places. 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Right. Thanks. That helps. And on the three-year CAGR growth at the company 
level, if you can share what is the number? 
Hemant Jalan: 
Top-line growth, 
I think the three-year CAGR came to somewhere around 17% or 
thereabout in terms of top-line, that's the problem that now doing a one-year growth 
becomes 
meaningless 
because 
of 
COVID, 
two-year 
growth 
also 
becomes 
meaningless because Q1 
of FY '21 was even more severely impacted. So going 
through three-year CAGR growth, we can do the number crunching, but to the best of 
my memory, it was around 17%. 
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Right. And just finally on the primer distemper part, the value growth is 28% and 
volume growth 
is 2%. 
So there 
is 
a 25% kind 
of a pricing element there, 
is 
competition having a much lower pricing element, which is why we have a lower 
volume growth and what is the way ahead in this category? 
Hemant Jalan: 
You find that difference across all categories that the value growth is significantly 
higher than the volume growth, because prices have risen significantly. Now, we 
presented in four detailed buckets in the interest of transparency, our competitors 
choose to club it all together and that makes analysis very difficult for people like you 
I can understand, because it is very difficult, you start adding putty, which is a INR20 
kg item, with some top end emulsions, which are INR300 
a liter and try and club 
Page 10 of 15

| ay 
| 
Moderator: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
value and volume growth across categories. 
I think 
it leads to 
a khichdi, which 
doesn't yield much insight. 
Now in some quarters, like 
I remember in last quarter, our putty growth in volume 
was very low, almost zero. Now this quarter, It's been much healthier and so on and 
so forth. So quarter-to-quarter different product buckets do tend to perform slightly 
differently. Again, if you do a detailed analysis, 
it may have something to do with 
which comes you ran aggressive schemes on which product category both this year 
and the previous year. Suppose you ran a very heavy scheme on this particular 
category in June of last year then you would be coming off of a high base and you 
may show lower growth this year. Whereas, 
if you ran a high scheme for some 
product this year during Q1 versus last year in Q1, you may show a 
significantly 
higher volume growth. 
So, 
I think to make sense out of these volume and value numbers, you have to let a 
longer time period elapse and as long as on a whole year basis you are doing good 
growth, both in terms of volume and value, you should be all right. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Avi Mehta: from Macquarie. Please 
go ahead. 
Hi, 
sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
Sir, 
a few questions, 
first on the input cost 
environment just conceptual understanding, would it be a fair bit of understanding 
that the titanium dioxide market because for us that is a bigger chunk would it be fair 
to say that any correction seen in say a region like China or so would flow through to 
the India buy price or maybe with time-lag, but is that a right way to look at this 
market or no? 
See I don't have that much of inputs when it comes to global macroeconomic shifts 
are concerned. 
So, to what extent do fluctuations 
in China or Europe or Ukraine 
impact India is kind of a little hard to decipher. 
Sir no, what 
I mean from a titanium dioxide market perspective because the global 
commodity I wasn't sure, but I thought I'll just check it again. 
So actually much more important than titanium dioxide for us are the emulsion 
monomers that 
is 
a much higher cost input, which constitute the overall acrylic 
emulsions, which are the base for all our water-based paints. That is a significantly 
higher input for us than titanium dioxide. And last year they were rising very high, 
primarily due to large shutdowns in some global plants and some of these monomers 
are made 
at very, very few places 
in the world and even one 
of those plants 
undergoes a shutdown, it has a huge impact on the monomer prices across the world. 
Titanium dioxide is a little more distributed in the sense that titanium dioxide is not 
made by just two or three or four manufacturers around the globe, they are made by a 
much larger number of manufacturers. So supply disruptions or plant outages tend 
not to disturb titanium dioxide as much. 
I think it would be more global demand- 
supply that influences it. How much of that is influenced by China I frankly do not 
profess to know, but there has been a steady softening of titanium dioxide prices 
starting from September. So it's been a gradual drop quarter-by-quarter and we are 
marginally above the levels that we were in one and half years ago. So in between 
things had risen very high, they have come down significantly, as I've said, by more 
than 20%, almost 25%. And the indications that we get from the vendors of titanium 
dioxide is that it is not likely that it will see an uptrend in the forthcoming months. 
We get a similar signal for emulsion monomers. 
Sir, if I may, where 
I was coming from is titanium dioxide in China is down almost 
20% or so. So 
I thought that -- and India titanium dioxide prices are not reflecting 
that so which is where -- that was the basis of the question. So asked. 
Page 11 of 15

| ay 
| 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Vishal Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Avi Mehta: 
NDIGO 
Be surprised! 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
So in India also -- well in India, there is only one significant manufacturer, which is 
KMML and KMML have dropped their prices, they have not dropped it to the extent 
by which global prices have come down, but KMML services only a small fraction of 
the Indian demand. So, maybe they are fully booked, 
I don't know. But most of our 
purchasing of titanium dioxide is imported titanium dioxide where we are getting the 
benefits of lower pricing and these materials come from China, they come from other 
parts of Southeast Asia, some parts come from -- some materials come from Europe 
also, depending upon the grade of titanium that you need and there 
is an overall 
softening across the board. 
Got it, sir. And sir, could you be able to give us a broad sense on what share of inputs 
does it kind of account for us just to -- so that we can appreciate the moderation? 
The number available and that number would vary slightly quarter-to-quarter. 
No, no, not quarterly, just the broad range, sir. Is tt like 20%, 30%? 
No, no it won't be that high or anything close to that. In terms of our total imports, 
I 
doubt if it will even be 10% of our total inputs. But 
I don't have exact numbers 
available right now and what happens is that certain quarters like now when you enter 
Q2, this is a period when generally it is the more economy range products that sell. 
So titanium dioxide consumption as overall consumption will go down and once you 
come into Q3 and Q4 those are the periods when the higher-end emulsions sell the 
most. 
So titanium dioxide consumption increases very dramatically during those 
quarters at least for us. 
No. 
Got 
it, 
sir. 
I'll take that offline. 
Sir, 
the second 
bit was essentially on the 
institutional sales, now we've been hearing from other peers that there has been a 
very sharp uptick in that segment. 
I wanted to kind of just get your thoughts on how 
are you looking at that segment, that market and your strategies. 
Yes, we 
had mentioned even earlier that we 
are interested 
in entering 
into the 
industrial coating division -- the business. However, the industrial paint business is a 
very diverse set, on one hand, you have very high-end industrial paints, so, we have 
very high-end industrial paints which are used in very high-tech areas which are very 
technology protected and have reasonably good margins and you have the low end of 
the industrial paints. So, we are not looking at entering the lower-end industrial paints 
because that is a very crowded area. You're talking about industrial sales, or are you 
talking about institutional sales of decorative paints? 
I was talking with the institutional sales of decorative, sir. 
I see, institutional sales of decorative paints, no, that is not the segment that we are 
looking at. Because that would mean selling to large builders etc. and the safety of 
your financial exposure is very suspect with that community and that is not a segment 
that we are looking at entering at this point in time. 
Okay. Okay, got it, sir. And if I hear you correctly industrial you will focus only there 
is technology and where you can... 
Yes, so we are exploring those options. We are in talk with several companies outside 
India. The talks have not reached a definitive stage where we can talk concretely 
about it. As and when something materializes, we will definitely be disclosing it to 
the investor community, but we are hopeful that something would happen, 
but 
I 
cannot put a timeframe to it. 
Got it, sir, got it. And sir, if I may, just in the entire strategy piece what 
I liked is 
you've kind of been very aggressive in terms of growing, and nowhere have you kind 
of argued that this is what because of a new player coming in any defensive, would it 
be fair to say that your approach for any new player entry in particular, Grasim is 
Page 12 of 15

Be surprised! 
AN) INDIGO 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
going to be, let's see what they're doing and then react, or would you be kind of 
looking to do some proactive steps over here just your thoughts? 
Hemant Jalan: 
Grasim's entry is two years away. To start bothering about somebody who 1s going to 
enter two years from now is unnecessarily putting yourself under any kind of a strain 
when it is not worth it. Let them come closer to launch and the paint industry is so 
large and there is so much of inherent growth and volume in the paint industry and 
for any large player, 
I mean, you've had a large group that has entered the paint 
industry three, three and half years ago, you know who I'm talking about and they are 
doing well from what I hear. But they have not disrupted the applecart for any of the 
existing players. So 
I would expect that even when Grasim enters and it is making 
higher commitment in terms of capital outlay. But it is not a capex driven industry 
and whatever space they will occupy over a period of time, 
I think it will happen 
without disrupting anything for the existing players. So it is not something that any of 
the players in the paint industry are very worried about at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you, 
sir, for taking my question. 
I have only one, but have a slightly long 
question So please bear with me. So just trying to understand the consumer behavior 
in this paint category and my question pertains to the category as a whole might not 
be completely applicable 
to you alone, 
but overall category. 
So, 
sir, 
in many 
categories across FMCG and more discretionary, we are seeing which pertain to the 
mass and 
are reasonably penetrated. We 
are 
seeing 
a very lackluster demand 
environment in terms of volumes and this 
is primarily due to the steep inflation, 
which has disrupted household budgets. Now in a category like paints which has seen 
a 20% price increase and there is also an angle of deferment, 
I may postpone my 
painting of the house. The volume growth is pretty healthy and this is across paint 
players. So what in your view is driving this? Is this a repainting led demand which 
cannot be deferred? It is new construction, houses, share gains from smaller players 
or just there 
is ample availability of cheap labor, which 
is offsetting this price 
inflation in paints or a bit of everything? Just trying to understand this reason, sir. 
Hemant Jalan: 
So I think that you're asking a very pertinent question, Sameer, but it is dangerous to 
compare 
a category like paint with other consumables, which are like consumer 
staples. Consumer staples, when you talk about strain in volume growth and 
I have 
read in the papers, large companies like Levers and P&G and the consumer product 
companies of the world the FMCG companies as you know them talking about a 
slowdown in volume growth or even a negative volume growth at times depending 
upon which company and which sector you are looking at. Now the fundamental 
difference between those and paints is that paint is something which is consumed 
once in four, five years as opposed to toothpaste, soaps, shampoo, which is purchased 
every month. 
So those products, which are the staples, which are bought every month affect a 
household budget and 
I think every household has to manage its budget and in a 
slightly inflationary environment and the uncertainties that we have had with respect 
to COVID and the disruptions that is created people tend to either down trade and 
purchase cheaper material or they go for smaller pack sizes. And therefore that results 
in a slight weakening as far as volume growth is concemed. You're right, that in 
paints. 
It is a discretionary nature, some part of it can be postponed and some of it 
cannot. Today, the biggest trigger painting is a marriage in the house. 
Now, if a marriage is taking place in our house typically both the pride's house and 
the pride groom's house will run go about a painting and that is not something, which 
is deferrable. Once a marriage date has been fixed. And since this happens once in 
four, five years when you repaint the house, there is a great amount of aspirational 
element attached to it. People today, you were asking about consumer behavior, our 
insight is that when it comes to making over their house, the house is their calling 
Page 13 of 15

Be surprised! 
AN) INDIGO 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Patanjali Srinivasa 
Moderator: 
Patanjali Srinivasa: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Patanjali Srinivasa: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
card of where they have reached. They don't want to sacrifice on that. Also, when 
they keep in mind that the actual cost of paint is less than typically 40% to 45% of the 
overall painting cost, the rest being labor and the labor cost has not increased as 
drastically. 
So therefore a little inflation in the raw material or in the paint prices even if it is to 
the extent of 20%, overall impacts the painting cost by only 8%. So people tend so far 
not to be stingy on that and continue to paint their house as they have required in the 
past. Maybe the lockdowns have accentuated that because people are spending more 
time at home because of this work-from-home environment and therefore contrary to 
gut feel the postponement in painting cycle has really not happened, which is good 
for our industry. So the fact that when COVID happened were we worried about what 
impact 
it will have in demand, of course, we were. But, fortunately, for us 
it has 
played out rather well and now that COVID seems to be behind us, 
I think we are 
confident that we are back on a good volume growth track as we were during the pre- 
COVID era. 
So, therefore, 
don't compare 
it, 
like look 
at automobile 
sales, from what 
I read 
automobile sales are also undergoing a big jump despite the big escalation in prices 
of automobiles and steel and chips and other things that go into automobiles. So 
maybe you should look at paint more in relation to durables and automobiles and 
some other products. Now each industry has its own dynamics and yesterday I was 
reading that the air conditioning and the refrigerator for homes are not going through, 
they are seeing a very flattish volume in the last few months. Why it is different in 
paint, I don't know. 
I don't wrap my head too much about it, when the volume growth 
is good, I don't try to unearth as to why is it good. We enjoy it while it's happening. 
Fair enough, sir. That's a very detailed answer, and thanks for this. My only concern 
here is that because this is a category, which is, as you said people consume once in 
four, five years, having consumed they're out of the system for the next four, five 
years. 
So for that somebody else comes into the system, who has painted three years ago. So 
that goes on almost 85% of the paint consumption is repainting of existing homes, 
15%, max 20% is got new construction and new construction of course the printing 
cannot be postponed, you typically need to paint it before you inhabit the dwelling, 
but the re-painting cycle has also shortened overtime. It used to be six, seven years, 
it's now come down to three, four years. So that has led to a higher frequency of 
repainting. So, yes, the volume growth continues to look good for this sector and we 
just hope that it stays that way for the years to come. 
Thank you. 
Our 
last question 
is from the 
line 
of Patanjali Srinivasa and from 
Mirabilis Investment Trust. Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I'd like to know if we have any plans of... 
I am sorry to interrupt Mr. Srinivasan, can you please switch to your handset? Mr. 
Srinivasan? 
Yes, am I audible ma'am. 
We can hear you. Please go ahead. There 1s a little echo but go ahead. 
Yes, so I wanted to understand, if we have any plans of entering the waterproofing 
business, sir? 
No immediate plans of entering waterproofing per se. We are interested in entering 
into the industrial paints category, if and when we tie-up with any large player and I 
think it will have to be done with a tie-up with some large player anywhere in the 
world. If they also have a strong portfolio in waterproofing, it is something that we 
Page 14 of 15

Be surprised! 
AN) INDIGO 
Patanjali Srinivasa: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
August 05, 2022 
may consider. But at the moment from our understanding, the waterproofing sector is 
getting a bit too crowded and the gross margins have dropped significantly in that 
sector. So, it is not a focus area by itself to get into, if it happens naturally along with 
some other industrial paints, it is not something that we rule out either. 
Sir, and one-off our guidance like previously was that with the time our A&P as a 
percentage of sales will keep dropping a bit because our sales growth will be much 
faster, so in the recent distinct, in today's call you said that because we have some 
better gross margin advantage, you will still invest more on branding and all of that. 
So what ts the right thing to expect going forward? 
No, 
I think we stick with what we had said and that 
is that A&P spends will in 
absolute amounts probably increase by, let's say, 5% year-on-year to take care of 
inflationary effect because all the television channels do tend to kind of increase their 
pricing for the spots by on average 5% year-on-year so that much of absolute increase 
in 
spend you 
have 
to 
maintain, 
to 
maintain 
the 
same 
degree 
or 
intensity 
of 
advertising. However, since the topline growth fortunately much, much higher than 
5%, therefore the advertising cost or A&P cost as a percentage of topline continues to 
drop. They dropped last year from what they were the previous year and this year we 
expect a significant more drop maybe 1.5% to 1.75%. 
Last year our A&P costs were 9.7% of top-line maybe, this year it will be closer to 
8% and that is a natural decline that will happen without sacrificing the intensity of 
advertising, 
simply because 
the 
top-line 
increases 
faster 
than 
this 
spends 
on 
advertising. What 
I was talking about of signing another celebrity, 
I mean, 
the 
celebrity cost is but a very small portion of your advertising expense, the much, much 
larger expense is what you spend on those airing those commercials on television. 
And that in terms of overall intensity as far as our Pan-India spread is concemed is 
not expected to increase very much. It is the quality of the creative in one particular 
state, which will undergo change, taking a more local flavor out there, which would 
appeal more to the operation of Kerala that's 
all. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. 
I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thanks a lot. It has been a very engaging session. Thanks for your questions. 
I hope 
we have answered them well. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out 
to Mr. Srihari Santhakumar: who is our GM Finance and Investor Relationships. 
I 
know that you have other earnings call lined up, which may have already started and 
you'd be anxious to switch-offs, 
so 
I will not keep you any longer. Thanks 
a lot, 
Manoj, for conducting it and giving us this opportunity, and thanks for your entire 
team at I-Sec and the moderator. Thank you. 
Thank you very much, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
in. You many now disconnect the call. 
Page 15 of 15
