r$tl
fllll Industries Limitcd
CorPorate O'ffice
I
Plot No.JND-S, Sector-l
East notxara Township, Kolkata -700 107
Telephone : (91) (33) 39U947519524
Fax : (91) (33) 39849676
Web : www.ifbindustries.com
L0th August,2022
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd,
Phiroze f eejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001-
The Manager
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No-C/1, G Bloch
Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai -400051
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Ltd.
7 Lyons Range
Kolkata-700001"
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 pursuant to
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 for your
information and records.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.ifbindustries.com
The audio recording of the conference call is also made available on the Company's website, at
www.ifbindustries.com
Yours faithfully
For IFB Industries Ltd
G' [^- 
<=Lr-'*.9t-^-
G Ray Chowdhury
Company Secretary
Registered Office : 14, Taratolla Road, Kolkata - 700 088, lndia,llel: (91) (33) 304,892999218, Fax : (91) (33) 24O14ST9BA4Bq23O
E-mail : reply@ifbglobal.com, CIN : L51 109W81 974PLC029637

ffii'II
"IFB Industries Limited
Q 1 FY2023 Earnings Conference CaIl"
August 05, 2022
lndustrios Linrited
NIRMAL BANG
rs$
t*'
@
I'ndustries Limited
ANALYST:
M,q.NacnMENT:
r r rirlli{,rihrii 
ii*!+iil 
iti'l{,rr{
Mn. PnaSHEEL GaNnHr - Nrnvrlr, BaNc Equrrrrs
Pnrvarr Lrvrrrnn
Mn. Pnanrn Cu.q.rrnnJEn - Drnrcron & Cnrnr
FrNaNcrar, Onnrcnn - IF B lNnusrnrns Lrvrrrnu
Mn. Anup Das Hnao oF ManxnrrNc
ENcrNnnRrNG DrvrsroN - IFB INnusrnlns Lrvrmnu
Mn. RaTSHANKAR R,q.y _ MaNaGING Dlnncron &
Curnr Exncurrvn Onprcnn (Honan Appr,raNcrcs
DrvrsroN) - IFB INnusrRrns Lrvrrrnn
Mn. ANnNn Rnnny - Curnn ExpcurrvE OrrrcnR
(Moron DrvrsroN) - IFB lNnusrRrns Lrvrrrnn
Page 1 of l0

lndu*tries l*irnited
Moderator:
Prasheel Gandhi:
Prabir Chatterjee:
Moderator:
Prasheel Gandhi:
Rajshankar Ray
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q I FY2023 Eamings Conference Call of IFB
Industries Limited hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal
an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang
Equities, thank you and over to you Sir!
Thanks Mitchell. Hello everyone. Nirmal Bang Equities welcomes you all to lQ FY2023 earnings
call of IFB Industries. From the management team we have Mr. Prabir Chatterjee, Director and
CFO, Mr. Rajshankar Ray - MD and CEO Home Appliances Division, Mr. Arup Das - Head
Marketing Engineering Division and Mr. Anand Reddy - CEO Motor Division. I now hand over
the call to the management for opening remarks post which we can take for Q&A. Thank you and
over to you Sir!
Thank you Mr. Gandhi. Good aftemoon everyone. I welcome you all for IFB Industries investors'
call for the first quarter FY 22-23, Hope everyone is safe and fine. with me today are Mr.
Rajshankar Ray, MD & cEo of Home Appliances Division, Mr. Arup Das, Head of Marketing -
Engineering Division and Mr. Anand Reddy - CEO of Motor Division. Growth in revenue during
the quarter was substantially high compared to same quarter last year. The company has reported
a total income of 1054.69 Crores which is a growth of 88oZ compared to the same quarter last year;
however, last year was affected due to coVID. The base was low last year. EBITDA Margin
during the year was 38.4 Crores compared to loss of 29.41 Crores for the corresponding quarter
,,llfi xffeAft"3'"'8/.i'Q"slH3'f,'tf5'!lJ'1$8"?,{"''?Ff#,? *'nn$irg}$giiy&,hi€bgqlb#Ut $HgfB.,.,
increase in commodity price and these have substantially impacted the margin. Company is taking
various measures now for cost reduction, improvement of productivity and increase in sale. With
that I would request you to start the question and answer session.
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is
from the line of Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities. please go ahead.
Hello thanks for the opportunity. Could you highlight the price hikes that we have taken for the
quarter and secondly what was the sale through e-com channels?
Rajshankar here. The price hikes taken in the quarter are roughly between 3o/o and 5% depending
on the model of the segment and are you talking about percentage of sales in e-commerce Mr.
Chatterjee would you like to answer that please.
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Around l3%.
Prasheel Gandhi: 
So this number is likely to go up for Q2 and Q3 is rny understanding correct?
Page 2 of l0

ISH
lnd$$triss !-irxit*d
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
Rajshankar Ray:
It would sort of be in the range of 73%o to 17Yo I think that will be the ratio for Q2 as well.
Prasheel Gandhi:
One more question I had regarding the AC could you give like for full year how much would be
the AC contribution for FY 22-23 what we are expecting?
Rajshankar Ray
In volume terms for this year we are expecting between 350000 to 400000 ACs by number and if
you look at it in terms ofvalue then the average SKU value you could take it about 30000/-
Prasheel Gandhi:
Thank you. So what is the price hike you have taken in the AC segment?
Rajshankar Ray:
It is between 3Yo and 5%o.
Prasheel Gandhi:
For the AC segment?
Rajshankar Ray:
Yes
Prashecl Gandhi:
For rest of the products?
Rajshankar Ray
It is in the same range depending on the SKU or the particular model, etc. The overall range is in
this range.
Prasheel Gandhi: 
Okay. Thanks Sir. I will get back in the queue.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gori frorn Equirus Securities. Please go
ahead,
Manoj Gori
Thanks for the opportunity and good aftemoon everyone. My first question would be on the
washing machine side like how we have done during the quarter versus the industry and what has
been the competitive intensity and how do we look at the competitive intensity in the coming time?
Rajshankar Ray:
In terms of the volume growth for the first quarter if you look at growth percentage over the last
year the growth is healthy. If you look at in terms of the competitive intensity then specifically a
player like Samsung has been extremely aggressive in terms of pricing in the market over the last
two quarters and going forward we would expect this sort of aggressive posturing to remain and
that is our understanding, so in tenns of competitive intensity in temrs of number of players it
remains the same but one or two players taking a very aggressive posture to gain shares I think that
will rernain the same going forward as it has been for the last two quarters or so.
In this case like during the second halfobviously we should be having some RM benefit, so as you
are saying like the competitive intensity will continue to stay and is going to stay here so in that
case they definitely would be passing on the RM benefit so is that understanding correct and
accordingly we also need to follow that?
Manoj Gori:
Page 3 of 10

ffiNIT
lndustrips *-imited
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
We have to wait and see. If you see what has happened over the last year-and-a-half approximately
we all know that the material cost increase was anywhere between 13o/o and 160/o and that was true
for everyone but if you look at the two main players their price change in the market was between
4%o and 60% so there was a significant amount of the material cost percentage which was subsidized
or addressed in some other manner. Now my own personal understanding is that remains as
something to be observed, so if you see our price increase it is more or less in line with the raw
material increase so going forward when the commodity prices begin to ease from this quarter
onwards whether that will be used by the other players to address that segment of material cost
which was not addressed or will it be used for fuither aggression in the market we have to wait and
see. My own understanding is that the aggression level will not increase it will remain similar
because there is a large financial portion which has not been addressed by them. Does that answer
your question?
Yes, but on the flip side if you look at you have taken price hikes in line with the overall impact
but if you look at the segmental margins for home appliances that has definitely deteriorated over
the period of time so if you look at there have been quarters where we have reported high single
digit to double digit margins as well and over if you look at last five to six quarters especially when
the RM inflation has definitely kicked in our margins have deteriorated significantly and if we have
taken the price hikes then what is the reason foi this rnargin deterioration?
So what has happened is that if you look at the last 12 months the price increases we made were
delayed because we were unable to pass through the full impact primarily because of the position
that the two main players took so we have taken the percentage increases but they came maybe a
quarter late or two quarters late, so as on date what we are doing is that as far as the market pricing
is concemed we have taken the percentage equivalent or more than what was the price increase at
the commodity level but what we are also doing now is that we have an intemal material cost
reduction programme to get back through the margin profiles that we had for example the reference
that you took of the quarter where we had double digit margins which was the third quarter of FY
2020-2021 that is what we have benchmarked and the material cost reduction programme we have
in place is to get back to that level.
So in this case ifyou look at so probably now you are seeing like overall from Q2 onwards at least
on sequential basis we can see significant improvement on the profitability side?
Rajshankar Ray: 
That is our intemal target yes
Manoj Gori:
Already ifyou look at we have crossed roughly around 30 to 40 days ofthis quarter so broadly you
are confident that this would improve significantly on sequential basis?
The reason I am saying this is that if you look at our margin profile and results of Q 1 of the previous
year and you also look at the last Q4 that we had you will see that there is some improvement that
has already happened in Ql because ofthose cost reduction related things that we have been doing
Rajshankar Ray:
Page 4 of 10

ITFIT
lndustries Lir*ited
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
Yes.
Manoj Gori
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
so if you see on a sequential basis also Q3, Q4, Ql of this year you will see the improvement. If
you see it with respect to Ql of last year also you will see some improvement so we have just have
to now complete the entire material cost reduction exercise which has been kicked in.
Sir secondly what I understand that during Ql IFB has relatively grown faster than the industry
and on the other side we have taken higher than larger two players of the industry giants with
regards to price hikes so what was the key reason for that market share increase?
If you remember what we have been discussing also in our previous calls is that we have a large
channel extraction agenda which we have been working on for let us say the last year-and-a-half
or so which was having a large number of retailers not extracting enough from them in terms of
using the current product range we have more intelligently in terms of what to place, where to fight
against, the relevant competition, etc., so the growth ofthe gain in market share that you have seen
is coming because our extaction from the channel side has begun to show results for the work that
is being done over the last four or five quarters basically.
Right. Understood and lastly on the AC side so obviously when you look at versus the base quarter
obviously that was distorted base we have done extremely well so when you say about 3.5 to 4
lakh units so roughly 1.5 lakhs to 1.75 lakhs will be our own branded sales and the rest would be
as an OEM model?
Our estimate is that about 2.5 lakhs or 2.3 lakhs is going to be IFB brand sales for this year and the
remaining will be the OEM.
Okay so far looking at the first quarter performance obviously the numbers looks extremely
encouraging in sales part so we remain confident based on the order book and based on the visibility
for IFB branded sales so we remain confident for these 3.5 to 4 lakh units?
Sorry to take it bit longer. Lastly on the washing machine sales how is the current environment
with regards to consumer demand do you see any slowdown because there have been rnultiple
categories where there has been some pressure on the consumer purchases so in July and August
what are the early trends that you are picking up and how do you see demand for the upcoming
festive season because even ifyou look at last year probably for the category festive season was
not so encouraging so that would be my last question Sir?
This is an interesting question because the months of May and June in terms of customer offtake
has been subdued The first festival or the start ofthe so called festival season is Onam and ifyou
look at the general feeling about how the customer movement will be or the early hends most of
the retailers and the market seems to be confident that things will be as estimated. If you look at it
specifically from IFB point of view then we have two agenda one is of course the festival demand
Rajshankar Ray:
Page 5 of 10

ffiTIT
lnd$s*.fies Limited
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
Prabir Chatterjee:
Manoj Gori:
Anand Reddy
Manoj Gori
Moderator:
Bhargav Buddhadev:
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
and hamessing the demand. The other is that even if the demand is a little subdued as some people
are expecting it to be broad basing extraction from the channel that we have gives us more than
adequate growth that we require. So personally I do not believe that there will be a problem on the
season demand because there is a lull normally before the season so there is nothing unusual per
se about this but for us the demand from the normal season trend that getting more growth like we
have done for example in Ql by broad basing channel growth we have two agendas both equally
important for us. Have I been able to answer your question?
Yes Sir. That was very helpful and lastly on the capex side what are we planning for home
appliances and other business category?
For capex per se as of now there is no significant capex required, As far as capex for the large
projects for the next year those are being re-evaluated and they will be intemally assessed maybe
in this quarter so whatever is decided I think in the next quarter we will be able to let everyone.
For the engineering side of the business Mr. Chatterjee and Mr. Das can answer it.
No capex for Engineering division other than normal routine capex. Motor division there is BLDC
project with Rs.40 crore as capex.
On this BLDC how do we see the overall scale, market opportunity, what could be the margin profile
because obviously this seems to be the trend going forward like probably for the next two to three
years at least there would be larger shift happening from your traditional induction motors to your
BLDC motors so any update or outlook over there?
In the installed capacities that we are installing would be around I million motors for washing
machine BLDC and I million motors for air conditioner BLDC and we are targeting both domestic
as well as overseas customers and the margins would be somewhere around 8olo to l2%o.
Right. Got it Sir. That was very helpful. Thanks a lot Prabir Sir, Rajshankar Sir. Thanks a lot
everyone.
Thank you. The next question is fron the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Fund.
Please go ahead.
Good atternoon team and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the gross margin in
the AC business is it possible to separately tell us what is the gross margin which we are making in
the AC business?
As of now AC margins is lower than other product & we are working on this to improve t.he margin
and we do not give any guidance on margin . You can talk to me later on please.
Rajshankar Ray: 
My suggestion would be that you could speak to Mr. Chatterjee please separately on this.
Prabir Chatterjee:
Page 6 of 10

ISIt
Rajshankar Ray
Bhargav Buddhadev: So our guidance would be to make losses in FY2023 or breakeven?
Rajshankar Ray:
Breakeven.
Bhargav Buddhadev: Because earlier we were looking at being profitable I guess in FY2023?
lndrstries l-irnit*d
Bhargav Buddhadev
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Rajshankar Ray:
Bhargav Buddhadev:
Rajshankar Ray
Bhargav Buddhadev:
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
In the first quarter if I look at your press release we made a loss of about 21 Crores in the AC
business at the PBT level so given that first quarter is typically the best quarter in a year how
confident are we that we would be profitable this year in the AC business?
The issue of the margin profile of the AC business was a very large problem in the previous
financial year it has reduced in Ql but it remains the problem so the material cost reduction plan
or the new range plan that we made our internal target is that in Q4 of this year we would have
finished this issue and this will remain a challenge in Q2 and Q3 but we are working to eliminate
this issue of losses but this will be fully fixed in Q4 of this year.
Yes that is right that is still the attempt but in any case as per the plan that we have detailed the
bear minimum will be what I just told you of course we are working to improve this.
Okay so in this guidance where we are sort of looking at huge rarnp up are we expecting any more
signups or we are assuming that these three OEMs will oniy help us to bring that volume.
The estimates are based on the current customer base, if we do place other customers with whom
discussions are going on then that is incremental over this number.
Okay understood. Any plans to ramp up further capacity in AC or we are happy with the current
500000 odd capacity?
Ifyou look at the ramp up beyond 500000 that will require additions oftooling at the supplier end,
the plant going from single shift into two shifts, some equipments running three shifts, so the
response time for that is not very large so right now our immediate focus for let us say the next
tlrree quarters of this fiscal year is to ensure that we run the plant at 100%o capacity utilization or
maybe 110, 115, a step beyond that we will evaluate maybe towards the middle of fourth quarter.
Lastly Sir is it possible to elaborate what steps are we taking to reduce this material cost in the AC
business?
The rnaterial cost reduction plan comes on the heads of service one is the electronics where we
have localized the design and manufactudng completely within India; however, there is
Rajshankar Ray:
Bhargav Buddhadev: How many customers now would we be servicing in the OEM market for AC?
Rajshankar Ray:
Three customers.
Rajshankar Ray:
Page 7 of 10

KTII
lndustriFF Lirrited
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
opportunity for cost reduction through consolidation what I mean is that we have the electronics
sourcing for our present washer business and now we have the sourcing for the AC business ifwe
combine both together the source then the volume will be bigger and therefore we should get much
better pricing so this is one agenda. The second agenda is in terms ofthe value engineering around
the AC including product planning so let us say you have L5 ton three star configuration what can
you do to reduce the material cost of that and also to create I .5 ton four star conhguration where
the realization would improve but the material cost would probably not change that much so the
heads of basically the material cost reduction programme are on consolidation with the existing
purchase of the washer business and the second around VAVE which is the design led savings
these are two heads.
Bhargav Buddhadev: Is currency a risk for us, currency depreciation?
Rajshankar Ray:
The currency depreciation is definitely a risk. Currently we have built the value chain structures at
Rs.80 to a dollar. If there is a swing of Rs.l here and there it is something that can be managed but
should the rupee depreciate to something like 82 or 83 then there is definitely risk sitting there if
we are unable to recover that from the market. There is a currency risk definitely sitting.
Bhargav Buddhadev: Ifthe cunency appreciates does it benefit or we pass it on?
Rajshankar Ray
The irnpact of currency depreciation till about a year-and-a-half, two years back was something
that the market would accept. Over the last year, year-and-a-half the whole acceptability of the
pricing in the market against the commodity rise including forex rise has been something which
has been difhcult that is what we all experienced.
Bhargav Buddhadev: Okay Sir thank you for the answers and all the very best.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities.
Please go ahead.
Question regarding the B ratings which were implanted from July 1,2022 so what is the cost
increase for a portfolio posts these B ratings could you throw some light on that?
The platfomr that we had was already quite optimized so we have moved into the new range energy
certification with not too much of a material cost impact so let us say it would be in the range for
midline models of between Rs.300 and Rs.500 per AC the impact for us has been low. That is a
part ofwhat is being produced and positioned in terms ofprice and specification from July onwards
in any case so that has been factored into the planning for the business.
Prasheel Gandhi:
That is very helpful and secondly on the imports what percentage of our raw materials do we
import?
You are talking about the overall business or air conditioner?
Moderator:
Prasheel Gandhi:
Rajshankar Ray:
Rajshankar Ray
Page 8 of 10

TTFII
lrtdustri*s I*inT i{.ed
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
Prasheel Gandhi
Both.
Prabir Chatterjee:
It is different for different products. Import for FL is l8%, TL is 31Yo, AC as of now is 45%. The
traded products are imported.
Prasheel Gandhi:
One question on the cost saving programme if I were to look at the margin profile from a medium
term so what would be like post implementation of this cost savings programme?
Rajshankar Ray:
So as I have said a little while before the benchmark intemally that we have taken is the third
quarter of FY2020-2021 and that is what we are internally working towards.
Prasheel Gandhi:
To reach this kind of margin?
Rajshankar Ray:
The intemal programme that we have taken is something that has to be completed in Q4 this fiscal.
Prasheel Gandhi
Okay. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kuvam Chugh from Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC
Capital. Please go ahead.
Kuvam Chugh
Good aftemoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Is there anything we can do on the operational cost
liont to optimize margins further or are we fairly optimized in that Iiont?
Prabir Chatterjee
If you see the change in the operating cost from the last quarter to this quarter is mainly variable
in nature & that ltas happened because of the service expenses due to AC installation and service
consumption. The other operating expenses are in line and we are working the scope for reduction
in different element ofcost in operating expenses.
Kuvam Chugh:
The advertising and promotion spend for the last fiscal year was around 6.5o% of revenue is that
what we are expecting for the next few years as well?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Spent on sales promotion during ist qtr. was 1.95%
Kuvam Chugh
On full fiscal what are we expecting?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
As indicted earlier we do not give any forward guidance on Margin.
Rajshankar Ray
Yes that is right.
Finally what would be the breakeven volumes for our AC business what volume would we have
to get for plant utilization?
Kuvam Chugh:
Page 9 of 10

ni'ffi
Moderator:
lndilstries Llslted
IFB Industries Limited
August 05, 2022
Rajshankar Ray:
If we look at this number with the complete material cost reduction programme implemented then
the breakeven volumes would be in the range of around 15000 ACs in a month so let us say 200000
to 225000 kind of number.
Kuvam Chugh:
Just one more question when we do value engineering on our appliances is there a quality method
in terms of the finished product going to the customers?
Rajshankar Ray
No, not at all.
Kuvam Chugh
Alright thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference over to
members of the management for closing comments.
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Thank you all forjoining the call.
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.
Page 10 of 10
