Date: 10.08.2022 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), 
Mumbal -4UUU51 
NSE Symbol- DATAPATTNS 
To 
BSE Limited 
25'h Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code: 543428 
Sub: Disclosure under SEel (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015-
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Further to our earlier intimation regarding the earnings call to be held on Wednesday, 03,d August, 2022 
for the Unaudited rinancial flesu lts for the quarter ended JO'h June, 2022, ple~se find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of the same. 
The transcript of the earnings call as well as the audio is also available on website of the Company. You are 
requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
Thanking YOLI . 
For Data Patterns (India) Limited 
~., 
Manvi Bhasin 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl as above 
DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Indus Teqsite Pvt. Ltd.) 
Plot H9, Fourth Main Road, SIPCOT IT Park, Siruseri 
Off Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR) Channai - 603 103 
Tel: ,·9144 47414000 I fwc +9144474'14444 
Webs itA: www.rtatapRttArnF:india com 
CIN: L 72200TN1998PLC061236 
BENGALURU· HYOERABAD· NI:W LJI:LHI • THIHUVANANTHAPURAM 

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Data Patterns India Limited Q1 FY-23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. RANGARAJAN - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, DATA PATTERNS INDIA LIMITED 
MS. REKHA MURTHY RANGARAJAN - WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR; DATA PATTERNS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VENKAT SUBRAMANIAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, DATA PATTERNS INDIA LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN - GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Data Patterns India Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Monali Jain from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Data Patterns India Limited earnings call 
to discuss the Q1 FY23 results. We have on the call, Mr. S. Rangarajan, – Chairman and 
Managing Director; Ms. Rekha Murthy Rangarajan, – Whole Time Director; and Mr. Venkat 
Subramanian – Chief Financial officer. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that company faces. May 
I now request Mr. Rangarajan to take us through the company’s business outlook and financial 
highlights subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Monali. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for joining us today 
for our Q1 FY23 earnings conference call. I hope you would have seen the results presentation 
which has been uploaded on the exchanges and on our website. 
While Venkat will take you through the results, I want to briefly touch upon the key highlights 
for this quarter. Despite Q1 being a seasonally weak quarter, we have delivered a strong revenue 
growth. 
Our revenues have almost doubled on a year-on-year basis and the profitability has increased 
1.4 times. And looking at the quarter 1 results closely, you will see that the gross volumes have 
been maintained around 64% to 65%. There is a dip in EBITDA margins on account of 
seasonality of the business. 
Another key thing to notice, the development contracts and the production contracts have 
contributed equally to the revenue this quarter. This is an important highlight because 
development contracts provide a good visibility for our future revenues. Our order book position 
is strong and continues to grow. 
As on date, our order book stands at Rs. 664 crores. We have close to Rs. 340 crores of order 
where negotiations have been completed. Out of these, we have also received the letter of intent 
for orders worth around Rs. 174 crores. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Once the contract negotiations are completed or converted to orders, our order book will cross 
Rs. 1,000 crores, which will be highest in the history of Data Patterns. During Q1 we had an 
order inflow for Rs. 4,456 million of production contracts. 
Some of the key contracts received were, one, Avionics contract for Rs. 183 million from HAL. 
Avionics contact from DRDO of Rs. 104 million. A large order for electronic warfare from 
DRDO worth Rs. 18 million. 
The other category has been ATE and Naval Systems where we have received orders worth Rs. 
7 million and Rs. 10 million, respectively. We are a long-term debt free company and I utilized 
the proceeds from the IPO to pay off the debt and also expand our manufacturing facilities in 
Chennai. 
The new facility is required to handle full system contracts and also to augment the production 
and testing infrastructure to ease our operations. The system integration facility is already being 
used and the remaining portion will be completed in the next 2 to 3 months. Data Pattern is now 
well recognized for its R&D, engineering and execution capabilities. 
Every part that we manufacturer is designed within our country and within our company, 
resulting in an integrated operation that maximizes value addition. We are focused on building 
complete systems. It immediately graduate itself into an exclusively with companies we are not 
merely component manufacturers but provide complete solutions. 
There are many macro factors supporting a strong growth for us. We believe we are strategically 
positioned to benefit from this growth opportunity and are confident of delivering our credit 
guidance of 25% to 30% revenue growth in the FY23 and maintaining high gross margins. 
With this, I will hand over to Venkat for his comments. Venkat? 
Venkat Subramanian: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We are happy to inform you that we have 
delivered a strong quarter. I would like to take you all through the financial performance of the 
company for the quarter and gone by. 
Our revenues in Q1, almost doubled year-on-year to Rs. 68 crores and its development contracts 
contributed to 45% and production contributed to 40% to the revenue. Gross margin for the 
quarter maintained at 65% sequentially. And EBITDA margins at 31% in Q1. 
Our interest expenses were minimal Rs. 2 crores having fully paid our debts. PAT during the 
quarter stood at Rs. 14 crores at a growth of 38% year-on-year and the EPS at Rs. 2.70. We have 
spent around Rs. 45 crores till now for the new facility and the cash in the books as of end of 
quarter 1 stands at Rs. 116 crores. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
Overall, this quarter’s performance was strong generating record revenues in Q1. Q4 is still a 
significant quarter, but we can see seasonality coming down gradually. With this, we will open 
the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
First question is on the order inflow which you have received a post 30th June because it looks 
like you have won Rs. 211 crores worth more order. Can you help us understand where these 
orders have come from? Number one, and also where you writing in your presentation that you 
are in a negotiation stage with of Rs. 300 crores worth order more, it will be helpful if you can 
help us understand what are the programs where these orders are coming from? 
S. Rangarajan: 
There are two large orders which we have finalized being L1. India for the first time is 
developing a space surveillance radar, this is for deep space surveillance for our defence. And 
for the first time, DRDO has contracted this as a complete radar to be developed, not just the 
electronic piece parts which we normally do, and they do integration radar. 
So, we were fortunate that we were lowest quote in both the contracts. So, one contract was 
signed on Monday, which is about Rs. 189 crores. The other contract is going to get signed 
where negotiations have been completed is about Rs. 173 crores, which is what we mentioned 
that we have paid 100-odd crores. We have completed negotiations awaiting order. 
We received LOI for this. The order is expected this week or next week. So, there are two large 
orders on a complete radar. The important thing on these orders is that this is only a scaled down 
prototype of the actual radar, which has to go to deep space surveillance. 
The final radar value is expected to be a few thousand crores each, so this is a start. Once we 
build the system, hopefully we will do the large systems as required by Indian Defence. 
So, it is a very important milestone for us to get both the radar an entire system, including 
building construction everything we will be doing ourselves. This is a very, very important 
milestone for us with these two radars. 
And this is part of the Rs. 600 crores which we told you already received the orders. That is Rs. 
400 crores we already had on hand by end of June. During the first quarter we receive some Rs. 
40 odd crores which I explained on the start of the presentation today and then we received this 
Rs. 180 crores or Rs. 190 crores orders plus a few other orders we received plus the smaller from 
various organization we have received. 
Yet to receive is this Rs. 174 crores, which is going to be another radar of the lower frequency 
band, which again is going to be very, very large maybe 20 times or more size of this contract 
once the larger orders comes. The other things you’re expecting contracts are for the Avionics 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
where negotiation is completed for LCA Mk 1A within the cockpit display. Negotiation has 
completed on Saturday. It is about Rs. 75 crores, so we expect the contract to happen in the next 
coming weeks. 
Similarly, we have inquiries for mission systems for LCA. Again, we developed this long back. 
We are replacing important systems there, so those orders are also expected to Rs. 60 cores. We 
also finalized the L1 and negotiation has been completed for autonomous weapons autoloader 
for an autonomous battle tank. 
And also the order is expected to be Rs. 31 crores. So, all in all, similarly BrahMos, the Fire 
Control System negotiations we completed, so order is expected nearly Rs. 60 crores. So, these 
are all together makes this Rs. 1,000 crores, which I talked about in the earning call. 
Nitin Arora: 
Just to elaborate a little bit and I am sorry I am dwelling on the order wise. The state surveillance 
order, both one which you have received and one which we are in negotiation, this is for the 
army or this is for which segment the low frequency radar as well? 
S. Rangarajan: 
one is we have completed the negotiations. We were L1 and negotiations completed about a 
couple of months back and the order is expecting any time now. Point 2 is this is not army or 
navy; this is being done by DRDO as a development contract with another foreign partner or 
consultant. 
But the radar is to be realized in India, the full design being done by us so we will do the full 
design of the radar and co-design with DRDO and post this development is done I do not know 
MOD will probably place the order for a larger radar or how it will go. We do not know, but 
here the one difference is unlike most DRDO contracts, the parts are ordered and integration is 
done by them. Here it will be the full radar, including integration, so that is the highlight of this, 
and this is going to be a very large radar going ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
This is quite interesting, sir, because I think that was you were telling everyone that the complete 
radar integration we will do one day, so I think that's what the order has come for. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, the only thing we have been doing it on our own for MOD tenders and ISRO tenders where 
we are allowed to build full systems. For DRDO we are already doing all of electronics, but the 
radar integration is never done by us. This one opportunity which came, we said that this we 
need to do because this is our core competency, we have to build the system and the future radar 
is going to be huge, really huge, larger radar will be probably done in India. 
So, that is important to us and very, very happy that we could back this contract and a lot of 
effort is going on in next two years to make this real. 
Nitin Arora: 
And then just lastly before I come back in the queue, the Avionics order of LCA Mk 1, you said 
there are two orders. One is for Avionics and one more order. Now if you can help us clarify 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
because one order I remember for the newer MK1 they want to put the electronic warfare system 
from an Indian entity rather the domestic part and as well as the avionics and radar part. Now, 
can you help us understand what is this Rs. 73 crores have come from which system for LCA 
and the Rs. 60 crores one? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See we are not talking EWR radar here. These are all done by us way back in 2005. We have 
designed the cockpit display for LCA and what is flying in LCA is our systems. And based on 
that for the additional orders about a few 100 pieces they have ordered now. Negotiation is going 
on for many months, it is got finalized Saturday, so that we will be delivering. 
Second is the mission computer, which have been actually imported all along. We have replaced 
that and we delivered some 200 systems, 200 hardware boards last year to DRDO and to HAL. 
Further orders we have received now and some more inquiries have come and similar tender for 
that around 500 odd pieces, Rs. 753 crores orders we should get. 
So, these are all single tender orders because based on earlier design products which we are 
getting for this program. Coming back to the first part of your question on EW and RWR. We 
have delivered a solar RWR to DRDO. Now they are expected in the LPA and it is flight testing 
is happening on that, so we will solve this successful. The expectation is that will be fitted into 
the LCA Mk 1A and other fighter platforms. 
We are also expecting contracts on (Inaudible 14:13) and other variants so that this can do. Also 
in LCA Mk 1Awe have done a smaller version for Mk1A to do form fit inside the space available 
there and also we are expecting contract. 
But these are all not actually these are all future contracts are expected, but the basic version we 
have delivered is already flying in MCA and the flight testing is happening, so based on success 
of the test we expect additional orders to happen, but that is not part of projections today because 
we have not projected that as part of the Rs. 1,000 crores is not part of it. 
As far as the radar is concerned, we presently are not in that area. We are expecting we want to 
get into this, but at the present moment we are not contributing the radar, which you are talking. 
Nitin Arora: 
Okay. Because there were news in media that the new LCA Mk 1, there might be an Uttam radar 
which they might go ahead with which generally I think extra microwave mix. Any comment 
on that or we just got confused in that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
That is also on testing. That is what India wants to. So, it is on testing, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So, my first question is regarding the margins. I think you had guided for 65% to 70% gross 
margins that the company should clock going forward and one should not look at last year 
margins as a barometer. And also you made a comment in previous calls that you would this 
high margins in certain contracts will be used to bid for new contracts, large value contracts at 
some aggressive prices. 
So, how should we look at the gross margin profile going forward? Do you think on a blended 
basis, we will still be in that 65% to 70% gross margin range? Or with these large value 
integration orders this gross margin range would come down much lower. If you could give 
some more color on that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
As we said last year last call, I think this year quarter projections will be aimed at a 65% gross 
margin for this year at the enhanced sales whatever the guidance we have given we will try to 
do that. I have not comment for next year yet and second the orders which is coming now some 
of them are executable this year, but last part of the contracts we are talking this Rs. 300 crores, 
Rs. 400 crores we will get, or Rs. 600 or Rs. 500 crores will get executed next year. 
So, there is a timeline for the contracts. So, this will not affect this year performance in terms of 
gross margin for the time being. To answer your another question system integration contracts, 
yes, what happens is while we retain the electronic design which we do equipment design, we 
do retain, some healthy gross margin above 60% normally we keep even because a lot of design 
effort goes and IP goes into this. 
What happens when we integrate big systems when you buy generators in big buildings and you 
put structures, obviously we cannot add 60% to that and we expect to be L1. It is not really 
practical, so we need to look at their program point of view and take a call. Not necessary, only 
in gross line, what is competitive numbers. But going ahead what happens? Let us take these 
two contracts and we scale this 20 times radar. This is only scaled on radar. 
The next radar is going to be 15 to 20 times bigger, each radar. So, we do that. Then what really 
scarce is the electronics and then the building and all other things is separate construction really 
happens to it. 
So, at that level we have protected our systems and so that tomorrow when scale happens, we 
have reasonable margins, obviously with size of business, margins may be different and what 
we are more looking at is revenue growth and bottom line growth, not particular margin on each 
vendor, each part is not, a particular margin is necessary on equipment which you do, because a 
lot of IP goes into development and are we competitive in an international scale with what we 
are quoting is what we are seeing. 
Because we reinvest on the development and continue to build the product as a product over the 
next 7 to 10 years time. So, we need the margins to drive the business, but our system integration 
contracts like this, obviously we have to be competitive. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
But what I can say is as the revenue grows our bottom line also will grow, we are not taking 
revenue at the cost of the bottom line. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
That is fairly understood. What I was trying to understand is these two orders which you have 
received, broadly what would be the electronics portion or this is primarily electronics and only 
bought out typically what are the margins? Are they low single digits, are they are in early double 
digit? If you could just give us some sense that could help us assess the gross margins for these 
orders? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I prefer to give an estimate for next year, not contract price, because these are sensitive 
information and we do not want this distributor know how I quote for which contracts from the 
competitors. I hope you understand. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
I understood on that front. Second question was on the ratio that you typically shared on the 
single vendor contracts versus the competitively won contracts. So, for this year, how do you 
see that ratio? Typically, the 60% to 70% of our contracts for one on single vendor basis. If you 
could give some more color on FY23 order inflows how that would look? 
And second part to that is also on the export space. We have been reading in news a lot of these 
LCA and BrahMos and other systems will be exported. So, what is the order pipeline on the 
export front? Those are the two final questions. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay, see most of the contracts we get are single vendor which is a predictable business for us 
and that is what we plan for future what order we are getting so pipeline or project and the 
business plan we make internally is all based on largely single vendor contracts. 
Because when you go for a competitive bid, we do not know whether it is a 01 situation. So, we 
don't really predict on that. But good thing is, today we also have one single competitive bids 
and that is a sizable bids have been won by us in few case situations, which is good. 
So, that is also adding to our overall thing, because of the large contract we've got, our single 
vendor contracts we are talking about 50% to 60% will be single vendor contracts and the rest 
is competitive bid. 
But all the projections for this year in terms of Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 500 crores, as I said for FY22-
23 order intake or January to FY23 end I had made some projections last year, that does not 
include this Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 500 crores of competitive bids. So, what really is going to happen 
is I think we will exceed our order intake projections given in the last call last year. 
So, that is what is happening, but to answer your questions about 55% to 60% or 50% to 60% 
single vendor contracts. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
And in exports, I think we should do about 10% exports this year and we are discussion with 
started this more. So, we got an order for about £0.5 million order last month. We are expecting 
those contracts to happen. And more countries are talking to us in terms of development 
requirements. 
So, hopefully with time it will grow, but today it's about 10% of our revenue. And the third part 
is export on BrahMos and things like that. We've already finalized the contract with them. That 
is expected about Rs. 60 crores which is to be coming. 
I am giving you a wholesome numbers, not exact numbers, but this is for Fire Control System 
which we have designed but BrahMos will stay starting back to 2002. So, the order keeps coming 
and there are more requirements from naval base Of India and also is coming. 
But it is not an export. We delivered. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
We delivered to BrahMos only. BrahMos in turn deliver it as a full system, export it as a full 
system. For us it is only a domestic sale. 
S. Rangarajan: 
And MCA as you know, I don't think there's any export order. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay, and just if you don't mind, could you disclose these two large orders which you won under 
competition? Who were the other bidders and what could have been the price differential 
between yourself and the others? Could you give some color there? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Firstly, I don't have full data. I know the competitors but I do not have full data what is the L2 
price because they didn't disclose the price. While our price had disclosed with competitors 
because they had to negotiate with us, they did not disclose. 
So, I have a guesstimate but not the exact numbers. Is that relevant here? You can always I can 
talk to you one on one and give you that data. 
Maybe I can take. Sandeep, I will also tell you the major competitors were L&T, Bharat 
Electronics, Tata. These are the kinds of companies who quoted there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, I wanted to understand on the Rs. 211 crores order inflow which we have received post 30th 
June, would the orders be mostly on the development side? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, whatever we received on first quarter, this radar is a development contract, but that is after 
this quarter only we receive. First quarter we received is about Rs. 45 crores mostly as a repeat 
production orders, these are not development contracts. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
The bigger orders we now are all development contracts, but whatever we've already received 
are not development contracts. This is already done and earlier delivered, which are repeat 
contract for us. 
Akshay Kothari:  
I am talking about the post first quarter, 30th June? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, post first quarter the two, three large contracts are development contracts which is the two 
radars, space surveillance and one for the tank’s automatic loader for the tank. These are 
development contracts but other than that for the avionics and for BrahMos etcetera, whatever 
we got for communications and all that, these are all production contracts because already we've 
delivered this earlier so it's a production or repeat order for us. 
Akshay Kothari: 
On the developmental order side, I'm assuming that our order execution cycle and working 
capital cycle, both are little bit different because the thing is in development, we have facilities 
like stage finance thing and we also avail some non fund facility. 
So, even if our order executions cycle may look a little bit elongated our working capital cycle 
is not that elongated. Am I right in that assumption? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, all the development contracts I think most are 30% advance and there's also stage payment 
on part deliveries also there against bank balance. So, mostly in non-funds we are getting money 
in this and both these orders will be two-year delivery cycle, 18 months for delivery. 
So, next year it has to get delivered. On the production contracts so-called there also we can 
advance. These are DRDO and BrahMos contracts and even HAL contracts though it's a repeat 
contract, we are getting some advance there also, so those are upfront also there. So, the cash 
flow is not a problem, we get, we can advance and we can deliver part delivery and during part 
delivery we get payment for the delivered parts. So, there is a stage wise delivery and a stage 
wise collection, so it's not a problem. Whatever contact we received till now there is not an issue 
on these things. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay, so the guidance which we gave of maintaining 280 to 300 days of working capital remains 
intact, right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, what's happening is it maybe we are trying to do the debtors cycles are coming down but 
what is happening is our components stock material inventory is going up. This is mostly 
because we are taking some proactive steps to see that though the contract is a long term, we're 
ordering materials ahead of time because there is a problem with the electronic components, 
electronic components, suddenly we find that the scheduled delivery gets extended and that will 
get extended on the month of delivery or the week of delivery, which puts us a lot of considerable 
risk on producing and delivering where all the material is available. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
So, we are now taking more important things that we need to deliver. So, we have started 
stocking materials so our inventory holding is going up. But on the whole, the debtors are coming 
down, so this is because of the business cycle today Covid, post-COVID, issues on electronic 
components. The intent is to see that cash flows are there and working capital cycles are brought 
down. 
Akshay Kothari: 
And so on the revenue guidance, the 25%, 30% revenue guidance, as per my calculations would 
this guidance be more on a conservative side? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay, see, we would like to retain the guidance the way it is, bit conservative, maybe but redirect 
at the present moment because these are project deliverables, there are some development 
contacts some development delays will be there or inspection delays. Some component does not 
come so we want to ensure that whatever guidance we give, we exceed on the guidance. So, that 
is why we are maintaining the guidance as needed. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
And these large value orders are all deliverable only after 18 to 24 months. So, that way it is, I 
mean, this year it is going to be almost same 25%, 30% is sustainable. Going forward, we may 
revise the guidance if in case we think it appropriate. 
Akshay Kothari: 
And sir, in the investor presentation you have mentioned that Rs. 300 crores of further orders 
are expected in FY23 in the 30th of June investor presentation. So, post that we have received 
Rs. 211 crores. So, we would be expecting another Rs. 100 crores that way? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, we should expect, I told you know these kind of tender bids, we don't really cannot consider 
for the projection earlier days. So, these have come now, so I think we will exceed guidance on 
the order intake for FY23 will go up. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
Yes it will go up by further Rs. 300 crores is what we have made it in the presentation. 
Akshay Kothari: 
That's very good. And my last question would be on the innovation. So, you did mention about 
radar. So, what I would like to know is, on the newer product side, basically on the innovation 
part. Which are the new products which are in the pipeline and where are we planning to go with 
that? If you could give a sense of that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We are trying to do a whole range in radars. On airborne radars we started designing airborne 
radar. We have already delivered one to DRDO, which is flight tested in Dornier. There is a 
Dornier upgrade program may be post that it is happening so towards that we already started 
development of an airborne radar which has got a good likelihood of requirements in India. 
So, then we are also doing some work on the radios. We've delivered the first few pieces for 
fighter aircraft, software defined radios to DRDO, where they're putting the waveforms and then 
it's expected to be flight tested in HCF at the start and also other platforms going ahead. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
This is uniquely different because we're now importing from the file and where we meet all the 
specifications in terms of hardware. We also have local encryption Indian encryption to be added 
that also we have made provisions here to meets and exceeds all these specifications. 
We've already qualified the system for flight data reviews, so based on the flight test done by 
DRDO and acceptance, this can also go through other platforms. A variant of that also we 
received an order for a ground application on vehicle mounted applications that we received. 
The order we got a month back we could execute it in the next three to four months’ time. 
So, things variants of that we're trying to build. We're also doing a variant of that for radio relay 
for a surveillance UV application. I have been saying that we have not only to look at MoD but 
we also will have to do and India has to be self reliant and build more in India. We need to build 
Indian ecosystem towards that, the first part we will talk to a platform vendor and then doing 
parts of the equipment and all the aircraft equipment in India. 
We are planning to do far more aggressively those kind of equipment build, so which goes into 
their platform and then if they sell that platform, we start getting additional numbers. They are 
already started doing that. This is the second area. The third area is also we are working a lot of 
EW. 
We delivered last one year we have delivered a number of newer generation EW products it was 
from HF up to 40 gigahertz. An enormous range of products, all are very small footprint form 
factors which can get as a building block which can go to air, water, underwater you know 
ground all of them, it can go to all platforms. 
We expect that variance of that can get used in various applications, including MoD tenders. We 
are also looking at actively developing additional capabilities for macro and mini satellites 
including payload. 
That is another work we are doing where the entire system can get done. We're also working on 
some data links and waveforms for data link for line-of-sight applications. So, we do your host 
of stuff on product development from an Indian context, but it will be all positioned as an 
international product. 
See that equipments are designed in India rather than import technology and build manufacturing 
equipment here. The idea is to differentiate ourselves and be the equipment vendor. This is why 
we have 480 engineers working with us. We are scaling the engineering capability. 
We are recruiting more people and we've now really nearly 900 people. I think in the next few. 
months we will cross 1,000. We have recruited a lot of people. Second, we also created 
infrastructure. We're creating additional test infrastructure, equipment test infrastructure, and all 
of them. These are all keeping in line with what we have as a future vision to build state of art 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
internationally qualified kind of systems from India which can be export capable. So, we do a 
host of stuff on that, Akshay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from my IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
I just have one or two questions largely on the order inflow side. While you did mention of this 
new Rs. 200 crores of orders that we got in 2Q. Can you share some update on the large program 
for which you were expecting both in Himshakti as well as the other projects? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, see what has happened is last year when we went on the call I have said this year order 
intake will be these kinds of orders, Himshakti, (Inaudible) 34:36, etcetera. But there have been 
some delays. We thought the orders would be signed last year by Bharat Electronics and back-
to-back we should get some contracts but that got postponed. But what I hear from market is that 
there is any time about to be signed. We don't know what the any time is, it is your guess is as 
good as mine. But what we hear is it is going get done. So, back-to-back I think you're on a call 
with BEL, they should give you all clear indications of when it's going to get signed. 
Hopefully, after they sign we should start talking to them on the subsystems for, but I expect this 
to happen this calendar year. Second is on the Arudra again. Again I think they are in discussion 
or negotiation. The tender is already submitted many months back. 
So, again, BEL is in negotiations. Again what we hear is that there this that should be finalized 
and back-to-back order should also flow this year. These two orders. The third one is the LLTR, 
which is Ashwini. I think Air Force is starting to move the paperwork for AOM in that. So, there 
is lot of correspondence activity happening so this also should happen this year, at least take off 
this year and maybe contact happening next year, but these are all in the cards. There are other 
programs which we did not talk about was the NETRA 2, which is contract which has come for 
early warning radar. 
Aircrafts could get and already bought by DRDO Airbus A321 and they are upgrading the 
aircrafts to radars and electronic warfare and other things. So, we also should be playing a role 
in that. The size of role is as of now not clear, but we will play a role. 
So, those are the contracts which is happening. Staff development contract should happen this. 
Here it is again the other program for Dornier upgrade. Again some contracts may come to that 
in that order also. 
Again, size of contact this is not the time to talk about it. As and when it happens we will update 
you on the kind of contracts. But we are working towards all of them and it seems that there are 
quite a lot of activity happening. There are new radars which are being planned. Some activities 
happening. We already quoted and become L1 in one Air Force program upgrade, which is 
Aerostat, EW upgrade of Aerostat. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
That again we expect contract anytime now. And that's an exciting contract because it has 
(Inaudible) 37:11 of them and the full system upgrade will be with their version capability. 
All of them will do that gives a lot of confidence that what is originally imported is now 
completely being designed by an Indian company. That gives a lot of confidence to our services. 
We expect that these kind of contracts will be just starting to let India bloom as an equipment 
supplier which is world class. 
So, we are very focused on such contracts which will help us scale not just the business but on 
a competency model which is then it is worldwide you can go and sell. We can use India as a 
platform to validate give an international quality product here and take it global. This is our 
interest and these are all small orders, which is, I think, building block to see how we can be 
successful in future. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes, this Aerostat order which you mentioned these are L1. What would be the value or size of 
this project? 
S. Rangarajan: 
There's about Rs. 18 crores. 
Renu Baid: 
And just to round up the Rs. 300 crores order which you mentioned should come in the 
subsequent next 3-6 months. Essentially would include Himshakti, Arudra; these two projects 
together? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, we've not include Himshakti in that. No, even there Himshakti, I have not added Himshakti 
in that. There are some I don't want to say which contract because it's a bit premature, but I'm 
giving guidance of Rs. 300 crores. We can exceed that if Himshakti kind of thing happens, this 
can get exceeded, but I have not planned Himshakti in this year of course. 
Renu Baid: 
I am just trying to clarify. So, in 2Q we have already received Rs. 211 crores worth of orders 
which was over and above what we were indicating earlier. In addition, we have guided for 
another Rs. 300 crores worth of new orders in the next 6-9 months, which you're saying may 
not, as if Himshakti comes there could be positive upsides to this Rs. 300 crores of incremental 
orders in the second half of the current fiscal? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Correct. 
Renu Baid: 
Okay, so which is interesting. And lastly, if you look at the broad of issues of supply chains, 
semiconductors, how is the situation now versus last quarter? Have you seen material 
improvement? Are you seeing acceleration in project execution, including projects which were 
delayed, or you think some of these problems may continue to persist for some time? So, any 
comments on this? 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, see there is a general improvement, but certain types of component from some 
manufacturers are still slated 52 weeks and 60 weeks. What we are doing is placing orders and 
expecting improvement in the delivery schedules, but while placing orders they are not willing 
to commit any earlier timeframe. There are a few companies who are doing this. So, we are 
looking at alternates to in case it does not come, can we do a redesign of those parts, use some 
of the parts. So, those kinds of mitigation practices are following, but we do not want to do that 
all the time. So, we are placing orders ahead, hoping that the government will come, but yes in 
general the situation improved, but still there are specifics and issues and every single component 
has a problem, one component does not come we cannot deliver the product. So, from that 
perspective, we are very cautious and probably taking additional decisions to stock inventory. 
Renu Baid: 
Right and lastly, any developments to share on the space side, or you think it is still a little too 
early, and we may have something written later during the year rather than now? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, we are working on some, but it has not come to any situation where we can announce 
anything. 
Renu Baid: 
No problem sir. Good performance. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
First question is around the order book. I am slightly confused. Orders on hand is 663 crores and 
negotiated orders with LOI received is 174, negotiated and yet to receive LOI is 168. So, that is 
theoretically another 330, 340 crores possible? Are you saying there is another 300 crores over 
and above that or are you saying this is a 300 crores additionally over 663 crores plus whatever 
you could get from Himshakti, Arudra and Ashwini? 
S. Rangarajan:  
This is what Renu asked. What I am saying it is already negotiated contracts. The contracts 
expected probably this month, next month, maybe this month we should get all the contract with 
us. Already declared L1 and negotiations completed. So, with these contracts happening as I was 
saying that we will cross across into our order book, which is what has been given in the press 
release. But earlier, we had given guidance last year that we will do some 400-500 crores of 
order intake during the course of FY23. In that we are not catered for tender orders. What we 
have been given guidance was based on some of the larger orders, which has come coming based 
on single vendor contracts. So, there is the predictability. Only timelines get shifted and that is 
what we gave, but these are tender orders we got, which is a good thing. So, I retain that we still 
maintain that some of the new things that happened in the last few months where we believe the 
contracts will happen. So, I put additional under the 300 crores if possible during the course of 
FY23 is what we are seeing now and if Himshakti and some contract happened that will be a 
bonus. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Gagan Thareja: 
Great and also the 173 and 168 crores orders. Is this the surveillance radar order and low 
frequency bandwidth order, if got it correctly, or am I missing? 
S. Rangarajan:  
Yes these are two particular radars. One is an S-band and the other one is UHF what I call low 
frequencies, ultra-high frequency but that is about 6 times because we are doing 10 GHZ now. 
So, they are two separate orders. These are scaled down radars, you know probably 15 times 20 
times scaled down. To validate the radar performance everything else is a building block, design 
is common. Per scale the radar increase the number of building blocks so let’s say one two story 
building I do. It can be a 20-story building tomorrow. There, the radar get housed on the sidewall. 
So, the size of order is very large, it is going to deep space and tracking deep space requirements 
because I cannot talk about specific applications. I am not even authorized to understand this 
and working with DRDO on this, but the very fact that we are building different radar for them 
in the next 18-20 months is what we are supposed to deliver. So, those are two radars, which is 
very exciting for us. Because these are future technologies and the size of business can be very 
large tomorrow once we deliver the products and these will be integrated radar so the repeat 
requirements we believe hopefully will come to us. 
Gagan Thareja: 
So, the scaled down versions will be tested and validated and then the final full-scale radars will 
be ordered. If you could give us? 
S. Rangarajan:  
Do not know it is one or many. India is a large country with a large space to manage our space 
assets. So, we do not have an exact plan, how many will happen, but it will be sizable. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Right. So, what will be the timeline for testing and validating the scaled down versions? 
S. Rangarajan:  
Delivery is about 18-20 months and after that they will test it, but once the basic systems are 
functioning, they are saying that we will go ahead and start planning for the big radar because 
then really the big radar will take time because it is a very large very, very, very large system 
and probably the largest radar India will design, both the radars, individually largest radar. We 
are talking 1000s of kilometers to be tracked in some way. It is a large radar. So, they may take 
once the base systems are coming in picture. It depends on what government does send. The 
MoD is thinking to see something happening, maybe they will initiate it early or subsequent 
wait, I am not really at liberty to say that I have no public data on this, but it will happen. We 
are very-very scheduled to 18 months to 24 months. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay and the design of these radars is DRDO or is it your own design? 
S. Rangarajan:  
The architecture design is DRDO. We do all the subsystem design, electronic keys for PCB all 
of them we design. Of course, anything you design will be supervised and managed by DRDO 
and we design development but there will be final design authority but we are doing all the part 
design like we have been doing all along. We design all the antennas, all the radars everything 
the mechanical structures movement mechanism, everything we will design and of course 
validated by DRDO. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Gagan Thareja: 
Right and you indicated execution is 18 to 20 months for these orders and what would be the 
execution period for the 663 crores orders on hand. 
S. Rangarajan:  
All are in the next few years except the one order which can go to third year which is the cockpit 
display which is a clear order but we have an option to do early delivery also. So, we decide 
what we want to do whether to keep it third year or we can do it in second year. 
Gagan Thareja: 
So, the entire potential 1000 crore order book has an execution timeframe of 20 to 24 months 
S. Rangarajan:  
Yes. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Right and when you when you say you are moving into system integration orders. Is it first of 
all possible to understand all this 1000 crores how much I mean ballpark what proportion is 
system integration and what is simply pure product subsystems and so, on? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Largely except for these two radar which is building construction and all of those things and our 
system is an integrated radar system. The rest of all our systems of course, we have some 100 to 
200 crores condition our radar will deliver this year or next year a lot of mechanical stuff and all 
that in that but the design is fully ours in all of them. So, we call it as our own system but here 
there are bought outs in those things, which is not there on the order we are doing. So, largely 
except for 300 or 400 crores, 600 crores will be our own systems in the existing 1000 crores. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Since BEL is a large integrator of electronic systems for DRDO and MoD and so on. Are there 
gross margins representative of what system integration margins can look like? 
S. Rangarajan:  
See these are two flavors, Bharat Electronics gets most of the contracts on nomination basis. So, 
I really cannot say how they're pricing the product, because it is between government 
departments orders are done whereas when we call it is on a competitive basis. So, we need to 
look at that and price it accordingly. So, I will not be able to directly say their bottom line, those 
system integration has a bottom line which should expand, like 20% more than that or higher 
than that. That's not a statement I can make because I do not know how they make that margins 
really what contracts part is being done. They will look at product specific programs specific 
requirements take our call on what is competitive and what is accepting to us and make an order. 
So, it's very difficult and second is without competition you do, things will be very different. So, 
we cannot really compare like that. 
Gagan Thareja: 
On developmental contracts, you get 30% advances if I got it correctly. On production contracts 
what is the advances, integration orders, what's the advances like? 
S. Rangarajan:  
Without development you cannot say all are giving 30% because open tender comes they say no 
advance, more guaranteed people give us 3% and after delivery only we get money that also is 
there. But in these contracts in HAL we have a 30% advance and some on the production a repeat 
contracts next year, we have 15% or 20% advance and tenders as per Draft 2020 we are allowed 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
to give 15% advance to 20% advance on the contract value and stage payment happens on part 
deliverables in one year or say every three months you deliver something on that there's a 
percentage pay either the value of the unit is paid less advance or they have a defined stage 
payment for delivery. So, both are possible this is the MoD tenders. So, some contracts also 
come without advance, but largely here now we have got contracts in advance. 
Gagan Thareja: 
So, finally networking capital on integrated system contracts, would it be similar to what you 
have so far had on your product and product contracts or is it going to be a little different a very 
different from that. 
S. Rangarajan:  
Very interesting question, we are going to do the system now, we will try to some vendors to do 
back-to-back if they may not agree, okay, so we need to negotiate better terms for us. Otherwise, 
what happens is stocking closer is a bit more, but what happened is DRDO always understands 
the larger order and regular stage payment against bank guarantee. So, again, non-fund limit, 
other than the advance, you also have another stage payment, where we can show procurement 
happening and then it's the money so the cash flows are slightly ease out, all that is possible. But 
from networking capital days when we say there may be a bump because of last contracts, 
something will happen. But what we will do in this situation is try to get the ball towards the 
final stage, not during development stage in the first one year, get them right in time, just in time 
accepted, take it directly to field. We will not try to bring it to a factory and keep it here unlike 
raw materials, which we keep here and manufacture and test and validate. Those things will be 
done at subcontractor place a vendors place where customers go on holiday they will ship 
directly to the site. So, that is how we want to plan our working capital. Hopefully, we plan it 
well, see that we will not have issues. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Sir if I am allowed one more or if not, I will get back in the queue. If you are okay, I will ask 
one more question. 
S. Rangarajan:  
I have no problem. But the organizer has to decide. I have no idea who is waiting. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. Sir you know you make seekers for BrahMos, missile seekers, simply because our missile 
programmers are now fairly comprehensive. QRSAM, MRSAM, and very short-range air 
defense systems, and portable GM so on so forth. Do you have any plan to expand your footprint 
on the seeker side? 
S. Rangarajan:  
See to be honest, we have all the competency to build whatever you are saying, presently, these 
are all transfer technology imported coming to the country. If we get an opportunity to quote 
against such requirements 100% we will do it and from small weapons to larger seekers 
weapons, their competency model which can build it. But what happens is that comes as a 
weapon MRSAM or we are talking about QRSAM. So, you are buying a weapon, you buy parts 
of it transfer technology, it comes to manufacturing here, it goes to pieces. But what is 
happening, so whereas to when this facility happens when you can design products here, then 
definitely we will be standing in line or in the front of the line to see the real opportunity, but it's 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
not it is a competency, it's a question of getting the right opportunity to build it. It is not that we 
like to expand capability to build we have the capability. But we need a contract to build because 
we cannot build general specifications for APGM or anything for that matter. How will I put it 
part of weapon that is a tricky part and unless you are allowed to put the weapon and do testing, 
you cannot do this. So, there is no point in designing things in these kind of situations. Without 
the weapon manufacturer or the buyer, participating in the program, giving you a specification 
and then building validate. So, that's I'm saying all along, we need an Indian ecosystem to say 
we develop here. One the government is doing is saying 50% Indian content in every contract is 
a start, there's a Mk 1 which we are saying is the second start with this we can do and then 
technology development IDECK, IDECK 55.12 are small parts small within systems, not for 
these kind of complex systems were weapons has also to develop. So, as an ecosystem grows, I 
think people like us will pay a very large role in building the competencies and the products, so 
that it can be truly made in India kind of system? 
Gagan Thareja: 
And basis, the work that you have done, for developmental work for DRDO, which is now sort 
of coming to fruition, and will scale up what sort of, potential pipeline in radars and electronic 
warfare systems and avionic display systems and so on. Do you foresee in the next two, three 
years where you give or figure in your presentation? You know, you've already received sizable 
part of that figure, right away in this year itself? So, therefore, I'm simply trying to understand 
what's the potential pipeline? What are the areas, which will be critical and how large could the 
opportunity be over the next three, four years? 
S. Rangarajan:  
Yes we showed Rs. 2 to 3 billion as 200 to 300 crores, plus that remains as a pipeline, because 
no part of the pipeline has been realized as of now, these are all different contracts. Nothing to 
do with the pipeline projected and the pipeline will go up, because we're developing more 
products now and if US has qualified and comes for other programs that also can get added. So, 
the pipeline remains intact. We thought some of them will start this year. But we say two to three 
years only, earlier also we said 2-3 years because the decision-making time is going to be long 
term though there have been you we have quantified the systems tendering will for the repeat 
requirement has to happen, funding has to happen and then after that back-to-back contracts has 
happened. So, that is why we said and some of the programs like RWR or ELINT and airborne 
systems takes time because once flight testing happens, funding has begun upgrades, and then 
only this will happen but there is enormous potential because there are too many aircrafts, too 
many types of aircrafts, in all of them electronics is obsolete or going obsolete. So, the airframe 
flies for 40 years, electronics does not fly for so many years. So, there is an urgent need to 
upgrade it remains the same as combat, so requirements are large, if I say now how do you 
address requirement meet customer expectations and after that, they have to ensure that money 
and timeframe for upgradation is done and we are there at the time. So, these are the factors so 
that's why we did not put a timeline about 3-4 years this pipeline is there and we still expect the 
pipeline to be there and it should grow. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And finally sir from a manpower perspective, since now these are all sort of sunrise sectors and 
there is obviously high demand for experienced and talented engineers in this area. Is it relatively 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
difficult for you to get the requisite manpower with the requisite work experience or is it 
increasingly getting more difficult or you feel that you know, that's not an issue at all? 
S. Rangarajan:  
We have great the manpower when development manpower, project management manpower, 
HR production and then management. In the general-purpose area like management, HR these 
are people get lateral hires to do this and build up competency and the top layer can get built, 
the top and middleman can be build. Similarly, product management can be lateral recruits and 
once one or two years of training with us with our way of working, you also fit in which is what 
our experience has been with either two. So, on the lower end if you look at development skills 
and things like that, production and development, what we are doing is we take fresh graduates 
and train them. We have been doing this for 15-20 plus years now. Only on scale of people 
number of people we are taking now is in-house, where inhouse training. In-house our own 
champions of training, our own engineers training we have outside people coming in and training 
them. So, training is a fundamental part of our recruiting process, but in fact we even take it nine 
months ahead of job, take them as training engineers on when they are in fourth year and see 
that they do the projects here. We give them salaries and take them in. So, they continue to work 
as we go along. We found good success in that. So, on that area of technology, which you are 
talking about, we do not normally hire laterals, because like you said, it is very difficult to get 
the kind of people who we want and we are not tired from competition also, the homegrown 
inhouse training is what we will sort it to till day. Going ahead, it may change, but as of now, 
this is the plan. We are not really looking at lateral hires for those kinds of positions. But we are 
confident we need to beef up our HR process, our training, procedures, recruitment, yes, we do 
have problems of hiring. There is an issue on that. There is a demand, there is a gap, we are 
trying to address the gap as you go along and with scaling happening, we are looking at what is 
what kind of staff positions are getting opened, how we plan for it is enormous work. It is actually 
capacity building work. We are seized of that particular problem and we are finding solutions to 
how to do this and how to multiplex, how to reduce the largeness of the work into smaller pieces. 
So, youngsters can do. 
S. Rangarajan:  
Like the work basically. See that they come up and do the technical. 
S. Rangarajan:  
So, we are addressing the problem at various levels, but I think we will build the competency 
because they have all 900 people we have, most of them 800 plus have been built internally by 
us. 
S. Rangarajan:  
As they are all homegrown, more or less. 
S. Rangarajan:  
And our average age is 23-24 for all the 900 we see obviously we have senior people so we have 
a young crowd and willing to learn and there is a lot of ownership in our company. Well, two of 
the people are our shareholders and data partners. There is a lot of ownership. We wanted to 
build a large organization together. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And your thoughts on succession planning. 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
S. Rangarajan:  
We already have we recruited last AGM, we recruited Vijay, who is the COO, he is about 20 
years with Data Patterns, the young. He has gotten as a director on the board. So, the way we 
are re looking at each part of each role, and how do we want to build the role? How do you build 
up so this is one of the agenda points the board has given us and we are working on who are the 
guys who will take our positions? How do you scale? You are asking the right question, because 
this is the discussion at the board meeting even yesterday, 
S. Rangarajan:  
We have started actively, we have already identified a few positions, and we have been going to 
take it for. 
S. Rangarajan:  
The thing is as it is homegrown business. It is a very closely knit organization. So, the top 
management is all together, all decision makings together. There is no hierarchy in that sense. 
So, every decision is shared and owned and all problems are common and understood. So, we 
should be able to build this for everything. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks. Thanks and wish you all the best sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Kabra from Elara capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mudit Kabra:  
Congratulations on great numbers. My first question is like with this bigger margin of 31% in 
Q1, what would be your outlook for the whole year for EBITDA margins? Sir, considering 31% 
EBITDA margin in Q1, like what is your outlook for the whole year? 
S. Rangarajan:  
See, we have told you earlier we will do 40% EBITDA. We will continue to keep the guidance 
because what happens see the EBITDA is a function of revenue and gross margin and overhead 
expenses. See our revenue is not evenly distributed all quarters. So, the last quarter becomes 
high revenue, but the overhead remains same in all quarters. So, EBITDA, then quarter-to-
quarter is low in the first three quarters, as was quarter jumps up and overall EBITDA. I think 
around 40% guidance, so you will need to do that. But what is interesting is from year-on-year 
basis first quarter 21-22 to this quarter our EBITDA has gone up. Okay, overhead have gone up, 
expenses have gone up, and even the gross margin has come down doing some few contracts, 
our EBITDA has actually gone up. So, we will continue to keep the guidance of 40% EBITDA. 
Mudit Kabra:  
Okay and another question is like, as we are pulling more of our order book from radar contracts, 
and recently, you have disclosed as this LOI order is regarding a space surveillance radar, which 
is a big size. So, can we expect higher gross margins higher margins in the coming year when 
these orders will be executed like higher than 65 to 60% what you have guided for. 
S. Rangarajan:  
We are already a very high-cost margin company, we will have gross margin in a large contracts 
in competition with L&T, Tata, BEL and all that. We think is feasible, I think our gross margin 
is higher it comes from basically because we have done internal design and the IP is getting 
captured there. But it is system integration the IC is not there and it is competitive model across 

 
Data Patterns India Limited 
August 3, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
so obviously, the gross margin there is going to be lower. Because when you buy an integrator, 
you better have that kind of margin in what we do in design. The design is done over many years 
and this is all written off, you are seeing it today having his last one. So, obviously, it will not 
be like that, but what I would say is, the revenue will go up, the bottom line also will go up on a 
year-on-year basis. That is what we are doing and today we have to scale to a large corporate, I 
need to build the end equipment, we cannot be a part supplier and then expect to do a few 1000 
crores of business year-on-year. If you want to do that, you need to build systems like this. So, 
our aim is to grow. So, what is to do you do but then do India keep the margin profile as intact 
as possible in a cognitive scenario, by doing more India, where others import and do we try and 
do more in India and that is where gross margin really comes up, but when that is not there, then 
we need to compete on the same kind of floor, then obviously, we have a similar gross margin, 
but then it is never same because a whole lot of electronic systems gets added because that is a 
core competency and that is the programs we are selling in. So, there will be some difference 
where we have flexibility in terms of pricing. 
Mudit Kabra:  
Got it. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
S. Rangarajan:  
Thank you, thank you all for taking this hour plus to ask questions and information and interest 
show in Data Partners. Again, I reiterate that we are in line with what our projections matter of 
fact, our order intake will go. We are enthused because more programs are getting opened up for 
industry and large opportunities are getting created for people like us. We will continue to strive 
to build high technology, high IP products in India as against importing and build the entire 
equipment here. That is how we like to scale and some opportunities have, turn fruitful, we hope 
to deliver all this in time, see that we can build a strong foundation for future. So, thank you very 
much. Any questions you are always ready to Go India further questions and we will be very 
glad to answer them. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
