CSL/2022-23/229 
10th August, 2p22 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal S.treet, Fort, f'il(umbai - 400001. 
Scrip Code · :532443 
Scrip.ID: CERA 
Dear Sir/Mada_m, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Sandra Kurla Complex 
Sandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051. 
Scrip Code: CERA 
-. _; ... sub: :Transcript of the Conference Call ~eld ·on 5th August, 2022 
.. . 
. Ref~ Regulation 30 of the SEBI {LODR) Reg_lilatio.ns, 2015 
With refe_rence·:tk-' our letter CSL/2022-23/197- datecf:·27t~ .July, 2022, intimating you'. 'abnut :-: :,· 
the Qt FY2023 Earnings .Conference Call h~ld OA .5th Au'gust, 2022, please find attached. the ·· 
· 
transc_ript of the aforesaid conference calt. 
The same is available on the website of the company Le. www.cera-·lndia.com 
We hope you will take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cera 'Sanitaryware Limited, 
· ~.~~
. 
Company-Se_cretary 
Encl: As Above 
r' 
r 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Corporate Office: 7'h & 8'h Floors, B Wing, Privilon, Ambli BRTS Road, lskcon Crossroads, Ahmedabad 380059, India 
Tel: +91 79 49112222 Email: marketing@cera-india.comWeb:www.cera-india.com 
Registered Office & Works: 9, GIDC Industrial Estate, Kadi 382715, District Mehsana, North Gujarat 
CIN: L26910GJ1998PLC034400 

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 5, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 earnings conference 
call of CERA Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” and “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note, that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh of CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Singh.  
 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings 
conference call for CERA Sanitaryware Limited for Q1 FY23 earnings, which were 
announced yesterday. We have with us today, the management team comprising 
Mr. Ayush Bagla, Executive Director and Mr. Rajesh B. Shah, CFO and COO of CERA 
Sanitaryware.  
 
We will start with brief opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will open the call for Q&A. A quick disclaimer before we begin. Some of the 
statements made in today's conference call maybe forward-looking in nature and 
a detailed note in this regard is contained in the result documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier.  
 
I would now turn the call over to Mr. Ayush Bagla for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Good morning, everyone. The earnings for the first quarter for the period ended 
30th June 2022 were adopted by the Board of Directors yesterday, 4th August 
2022. The earnings documents have been released to the stock exchanges.  
 
During the quarter gone by, we continued to witness strong demand for our 
products as the overall replacement demand remained quite positive, with 
consumers continuing to spend on home upgradation and improvement. The 
velocity of sales in residential apartments continues to see good momentum, with 
new project launches getting announced by many real estate players across most 
regions. We are well positioned to monetize current and ongoing demand. We are 
positive that this scenario will lead to sustained new demand generation for 
CERA’s products.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
At present, our manufacturing facility continues to function at high utilization 
levels. Capacity utilization for Q1FY23 for sanitaryware was at 109.53%, and we 
endeavor to operate the plant at similar levels all through FY23. In Faucetware, 
the capacity utilization was 102.65% during Q1FY23 and all efforts are on to 
maintain these capacity utilization levels. 
  
As indicated in our previous earnings call, our average production at the 
Faucetware plant was 1.8 lakh pieces per month up to H1 of FY22, which in March 
2022 increased to an average of 2.5 lakh pieces. Current production in July 2022 is 
3 lakh pieces, an all-time high, almost 67% over the previous year’s numbers. This 
development has set new volume benchmarks, enabling us to sweat our existing 
assets more extensively and also allow us to cater to the increasing demand over 
the next twelve months. The Faucetware expansion program commenced in July 
2022, and current indications are that the program will be completed in Q1 FY24, 
and an enhanced capacity of another 1 lakh pieces, totaling 4 lakh pieces per 
month will be available for in-house manufacturing.  
 
During the expansion phase, no disruption to current manufacturing is envisaged 
and a comprehensive risk mitigation model has been implemented envisaging 
various scenarios to ensure that the market need for Faucetware products are 
continuously met from the existing plant.  
 
For fresh capacity for manufacturing in sanitaryware, the Company has carried out 
extensive surveys of water, gas and labor availability for a greenfield facility. A few 
land parcels have been shortlisted and the Company is currently conducting due 
diligence for those land parcels. Since capex will commence post land acquisition, 
the detailed plan of the phase wise capital expenditure will be made available in 
due course.  
 
As on 30th June 2022, our cash and cash equivalents stood at Rs. 566 crore against 
Rs. 433 crore in June 2021, registering an increase of 30.72%. Positive cash flow 
for this quarter is Rs. 49 crore. In FY22, for the full year, positive cash flow was Rs. 
164 crore, therefore, going forward, internal approvals will be deployed to fund 
the two capex programs, and we also have the flexibility to use some part of the 
accumulated cash and cash equivalent if required. I would like to reiterate that no 
debt raising, or equity dilution is planned or required for the entire capacity 
expansion.  
 
Q1 FY23 also continued to witness a stable to slightly upward bias in prices of raw 
materials. To counter these cost pressures, the Company undertook necessary 
price hikes in the month of May 2022. In sanitaryware, a price hike of 3% and in 
Faucetware, a price hike of 5% was implemented in May 2022.  
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Despite the external environment witnessing an increase in prices of inputs and 
raw materials, CERA has not witnessed a material impact during Q1 FY23. On the 
Sanitaryware side, key items like China clay, Feldspar and Plaster of Paris, which 
constitute more than 95% of Sanitaryware’s raw material mix had a combined 
impact of 2%. In the Sanitaryware business within the glazing recipe, which 
constitutes less than 2% of Sanitaryware’s raw material mix, the key constituents 
of color and zinc have moved up 11% during Q1.  
 
Due to availability of gas from isolated wells near our plant, the pricing of gas from 
GAIL continues to remain below market and will do so in the future. Price has 
increased at Rs. 25.69 per cubic meter in June 2022, which was Rs. 13.26 per cubic 
meter in March 2022. In Q1 FY23, GAIL provided 49% of the gas requirements of 
the Sanitaryware business. Sabarmati Gas, a JV of BPCL and GSPC’s pricing went 
down from Rs. 75.01 per cubic meter in March ‘22 to Rs. 73.58 per cubic meter in 
June 2022, supplying 51% of the gas needs of the plant for Q1. Gas costs 
constitute 3.06% of CERA's topline.  
 
There have also been price increases in some ancillary cost items like 
transportation cost at 2% to 3%. Cost of corrugated boxes have gone up by 6%. 
Our reliance on in-house renewable energy for over two decades has significantly 
benefited us, given that 65% of our electricity needs are met from in-house, wind 
and solar power sources. As a result, we have been able to keep significant parts 
of our cost basket stable.  
 
There has been significant innovation in marketing and sales. A retail engagement 
and loyalty program was launched unlike any other in the building materials 
industry. In a span of three months, 11,500 plus retailers have adopted this 
platform. More than 5,000 plus, or 40% of those retailers are regular users of the 
app-based software. Various artificial intelligence tools and algorithms are used to 
curl out meaningful insights from this program.  
 
The Company has rewarded retailers on a well thought out matrix of sales and 
profitability. The dealer, distributor is also fully on board with this program as the 
retailer service by the dealer receives an incentive, with no cost to the dealer. 
There is full transparency in margins and discounts that a dealer offers the 
retailer. The Company has access to valuable data, which is being monetized by 
mining, to cross sell and upsell. This is one unique step in CERA getting very close 
to the retailer, to the point of sale and to the ultimate consumer.  
 
In that backdrop, we can go over the financials:  
 
Revenues from operations in Q1FY23 were Rs. 396 crore versus Rs. 223 crore in 
Q1FY22, an increase of 77.6%. EBITDA, excluding other income was Rs. 62 crore in 
Q1FY23 versus Rs. 20 crore in Q1FY22, a growth of 210.6%. The EBITDA margin is 
higher by 660 basis points at 15.5% in Q1FY23 versus 8.9% in Q1FY22. Therefore, 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
margin expanded by 74%. PAT was Rs. 40 crore in Q1FY23 versus Rs. 13 crore in 
Q1FY22, an increase of 207% Y-o-Y. Earnings per share for Q1FY23 was Rs. 30.47 
versus Rs. 9.93 in Q1FY22.  
 
For Q1FY23, 54% of the topline was from Sanitaryware, 35% from Faucetware, 
Tiles represented 12% and Wellness, 1%. On a Y-o-Y basis, Sanitaryware revenues 
registered an increase of 89%. Faucetware revenues increased by 99%, Tiles 
increased by 9%, and Wellness increased by 49%. The Sanitaryware and 
Faucetware verticals remain the bedrock of the business with the contribution of 
89% to CERA's overall revenues.  
 
We continue to witness encouraging demand for newly launched products. During 
the last three years, the new product development program contributed close to 
22% of revenues.  
 
Inventory days in Q1FY23 was 72.76 days compared to 60.86 days in Q1FY22. 
Receivable days in Q1FY23 was 26.38 days versus 38.51 days. Payable days in Q1 
FY23 were 38.94 days against 29.11 days in Q1 of FY22. Therefore, net working 
capital days in Q1FY23 was 60.20 days versus 70.37 days in Q1 of FY22.  
 
After a fairly low capex last year, where against the capex budget of Rs. 17.19 
crore for FY22, the total capex spent was Rs. 11.12 crore. In the current year, the 
capex budget other than the Faucetware and Sanitaryware expansion programs is 
Rs. 24.7 crore, of which Rs. 7.7 crore is for Sanitaryware automation, Rs. 6.4 crore 
is for Faucetware automation, Rs. 6.6 crore for land and building, and Rs. 4 crore 
for logistics and IT. During Q1, Rs. 0.26 crore was spent on Sanitaryware 
automation, Rs. 0.02 crore on Faucetware automation, Rs. 0.01 crore on land and 
building, and Rs. 0.03 crore on logistics and IT.  
 
In conclusion, I would like to say that today, there are multiple industry tailwinds, 
which we believe would enable the Sanitaryware and Faucetware industry to 
maintain its steady and consistent growth. CERA’s growth plan remains intact as it 
plans to expand its capacities and be at the forefront to capture this rising 
demand.  
 
After taking a few years to break the Rs. 1,250 crore to Rs. 1,350 crore topline 
band, in FY22, CERA touched a topline of Rs. 1,446 crore. The impact on PAT and 
EBITDA margins was clearly visible. Going forward, CERA is set on a new topline 
trajectory, which is reflected in the Q1 numbers.  
 
Every decision made at CERA is from the shareholders point of view, with ROCE, 
payback period, impact on EPS fully considered before being placed for 
deliberation before the Board of Directors. The positive macro factors in our 
industry coupled with the Company's strong balance sheet, distribution channels, 
R&D capabilities, comprehensive offerings, high brand salience, and others such 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
strong inherent strengths of this four-decade old Company would not only enable 
it to face any macro level uncertainties but also continue to support its growth 
and its leadership position going forward. 
 
I would now request the moderator to open-up the line for Q&A. Thank you very 
much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Two questions. One is, can you talk a bit about your market share in both, 
Sanitaryware and Faucetware and how that has been moving and how you see 
that going forward?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
We would like to but there is no third-party published data on market shares in 
both, Sanitaryware and Faucetware, but I can give you some rough estimates. 
CERA have been for the last four years, the largest player in sanitaryware in the 
country and our growth is, let's say, 25% higher than industry growth. And 
industry growth for the last four or five years has been in high single digits. So, if 
you take a mix of price and volume, you will find that we are growing in the teens. 
And going forward, that growth number will increase. In Faucetware, we are the 
second largest player. But let's say the market is growing by 9%, 10%, and we are 
growing, let's say at 40% but our share of incremental market share is 15%. So, we 
are growing at 1.5 times the growth in industry in Faucetware. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Got it. And the second question was on, in terms of your pricing and 
margins, right, you mentioned the 3%, 5% price hike that you have taken. So going 
forward, for this fiscal, are there any other projected price hikes and with where 
the raw material prices are, what should we expect on the margin front going 
forward? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, the bulk of price hikes was also due to the ability of the market to bear these 
price hikes. So, last year we took 21% price hikes in Sanitaryware, 26% in 
Faucetware. On the back of that, a 3% and 5% makes Sanitaryware closer to 26%, 
27%, and Faucetware closer to 31% in about 15 months. And you're seeing no 
dent on sales velocity. So, you can see how strong the markets are. How strong 
the brand promise and brand recall and brand salience is. So, our strategy towards 
price hikes is very simple. There is in most cases in Sanitaryware very little push 
from raw materials. Sometimes, there is a push on other costs like transport, gas, 
labor, and packaging. So, we take a very nimble and agile decision as and when 
the situation presents itself. And in the past, there have never been any price 
rollbacks. But you are seeing raw material prices cool off. So, we do expect margin 
expansion on that front. As far as the next price hike is concerned, earlier, we 
used to review pricing twice a year. But last year, we reviewed pricing three, four 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
times a year. So, we'll just be very nimble about it, as and when there are changes 
in the market.  
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And this last question, what would be your mix between retail and 
projects?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, our B2C business is now 68% of sales. And this is a very important question 
because it takes 15 years to get there. So, I'll just give you another example based 
on the question you have asked. 13 years, 14 years ago when large sized 
companies entered sanitaryware and faucetware, there was a threat. But to bulk 
up, they immediately went the other way. They went the B2B way. And there is a 
lot of temptation to do that to bulk up your volumes. But the problem with that is 
when you enter a business and start negotiating your pricing, it dilutes the brand 
so much, you can never be a B2C player. Same thing is happening with newer 
entrants now. In the temptation to bulk up and show some immediate benefits, 
they are all going the B2B way.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Shroff from QRC Investment 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead.  
 
Saurabh Shroff: 
Congratulations on a very strong show. You mentioned something interesting on 
the trajectory of Faucetware, where we've gone from 1.8 lakh pieces a month to 3 
lakh, and eventually 4 lakh. So, if you could sort of maybe help us understand 
better what has led to this massive expansion? What steps has the Company 
taken to be able to do this, with very minimal capex? And also, the second 
question, overall, is sort of we look at, let's say, economy, or luxury, and what is 
the sales mix across Faucetware and Sanitaryware and is there a shift and is there 
a benefit of sort of more premium products in the mix that has already happened, 
or we anticipate happening, which should also help margins going forward?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, in Faucetware, the Company was growing between 25% and 35%, annually, for 
the last four, five years. We are the second largest player and last year, we grew 
37% to 40%, almost four times the growth in industry. And there was some 
addition of talent in Faucetware manufacturing facility. SOPs were changed. And 
some processes were changed, some automation projects which were completed 
last year, helped in this increase from 1.8 lakh to first, 2.5 lakh and now 3 lakh. So, 
with virtually close to zero capex, this was achieved. And you know, I mean, there 
was a lot of question and answer for the last seven, eight quarters, - why aren't 
we expanding Faucetware, when the Faucetware business is doing so well? And 
we kept saying that without really having to invest through money, there are 
other changes that can take place in the business which will make the business 
even more profitable and that is exactly what has happened. With minimal capex, 
we have achieved 3 lakh pieces per month and now with just expenditure of Rs. 
69 crore in the brownfield expansion, we will go to 4 lakh a month. So, this is all I 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
think, outcome of managerial decision making, and trying to optimize and 
maximize every rupee spent both on opex and capex.  
 
The second question was on upselling. So, I'll give you some data which will add 
color to your question and also give you some initiatives that the Company is 
taking. So, same quarter last year, entry level products were 14.5% of sale. And 
you know, we've done a full reclassification of what is entry, what is mid, what is 
premium based on all the price hikes. So, the base values have always been taken 
up dramatically. So, what was considered mid last year is now entry. What was 
considered luxury last year is now mid. So, from 40.5% of sales value, entry level 
in Sanitaryware, it's 46.7%. In the mid-category, last year, we had 49.9% which is 
43.1%, and in the premium category we had 9.6%, which is 10.2%. 
 
In Faucetware, entry level was 59.5% last year, which is down 51.7%. Mid-level 
was 22.8%, which is now 30.4%, and premium was 17.6%, which is now 17.9%.  
So, we are consistently taking the bar up on a blended basis for the overall 
Company. Last year entry level was 48.5%, which is now 48.8%. Mid-level was 
38.5%, which is 37.8%. And premium was 13.0%, which is now 13.4%.  
 
Saurabh Shroff: 
Okay. Got it. And initiatives that we are taking on the retailers, etc., as one would 
imagine that all of that and the data analytics that you spoke about, that should 
eventually help us drive getting more of a premium push as well over time? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
So far, this industry has been dealing only with dealers or distributors. And there 
was across the industry and also for CERA, there was very little engagement 
directly with retailers, and very little data collection of consumer behavior, or 
retailer. So, we also would rely on our sales team which is on the ground in all the 
States, that was one, and lots of feedback from the dealers. But we wanted to go 
one step beyond and now with AI tools and software-based apps available, we 
rolled out a fairly large program. Got onboard 11,500 dealers. We are getting 
consumer behavior, point of sale behavior, the interplay between dealer 
discounts and margins, retailer discounts and margins, all of that data. So cross 
selling is the obvious thing that we are having to do and we want to do but 
upselling is going to be a huge theme this year.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrenik Jain from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Shrenik Jain: 
Sir, basically, I want to understand that over the longer term what is the view for 
the Company? Will we continue to be a bathware player, or we will also plan to 
get into other adjacent products like currently in the industry we are seeing like 
the Pipe players are getting into bathware and paints. The tiles player are getting 
into wood panels and different groups. So, what is our view on longer term basis? 
As we are making healthy cash flows, how do we plan to deploy it effectively? 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, currently, you would have heard that we are expanding the Faucetware 
facility on a brownfield basis at a cost of Rs. 69 crore. And we have estimated that 
a greenfield facility for Sanitaryware will cost Rs. 129 crore. So, we see 
tremendous opportunities in Sanitaryware and Faucetware going forward, not 
only in the short-term, in the medium-term. And there are significant advantages 
in profitability being the largest player in Sanitaryware. And, of course, taking our 
market share in Faucetware up, I mean, it's 37% to 40% growth, no industry, even 
in building material they are seeing that kind of growth that CERA’s Faucetware is 
seeing.  
 
So, there are tremendous opportunities available. And currently there are no 
plans. And for other companies, of course, they are also profitable. They want to 
deploy their cash in newer businesses. But this is a temptation to start a new 
business and then become a B2B player. That is a very risky temptation. Because 
then you're always a marginal player, with marginal profitability and the return 
metrics on capital deployed, it might get lost in the overall balance sheet. But on a 
standalone basis, it is not more than single digit.  
 
Shrenik Jain: 
Sure, sir. But over the longer term, if we plan to get into any other adjacencies, 
which are the products that we can get into, which uses similar channels as we are 
currently having? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Currently, there are no plans. There is no discussion in front of the Board or even 
at a nascent stage. Currently, the discussion is, maximize the throughput in your 
current manufacturing facilities and put-up new capacities. See, there's another 
angle to this. Product lifecycle is reducing. The industry average for new product 
development is 10% to 11% of sales. CERA’s is 22% of sales. That is like entering a 
new business. This incremental 11% of sales that CERA is getting is purely new 
business, which was not there. So, managing a shorter product life cycle is a full-
time department and a full time understanding of the consumer, dealer, retailer 
all of that. So currently, there are no plans of entering any new businesses, not 
even at the nascent stages.  
 
Shrenik Jain: 
Sure, sir. Got it. And sir, we talk on margin. So, over the next three, four years, our 
own capacities will improve and our topline will grow. I am sure operating 
leverage benefit will sweep in. So, where do we see our EBITDA margins in normal 
scenario, three years down the line? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Steady state EBITDA margins for the last many years has been 14%. That went up 
dramatically in Q4, and also for the year last year. So now our steady state EBITDA 
has crossed, let's say, 15.5%, which was the number for last year. So going 
forward, you could see between 50 to 75 basis point increase annually. And I am 
saying this annually, because in 40 months, the company will definitely double its 
FY22 topline. So, you can calculate the absolute impact it will have on numbers. 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, just a clarification. We exited Anjani Tiles in quarter four, right, so the number 
that we see and the margin that we see is now ex of Anjani Tiles? Is that correct? 
Because that portfolio for us was a lower margin.  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, see, about six years ago, the Company took a decision, never to have any tiles 
manufacturing on its own balance sheet. So, it took stakes in two ventures, one 
was Anjani Tiles, and one was Milo, where our risk was restricted to our equity 
investment. So, once Anjani put up the plant, and it's become large enough, and is 
profitable and doing well, the Company decided to exit its investment at the 
optimum time, at the peak of the performance of the last four, five years. And 
that's what happened in August, September last year. So, when the agreement 
was signed, in that rules were followed. The turnover was consolidated in the first 
three quarters and in the fourth quarter, whatever amount was added, was 
deducted. So, you will see a note by the auditors in Q1, Rs. 5 crore has been 
deducted off from Q1FY22’s turnover, so, as to give investors and shareholders a 
like-to-like comparison between Q1FY22 and Q1FY23. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, now instead of consolidation, we will have a trade (inaudible), right? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Now there is no consolidation with Anjani after last year, after Q3.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what is the margin impacts on it?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, Anjani was making EBITDA of Rs. 5 crore, Rs. 6 crore for the year. And the 
topline CERA was consuming 70%, 80% of the product. So, it was getting added to 
topline of CERA on a consolidated basis and a standalone basis. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Sir, my another two questions, I missed your revenue target for FY23. And 
you were mentioning that with this capacity expansions that you have lined up, 
what is the revenue, you mentioned that the revenue will double, right, but over 
how many years?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
40 months. 3.5 years.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
3.5 years it will double. And what is your revenue target for FY23?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That you know, we've been careful about giving forward-looking numbers for the 
year. But those who have built the financial model, if you put the Q1 numbers, 
and you normally 22% of the annual topline is Q1, you will get the annual number.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly sir, if you could tell me again, the Sanitaryware and Faucetware 
revenues for the quarter? Just the absolute revenues?  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, I'll give you that, and I'll also give you one more data point that will help you 
about outsourcing. The absolute number in Sanitaryware was to Rs. 211.63 crore, 
which is 53.56% of sales. Out of which, outsourcing was 50.03%. Last year, the 
same outsourcing figure was 58.62%.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This time it is 53%? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
50.03%. And it's a dramatic change because of the throughput increase. For the 
year was 58.62% last year for Q1 it was 55.21%. So, 10% change. In Faucetware, 
the absolute number for topline for Q1FY23 is Rs. 136.32 crore i.e 34.50% of sales. 
Outsourcing is 54.80%. Last year outsourcing was also 54.55%.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And lastly, sir. Can you give us the tiles revenue? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. Tiles revenue for the quarter is Rs. 40.48 crore, which is 10.25% of sales. And 
the same number last year was Rs. 37.2 crore, which was 16.73% of sales.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Just taking forward the earlier participant’s question. So, for the current year for 
‘23, our capacities are more than 100% utilized. So, any kind of volume growth will 
only be by increasing the share of outsourcing? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Till fresh capacity comes on instream in Faucetware, which will be Q1 of FY24, 
there might be some increase in outsourcing. And similarly, in Sanitaryware. So, 
for the next two, two and a half years, there will be increase in outsourcing 
percentage, but that percentage doesn't tell you the entire story. There are a lot 
of SKUs which the Company was making, and they may decide to outsource 
because the Company wants to adopt the new development program and make 
those in-house, because those are too complicated for vendors to make. So, the 
Company might decide to free up certain capacity to make new products.  
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So, is this expected to have any negative impact on the margins as the share of 
outsourcing increases?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
In fact, outsourcing partners and vendors have a dramatically lower cost base 
than the Company, which is why they choose to make low-end products in large 
quantities. And for the Company to buy and sell, the margins are the same as own 
manufacturing.  
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. And my second question is, couple of quarters ago, you'd highlighted that 
for most players in this industry were facing challenges because we were 
importing from China and other countries and hence, there was supply side 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
disruption. Can you just share with us the latest update on the competitive 
intensity in this industry now?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, please. I'll give you some background of what is happening in China. After the 
Chinese New Year, there are two clusters, the Cheng-Yu cluster and the Hinang 
cluster. In the Hinang cluster, which is a much larger cluster, due to frequent 
lockdowns, capacities are still between 60% and 70% operational. In the smaller 
cluster, the Chengdu cluster, there is more or less 90% availability. But again, the 
largest impediment to importing from China continues to be the container cost, 
which pre-COVID was USD600, currently it is USD6,400 in June. And one container 
of sanitaryware imports only contains USD18,000 worth of sanitaryware products. 
So, from a landed cost perspective, one-third of the landed cost is freight.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sudarshan Mall of Dhunseri Investment. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Sudarshan Mall: 
I got your comments on the margin thing that we should expect the 50 basis 
points to 75 basis point improvement every year. But like last year, our exact 
margins were 19%. So, what should be the starting point for say, FY23? Should it 
be like I think in your TV interview, you mentioned something between 17% to 
19%. Is that correct?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, margins have been very susceptible to increases in topline. When you saw a 
significant jump in topline in Q4 last year, you saw a significant jump in EBITDA 
margins. And that is the trend going forward. As you see slight changes in topline, 
you will see massive changes in EBITDA and PAT margins. And that happened not 
only for Q4 last year, it happened for the calendar year last year, the financial 
year, and for Q1 of this year. So, the steady state, which was 14% has already 
moved to 15.5%. And I'm talking about an increment of 50 basis points to 75 basis 
annually on a full year basis on 15% to 15.5%. And the driver of that is 80:20 mix 
between variable costs and fixed costs. So, fixed costs are increasing maybe at a 
nominal rate of inflation. And variable costs may increase, but they are completely 
linked to sales.  
 
Sudarshan Mall: 
Sir, I understood the operating results. All I'm trying to understand, in a TV 
interview, I heard that margin guidance for FY23 stands between 17% to 19%. Is 
that a correct thing I heard?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
We will be careful about giving out any number for the full-year FY23.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Mithun Aswath: 
Hi, a couple of questions. One was on, kind of revenue growth we expect in the 
current year because (inaudible) last year was a low base. Just wanted to 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
understand how the market dynamics are faring? And do you see robust growth 
this year as well? And number two on your expansion plans, when do you think 
these will come on board? So, those were the two questions that I had. 
 
Ayush Bagla:  
See, over the last 30 months, which includes some part of pre-COVID, the industry 
was dealing with a shortage of products. So, in Sanitaryware, the industry size is 
very small, and that is why the four largest players command such a sizable 
market share. More than 60% plus combined market share is divided amongst 
four players and that has not changed for decades. And the size of the industry 
does not allow for external entrant to suddenly disrupt the industry. It does not 
allow it. It's not that big. That is one reason. So, dealing with shortage was 
something all four players were grappling with. Now, at least I can speak for CERA. 
CERA has come out of that problem over the last 12 to 15 months. There is no 
shortage of any Sanitaryware or Faucetware product, and that will remain for the 
foreseeable future. So, our ability to monetize all the opportunities coming from 
the market that is going to be important and that is available. There are very 
strong tailwinds, both, in the B2B and B2C business. We restrict our involvement 
in the B2B business because we don't want to change this ratio too fast. After so 
much efforts over the last 15 years, we somehow reached 68% of sales as B2C 
sales. We don't want to change that ratio. Second question was when will we get 
access to product from our expanded capacity. So, in Faucetware, we expect 
Q1FY24 to be the time where capacity expansion goes on stream. So, our 3-lakh 
current production will become 4-lakh. And in Sanitaryware, it will take a little 
more time because once the zero date is set, which will be set sometime in this 
calendar year, once land is acquired and permissions for water gas and a few 
other regulatory permissions are obtained, since from the zero date, it will be 
another 24 months to completion of the plant.  
 
Mithun Aswath: 
Right. And just one last one. On your raw material, not raw material, on your 
energy costs because of natural gas going up, have you taken any further price 
hikes in the last few months or are you planning anything? Just wanted to know?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, in May of this year, which was part of the quarter, we took a price hike of 3% 
in Sanitaryware and 5% in Faucetware, but, unlike tiles companies, where some 
tiles companies have an impact of Rs. 200 crore or Rs. 300 crore in changes in gas 
cost, in CERA’s case, the impact is always between Rs. 5 crore and Rs. 10 crore 
annually in a rising gas cost environment. So, gas is 3% of sales. It's very different 
metrics to be applied for CERA and other tiles companies.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Archana Gude: 
Ayush, congrats on very decent set of numbers. So, I have two questions. Firstly, 
on the competitive intensity, so, a very strong player in pipes has entered into 
bathware, and the two tile players have been very aggressive on increasing the 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
sales from this segment. So, is the demand at the retail end is strong enough to 
support the pricing and margins going forward? How we should look at the 
competitive intensity going forward? I know you had replied this earlier, but what 
should give us the assurance that we should not be too much worried about 
CERA's growth, like how we have delivered in the past?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, we welcome any new entrants. You know, the same topic was raised when 
the top two tiles’ companies entered this business 12, 13 years ago. Then a very 
large paints Company, a giant, entered this business nine years ago. Again, the 
same question was asked, and the last mile between paints and sanitaryware is 
very different. And again, the last mile between tiles and sanitaryware is very 
different. And tiles is a predominantly B2B business. A B2B player entering a B2C 
segment is almost like a new business, which has to face all the challenges. You 
cannot just replicate the entire distribution model. Even the brand, the brand 
transferability is not that simple. So yes, you're seeing some tiles company, sorry, 
pipes companies are entering the business. If they come up with good designs, 
that will be good for the consumer. That's great. But globally, we have not heard 
of any success stories of companies who have replicated a behind-the-wall 
strategy to front-of-the-wall. We've not really heard of those success stories. And 
behind-the-wall strategy is selling to a plumber. Front-of-the-wall strategy is 
selling directly to the consumer based on aesthetics, design, and functionality. 
So, they are very different models.  
 
Archana Gude: 
Sure. Ayush, I missed out on the number. What is the percent of tiles in total sales 
for Q1?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
It is 10.25%. Rs. 40.48 crore, which translates into 10.25%.  
 
Archana Gude: 
And should we assume the same kind of run rate going ahead?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, tiles the what we've done is we've changed the complete product mix. So, 
now triple fired tile, then full body double charged. Now, even GVT, the way 
prices of GVT has been declining, it is no more a premium tile. So, I'll give you one 
example. Our Double Charge, which is now pretty much the most expensive tile 
that we are selling, share of Double Charge has moved from 16% to 22% of sales. 
Share of Soluble Salt, which is commoditized remains at 6% of sales. Share of wall 
tiles has moved from 26% to 30% of sales. Those are the initiatives. So without 
really going into a topline number, we are focusing totally on the bottom line 
number because this is a pure outsource model, a trading business.  
 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, that's helpful. And lastly, Ayush, I guess many would like to know, what is 
the succession plan for CERA? Who would be taking over from Mr. Vikram Somany 
as and when he retires? 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
I think the promoters have already made their intent clear with Deepshikha 
Khaitan is already Joint Managing Director. She has been on the Board for more 
than 10 years. She is running the business already for many years. So that is 
already an event that is behind us.  
 
Archana Gude: 
So, Deepshikha will be the next, in the shoes of Mr. Vikram Somany? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
No. That I am not saying what will happen in the future. I'm saying succession plan 
can be analyzed from the intent and past actions.  
 
Archana Gude: 
Right. But if the management can give a slightly more clear guidance to us, that 
will be really helpful.  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
The promoter team is Ms. Deepshikha Khaitan and Mr. Vikram Somany, and they 
are running the business currently. And as Joint Managing Director, Ms. Khaitan is 
running every aspect of the business for the last many years.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So, my question was on the volume growth. So, if we compare our topline with 
pre-COVID levels, our Sanitaryware has grown at 15%, Faucetware at 25% and our 
Tiles business has declined. So, in this number, if you could spell out the volume 
growth, which you have seen, that will be helpful.  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, volume growth is important and without volume growth the business really 
can't grow, but there's a reason why we don't discuss SKU-wise growth simply 
because now, the number of SKUs, I'll just give you the number. Total SKUs in 
Sanitaryware are already 515. Intentionally, the Company might decide to lower 
the sales of some SKUs, and increase the sales of newer SKUs, because the 
profitability matrix is completely different. In Faucets, we are now 978 SKUs. So, if 
we only restrict our discussion to volumes, it will not give a good flavor on this 
new product development, because product lifecycle has come down 
dramatically. And those who know the marble industry and they can take up the 
best references, the marble industry where designs come in and out of fashion. So 
similar trends are now visible in Faucetware and Sanitaryware.  
 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Okay, so if you could just give us a ballpark range that will be useful because it 
would help us ascertain the quality of growth and help us forecast better result. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
The best way to look at it is, let's say, the industry grows at 7% to 9% or 7% to 10% 
and CERA’s Faucetware will grow at almost 50% to 75% higher than industry 
growth. Half of that growth will be volume; half will be value. And Sanitaryware 
will grow 25% above industry growth. Again, half of that will be pricing-led and 
half will be volume-led.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash Shah from UTI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Akash Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of results. So, on a three-year CAGR basis from 
Q1FY20 to Q1FY23, what would be the price increase in Sanitaryware and 
Faucetware segments?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, over last year, Sanitaryware pricing went up by 21% and Faucetware by 26%. 
But last year was an extraordinary year. But normally, you will find that we have 
been a little ahead of the inflation curve. So, if you look at right from 2015 to up 
to COVID, we just would review our pricing twice a year, every March and October 
and we would stay ahead of the inflation curve. So, early teens you would say. 
 
Akash Shah: 
Okay. So, around 10%, 11%, 12%? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. Yes.  
 
Akash Shah: 
Yes. Sure. So, if we look at on a year-on-year basis, standalone gross margin 
numbers, so our gross margins actually reduced from 55.8% in Q1 FY22 to 53.7% 
in Q1 FY23. So, even though the product mix would have improved some bit and 
outsourcing portion would not have been not changed materially. So, still there 
was some pressure on gross margins. So, will you please help us reconcile or 
maybe understand why this was so?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, inward freight, gas and labor were the three variable costs that went up. So, in 
COGS you will find that the fixed costs which were 20% of costs more or less were 
stable. Amongst the 80% basket, there was slight increase. And if another price 
hike is to happen, it will come with a slight lag effect. Having taken so many price 
hikes in the last 15 months, we will wait to see because now, bulk of the raw 
materials including brass, and many other raw materials are now declining. Even 
gas from Sabarmati has declined by Rs. 2.5. So, in a declining RM environment, 
we'll wait to take any more price hikes, because there'll be a sufficient cushion. 
You are right 55.78% has become 53.7%, but that's the impact of slight changes in 
the variable cost, which is part of the COGS.  
 
Akash Shah: 
Sure. And going forward, maybe the price hikes that we have taken would help us 
come back to normalize the gross margins? 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, normalized was always between 48% and 52%. Because we saw 55% plus last 
year, that has become the new watermark. But if you go back to last eight, nine 
years, you will see between 48% to 52% was the normalized gross margin.  
 
Akash Shah: 
And just last bit on rural demand. So how is the demand situation in Tier-3, Tier-2 
towns, because predominantly, I mean, our large chunk of sales comes from these 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Call      
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
towns. If you can just help us understand, I mean, are there new smaller projects 
coming up and is there a visibility over next three, four years that we will be able 
to drive Sanitaryware and Faucetware sales in these towns?  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, Tier-3 and below are exactly where the meat of the market lies. So, I'll give 
you some data to add color to your question. Export is 1% of sales this quarter. 
Tier-1 sales, which are population centers about 25 lakh is 30% of sales. Tier-2 
cities with population of between 10 lakh and 25 lakh is 13% of sales, and Tier-3 
towns with population up to 10 lakh is 56% of sales. So, though our definition of 
Tier-3 is very high, but that's where the meat of the market is, and bulk of the 
efforts, whether it's opening new showrooms, new dealer engagement, 
appointing new dealers, creating infrastructure sales team, all is directed in Tier-3 
markets. But at the same time, you saw a share of Tier-1 go from 27% last year to 
30% this year. And that's again the outcome of new product development 
program and newer, higher-end SKU is being launched by the Company and being 
accepted by the marketplace.  
 
Akash Shah: 
Sure. Sorry, so, are we seeing new projects coming up? Just this last thing. 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes, the new projects in Tier-3 towns are self-funded projects, and they don't have 
multiple stage approval processes like we have in Bombay and other cities. So, the 
lifecycle of those projects is six months, nine months, and they are not dependent 
on external Bank funding, construction finance etc. So, there is much lower risk, 
and we are not dealing with those projects directly. Our dealers are, as and when 
required. There is no negotiated pricing, there is no credit risk. So those are the 
pluses of those projects, and the velocity is very strong in those cities.  
 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments.  
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and for showing 
interest in CERA Sanitaryware Limited. CERA remains positive that its strong 
positioning in the industry, improving macros will help it deliver steady and 
consistent growth going forward. Should you need any further clarification or 
would like to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me 
or CDR India. Thank you once again for taking time to join the call and see you all 
next quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. So, on behalf of CERA Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
