August 10, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
- 
Transcript 
of 
the 
Investors Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript 
of Investors Conference Call for Un-audited financial results for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on Friday, 
August 5, 2022. 
The link to access the transcript of the Investors Conference Call is given below: 
https://jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/6q2consfileJubilantIngreviaLimited-
Q1FY23ResultConcallTranscript-Final.pdf  
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: as above 
DEEPANJ
ALI 
GULATI
Digitally signed 
by DEEPANJALI 
GULATI 
Date: 2022.08.10 
20:47:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
 
 
1. Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Hari S. Bhartia, Co-Chairman and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
4. Mr. Rajesh Kr Srivastava, CEO & Managing Director 
5. Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht President & Chief Financial Officer 
6. Mr. Pavleen Singh Taneja, Director Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
1. Tarang Agrawal – Old Bridge Capital 
2. Rohan Gupta – Edelweiss Financial Services  
3. Rohit Sinha – Sunidhi Securities 
4. Bajrang Bafna – Sunidhi Securities 
5. Vineet Gala – Monarch Networth Capital 
6. Nitesh Dhoot – Prabhudas Lilladher 
7. Sunil Kothari – Unique PMS 
8. Ronil Jain – Electrum PMS 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 26 
 
     
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 5, 2022 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Singh Taneja, Director, 
Investor Relations, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir.  
 
Pavleen Singh Taneja:  
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our Q1 FY2023 
earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I would like to remind 
you that some of the statements made on the call today could be forward-
looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included 
in the press release and results presentation that has been shared on our 
website. 
 
On the call today we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, 
Co-Chairman; Mr. Rajesh Srivastava, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. 
Prakash Chandra Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited; and Mr. Arvind 
Chokhany, Group CFO Jubilant Bhartia Group. 
 

 
Page 3 of 26 
 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
 
Shyam Bhartia:  
Thank you, Pavleen. We are glad to announce steady operational and 
financial performance in Q1 FY'23 in the backdrop of inflationary 
headwinds, leading to higher raw materials and energy costs during the 
quarter. 
 
In our Specialty Chemicals business, revenue grew 26% year-on-year, on 
account of strong demand across all our product segments. We witnessed 
significant increase in input costs, including energy costs, which was passed 
on partially during the quarter, impacting segment's EBITDA margin. 
 
Our Nutrition & Health Solution business, Niacinamide sales volume were 
significantly impacted due to spread of Avian and Swine Flu in EU and U.S. 
regions leading to lower segment revenue and EBITDA. However, the price 
realization was better during the quarter. This is a short-term challenge in 
the segment and business continues to maintain its market share and 
leadership position. 
 
In our Chemical Intermediates business, we continue to witness strong 
demand resulting into volume growth. Business is maintaining the 
leadership position of Acetic Anhydride in domestic market and also 
improving market share in Europe. On Y-on-Y basis, segment has witnessed 
normalization of market situation and lower acetic acid prices, which is also 
reflecting in both revenue and EBITDA. 
 
We are fully committed towards our growth aspirations and we are excited 
to realize the emerging opportunities going forward in our business 
segments. We are fully confident of moving ahead with our well defined 
growth CapEx plans, which is supported by our internal accruals. Our aim is 
to achieve sustainable profitable growth in the medium term. And 

 
Page 4 of 26 
 
structurally, we are poised towards moving on to the next tier of 
performance in our growth journey and margins. 
 
With this, I hand over to Rajesh to discuss the businesses in detail. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. At the outset, let 
me welcome you all for joining us today for Q1 FY'23 quarterly investor call 
for Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I sincerely hope that you and your loved ones 
are keeping very well. 
 
Let me now take you through the details of Q1 FY'23 financial and 
operational performance of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Revenue during the 
quarter was Rs. 1,166 crore, driven by volume growth in Specialty 
Chemicals and Chemical Intermediates segment. EBITDA during the quarter 
stood at Rs. 151 crore. During the quarter, we have witnessed significant 
increase in raw material costs as well as energy costs. However, we have 
witnessed a significant improvement in our logistics situation. 
 
We remain focused on continuous improvement in efficiencies using 
various business excellence tools and techniques to maintain 
competitiveness in ongoing challenging global environment. Sustainability 
is an integrated part of our culture and purposeful action. We believe in 
delivering on our promise of Caring, Sharing, Growing. In parallel to 
sustainability reporting, various ESG initiatives are being taken to enhance 
and drive long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders, while 
minimizing the environmental footprint of our operations. 
 
Under CSR program during the quarter, our team completed the plantation 
of more than 100,000 fruit tree in the community to ensure green coverage 
as well as sustainable livelihood to the farmer. Further, we have planned 
various other CSR programs designed in the realm of Health, Education and 
Livelihood of community around our facilities. 

 
Page 5 of 26 
 
 
Now let me take you through the update on all our three business 
segments. 
 
Specialty Chemicals:  
Revenue of Specialty Chemicals business was Rs. 382 crore and EBITDA was 
Rs. 64 crore during the quarter. Specialty Chemicals revenue grew by 26% 
on year-on-year basis, mainly driven by higher volumes across product 
segments. Revenue share to agrochemical customers grew significantly. 
We also witnessed healthy demand for oil field chemicals. Segment EBITDA 
and margin was lower, mainly due to unprecedented and sharp increase in 
input costs, including energy costs, which was passed on partly during the 
quarter. Our newly commissioned Diketene plant is now fully stabilized, 
and we have achieved the designed capacity. We are gearing up to meet 
the volume requirements of customers in coming quarters. 
 
We are witnessing positive traction in our Chloro-pyridine range of 
products. Deliveries of our recently contracted CDMO products are 
happening on time. All our other products in CDMO business are moving as 
per plan. Our CDMO pipeline is healthy and progressing positively. Our new 
GMP and non-GMP facilities, which are expected to be ready during Q3 
FY'23, will help us in capturing growing demand of CDMO projects. For our 
other Specialty Chemicals products also, we continue to observe positive 
traction of demand from both domestic as well as international customers 
due to China plus one strategy of most of our customers. 
 
Nutrition & Health Solution business: 
Revenue of Nutrition business was Rs. 150 crore and EBITDA was Rs. 19 
crore. Our focus to maximize Niacinamide share in niche segments like 
Food & Cosmetics is getting positive results. On a year-on-year basis, the 
volumes in Food & Cosmetics segment continues to see positive trends. 
However, overall Niacinamide sales volume in Animal Feed segments 

 
Page 6 of 26 
 
during the quarter is impacted due to spread of Avian and Swine Flu in EU 
and U.S. regions, resulted into lower segment revenue and EBITDA, though 
price realization was better during the quarter. Flu situation in EU and U.S. 
regions is now improving and is expected to normalize during later part of 
the current quarter. This is a short-term challenge in the segment and 
business continues to maintain its market share and leadership position. 
 
In our Animal Nutrition & Health Solution business, our focus is to improve 
market share of existing products and to further increase revenue by 
adding new products and new customers for value-added specialty premix. 
Animal Nutrition & Health Solution business is witnessing good traction for 
demand from domestic customers. 
 
Chemical Intermediates business:  
Revenue from Chemical Intermediates segment is Rs. 633 crore and EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 76 crore. Our key products in the segment, Acetic Anhydride, 
witnessed strong demand resulting into 22% volume growth on year-on-
year basis. On Y-o-Y basis, segment has also witnessed normalized market 
situation coupled with lower acetic acid prices, which is also reflecting into 
our revenue as well as EBITDA. 
 
After more than one and a half years now, acetic acid prices seems to be 
stabilizing. Revenue from Europe and the rest of the world have gone up 
significantly on Y-o-Y basis. Our market share in Europe has improved 
significantly and is continuing to grow. We continue to maintain domestic 
market leadership for Acetic Anhydride and remained a key supplier of 
Ethyl Acetate. We are witnessing good traction of demand for our new 
product that is Propionic Anhydride. While we expect to continue our 
growth in market share in Europe market, we continue to maintain our 
domestic market leadership for Acetic Anhydride and remained a key 
supplier for Ethyl Acetate. 
 

 
Page 7 of 26 
 
Outlook & Growth CAPEX Plan: 
We expect overall healthy revenue growth during FY'23, led by volume 
growth in Specialty Chemicals and Chemical Intermediates business 
segment. Commissioning of our three new CAPEX, that is CDMO GMP 
CDMO non-GMP and Acetic Anhydride is likely to aid the revenue growth.  
 
In the Nutrition & Health Solution segment, Niacinamide demand is 
expected to start normalizing during the latter part of the current quarter. 
We expect our EBITDA of subsequent quarters of FY'23 to improve, 
assuming no unexpected adverse situation. 
 
We are fully committed towards our growth aspirations and we are excited 
to realize the emerging opportunities through our ongoing growth CAPEX 
plan of Rs. 2,050 crore during FY'22 to FY'25 period. We are strategizing 
towards improving our revenue mix of Specialty and Nutrition segments 
together to 65% by FY'26 from 46% in FY'22, and we believe this will be a 
key driver for overall margin improvements. 
 
With this, I now hand over to Prakash to discuss the financials. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
Thank you, Rajesh. A very good evening to everyone, and thank you for 
joining us on Q1 FY'23 quarterly conference call. 
 
I would now highlight the company's financial performance during the 
quarter ended June 30, 2022. Revenue from operations during Q1 FY'23 
was at Rs. 1,160 crore as compared with Rs. 1,145 crore in Q1 last year, 
registering a growth of 2% on a year-on-year basis. The EBITDA during the 
quarter was at Rs. 151 crore as against Rs. 287 crore in Q1 FY'22. The 
margins stood at 12.9% in Q1 FY'23 as against 25.1% in Q1 FY'22. The drop 
in year-on-year EBITDA is mainly due to normalization of EBITDA in 
Chemical Intermediates segment, which was high in previous period due to 
favorable market situation. 

 
Page 8 of 26 
 
 
EBITDA margin of Nutrition segment were impacted due to lower sales on 
account of Bird and Swine Flu in Europe and U.S. regions, while EBITDA 
margins of Specialty segment was impacted due to high energy costs, which 
were passed on only partially during the quarter. Depreciation and 
amortization expenses during the quarter were at Rs. 31 crore. Finance cost 
during the quarter was significantly lower at INR 4 crore versus Rs. 13 crore 
in Q1 FY'22, a reduction of 68% year-on-year on account of repayment of 
debt and lower interest rates. 
 
The tax expense for Q1 FY'23 was at Rs. 36 crore. The company will continue 
to remain under the old tax regime during FY'23 and the ETR is expected to 
remain in the range of 31% to 32% during FY'23. PAT during the quarter was 
at Rs. 79 crore as against Rs. 168 crore in Q1 FY'22, witnessing a decline of 
53% year-on-year basis due to lower EBITDA.  
 
Gross debt as on 30 June was Rs. 285 crore and net debt stood at Rs. 228 
crore as on 30 June, '22. The blended interest rate for Q1 FY'23 was 5.72%, 
as against 7.09% in Q1 FY'22. 
 
The net working capital percentage and number of days of working capital 
for Q1 FY'23 on the basis of trailing 12 months turnover were at 17.9% and 
65 days respectively. Increase in net working capital is driven by short-term 
decision to maintain higher inventory to manage uncertainty of market and 
supply chain situation. The capital expenditures during the quarter was 
approximately Rs. 77 crore. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be 
happy to address any questions that you may have. 
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 26 
 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just two questions from my side. So one, the power and fuel expenses, 
clearly, there was an acute implication in this quarter versus the base. Just 
wanted to get a sense exactly what happened and how recurrent is it going 
to be going forward? And number two, in the Specialty Chemicals business 
was there a substantial contribution of the Diketene capacities or will we 
see that those volumes come in? How do you see the utilization of that 
commercialized capacity now going forward in FY'23? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Tarang, on energy, in our Gajraula plant we use coal for power as well as 
steam generation. We are allowed to have FSA coal which is the contracted 
from the Government because of the Government's decision not to supply 
coal to industries for short-term period, we did not get those volumes 
which were at a good price and all the coal we had to import from outside 
which was at a much higher price. That has impacted our profitability for 
the quarter. This is in the tune of almost Rs. 45 crore. And even today, FSA 
coal is not available, but we are expecting that from 1st of September, the 
coal will be now available to us from FSA. The impact which has happened 
in quarter Q1, partly will also have in Q2. That is one-time impact which we 
have never seen in the past. 
 
On Specialty Chemicals, the Diketene plant is well stabilized. We have 
achieved the capacity. Now we are gearing up to supply the volume to 
customers. The approval processes are on. Some volumes have started 
happening but the actual real capacity utilization we will see from the Q2, 
or end of Q3. Q3 onwards, we will actually see the real capacity utilization 
of Diketene. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a follow-up on the power and fuel and the fact that you were able to 
pass on some bit of it to your customers in Specialty Chemicals, but not 
fully, at least that's the sense that I got from the press release and the 
opening address. So going forward, how does that work? Do you believe in 

 
Page 10 of 26 
 
your conversations with your customers they're open to, because my sense 
is, they would also be going through significant inflation in their 
procurement? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No. on all of our products, all the input raw material costs we have passed 
on. This unprecedented increase of coal unfortunately was not fully passed 
on. We are definitely capable to pass on the prices, but this was really 
unprecedented. So in future also, whatever raw material price goes up, we 
normally pass on. We have done that even this quarter. That's why we are 
saying partly because this unprecedented increase of coal was not fully 
passed on. 
 
Tarang Agrawal:  
Last question on the Chemical Intermediates business. Given you're gaining 
market share in Europe and considering the developments in Europe and 
the end demand for your customer, are you anticipating some sort of 
softness in that business going forward or do you believe that you'll be able 
to grow those volumes and gain market share in the manner in which 
you've been doing in the last two, three quarters? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Tarang, I mean, contrary to what you are saying, we are saying the 
European market demand going up. The reason is that there are new uses. 
for Anhydride as I have been explaining in my last quarters, that Anhydride 
new users have come which are consuming large volume of Anhydride. And 
therefore, the demand is much more than the volume which is available. 
So we have not seen whatever you're saying. In fact, for us, it's the 
improvement in demand. And therefore, our market share in European 
market is also growing. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Rohan Gupta:  
Sir, a couple of questions and a bit of clarification. First on Specialty 
Chemicals. Even on quarter-on-quarter basis, we have seen the dip in 
absolute EBIT or EBITDA. Is it only because of the higher fuel cost and coal 
cost which you have just explained or there was also some pressure on 
margins overall basis also or some cost increase which we have not been 
able to pass on or pass on with a lag? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:   
I think you are right that quarter-on-quarter, Specialty Chemical reduction 
is not only because of coal. There are two incidences which happened, 
which I would like to highlight. One, China was locked down for almost two 
and a half months to three months in last quarter. And we have a good 
export of our Specialty Chemical to even China. So we have seen some 
impact of volume in China and that also was very one-time impact. And the 
second one is something which we do once in six to seven years in our 
Pyridines plant. We do catalyst change once in six, seven years. So we did 
not plan that in this year, but we had to take that catalyst change during 
the first quarter. So we had impact of some volume in Pyridine also and 
these two reasons led the Specialty Chemicals quarter-on-quarter to be 
lower in volume. Otherwise, you are right that this was not only purely on 
coal. 
 
Rohan Gupta:  
So both of these reasons are one-off and China has improved and this 
shutdown has? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Absolutely. So some of the Pyridine volumes, we have not launched, it was 
only quarter shift. So we are coming back with the better volume in Pyridine 
as well as China is now picking up in Specialty. So this was mostly one-off. 
You are right, we would have not seen that gap from quarter-to-quarter. 
                                                    
Rohan Gupta: 
On the coal cost increase which you have mentioned has impacted your 
profitability up to you mentioned Rs. 40 crore, Rs. 45 crore. Did I get that 
number right? 

 
Page 12 of 26 
 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes, you are right. 
 
Rohan Gupta:  
So the coal cost still remains. I mean, the Government is still not giving us. 
The coal cost scenario will still remain the same till 1st of September or it 
can go beyond that also? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes, we will be higher on cost. But yes, because volumes are improving, we 
are also trying to improve our pricing to the customer to the extent 
possible. Definitely, the situation of profitability should be better. 
 
 
Rohan Gupta:  
Sir, on our Nutrition business, we have seen that there's some kind of dip 
even on a quarterly basis and some margin compression. Any particular 
reason that has been driving this business or lower profitability in the 
current quarter? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Nutrition business also has the impact from this coal price. On pricing front, 
Nutrition business stood well in the market. So it's only volume and the cost 
because of the coal price, that's all. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
In Nutrition, there is no one-off like it's Specialty except coal? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No, Nutrition is one-off mainly because of the flu which we highlighted very 
boldly that in Europe and U.S., no one is in a position to sell Vitamin. And 
therefore, volumes are lost because of this flu now which now is improving 
and later part of this quarter is improving and we will see the real long life 
situation in Q3 up efficiently. 
  
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, In terms of this Europe's energy crisis what we are hearing is impacting 
many plants in Europe. And previously, some of the large plants like BASF 
and all have given warnings that they may see the closure. Do you see that 
for our business? And I think that we are definitely supplier to some of 

 
Page 13 of 26 
 
these chemical players in Europe as well. Do you see that there can be any 
kind of risk for our products that if those plants goes for closure, our 
volumes may be impacted in near-term? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
If you see other products which we sell in Europe, they are mostly value-
added products. What you are talking about are mostly on building blocks 
which are most energy-intensive. Our end uses of products are not very 
high energy-intensive. And the contribution of energy costs to the finished 
product is not very large which is affecting the overall consumption. So we 
have not seen any drop in consumption of our product in Europe. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rohit Sinha:  
Sir, on the Fluorine Specialty business, just wanted to know what kind of 
progress we have made in this segment and how has been the customer 
acceptance as of now? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
We have explained that plant is expected to start sometime next year. If 
you see our detailed presentation, we have said that it will start next year 
because the product is still under scale-up and we will decide sometime 
during this year at the end of the year and plant should be ready next year 
only. 
 
Rohit Sinha:  
How the customer acceptance would be in progress after completing the 
project then only the samples would be sent to the customers or already 
those are sent to the customers? As and when it would be approved, we 
will be starting the commercial production? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No. We already have a plant, as I said earlier also. We have a Fluorination 
plant from where we are developing two, three products. So all customer 
approvals are already happening from the existing plant. What we have 

 
Page 14 of 26 
 
announced is that fluorinated derivative volume capacity, that should 
come. Approval process is not hindered because of not having that facility. 
We already have a facility for the last two, three years developing the 
product, which is CDMO product, which will take some time to scale up and 
make it to the market. 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
If it's possible can you share, what kind of margin profile we should expect 
in each segment going forward on an annualized basis? As maybe in one or 
two quarters we may see some volatility, but on an annualized basis, would 
it be possible to give any ballpark number for segmental margin profile? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
We have been saying that in our Specialty Chemical & Nutrition business, 
our margin profile currently should be in the range of 18% to 20%. In our 
Chemical Intermediates business, our margin profile will be close to 10%. 
That's what we have been saying. And an improvement on this margin 
profile will happen as and when we are bringing the new capacities on 
Specialty and Nutrition to expand the ratio of Specialty and Nutrition 
revenue more, our margins will improve. As of now, you can expect 
anything between 18% to 20% on annualized basis. 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
So basically, your CAPEX and all which is basically coming up and possibly 
as you are indicating that maybe Q2 also had some cost pressure. So from 
second half of FY'23 probably you will be having a better margin profile? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
You are very right.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Sir, on last call also, I was trying to understand the acceptance of green 
chemicals. So when I say green chemicals, it means the chemistry which is 
without crude-based starting derivatives. You are the one of the pioneer in 

 
Page 15 of 26 
 
that business and having lot of experience of last so many years. And now 
this de-carbonization is a global story, which is coming up or shaping up 
very well. So out of your existing product profile, how that ratio is? And the 
new CAPEX that you are going through, which is close to Rs. 2,000 crore, 
what is the break-up which is moving towards this non-crude-based 
chemistry or the green chemistry? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, I remember you mentioned this point in the last call and we are already 
going through the process of evaluating our carbon footprint saving 
because of our greener product, but it will take some time. We are working 
on that. In addition to that, we are also working on how to bring savings on 
our carbon dioxide emission with various ESG initiatives, which we have 
taken, which I already spoke about it in my speech also. Those details will 
be available after some time, maybe six to eight months' time, probably 
you have to hold it on. We are definitely working on that on each of our 
products, plus the new CAPEX which we just said.  
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Yes, I got that point. But even if not on the ballpark percentage number, I 
am just trying to understand from a customer's perspective that since the 
Europe and the developed world wants to use more and more non-crude-
based products or these decarbonized products. How they are demanding 
these products from you? Because we have always seen that the price 
differential between these products and the crude-based derivatives is 
always detrimental for non-crude-based products. But since now there is a 
theory, there is an acceptance. So whether those customers are demanding 
more and more green products from you and that is why you have come 
up with this 25,000 metric ton Acetic Acid plants, which will purely come 
from non-crude-based grain. If you could tell us something about that will 
be really helpful?         
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Acetic Acid case is totally different. Acetic acid is a Green Acetic Acid and 
the demand is specifically separately for food products. But the product 

 
Page 16 of 26 
 
which we are making is Specialty Chemicals and other products. They are 
used 
for 
pharmaceutical 
and 
agrochemicals 
and 
value-added 
intermediates. Now in the process they are gaining some carbon footprint. 
But to the extent whether they will pay us higher price for that, today is a 
big question mark. But you are very right. Going forward, with the pressure 
on net zero is increasing and Europe is taking the lead to source the product 
from the companies who are working on net zero, I think they we will get 
some benefits in our market share. But other than food grade Acetic Acid, 
which is used for food, I don't think any products which we are supplying in 
agrochemical and pharmaceutical will fetch us some better price we have 
not seen in the market. 
 
Bajrang Bafna:  
Sir, still it is a story of the future, not in the current scenario it is happening? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
And remember, if we are supplying to any food business, absolutely spot 
on, we will get the benefit. But if it is a non-food business, you said the 
intermediates, today people are not really looking at that field. 
 
Bajrang Bafna:  
Sir, on the ethanol side, what is the additional capacity that we are putting 
up which can help us to achieve this green group more frequently in the 
future? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
We have already said that we are planning for one grain-based ethanol, 
which again, we have still not committed CAPEX, but it is in our planning. 
We are expected to do some time in Q3 or Q4. We will announce that. And 
we will start the process and planning of new CAPEX. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vineet Gala from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Vineet Gala:  
Sir, if you could elaborate on the inventory gain that we have, because of 
which the gross margins look really rich. And even with the lower Acetic 
Acid prices, how did we arrive at this inventory gain element? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No, you are reading it wrongly. There is no inventory gain in the quarter. 
You are right, actually, there is a loss of Acetic Acid, because if you 
remember, we closed the last quarter at around $740 of Acetic Acid and in 
June quarter we closed at around $540. So there has been some impact 
negatively. What you see our margin in Anhydride business is purely on 
volume. So we have drawn significant volume in Europe I mentioned in my 
earlier discussion. So volume of Acetic Anhydride is strong and it is 
continuing to be strong and we are maintaining our prices also. So there 
has been impact of coal prices also on Anhydride, but we are in a position 
to recover that. So in case of Chemical Intermediates, we are in a position 
to push the margins because of volume. 
 
Vineet Gala: 
Sir, if I look at your consolidated numbers, I see gross margins north of say 
like 49%. So is this sustainable? 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
49% gross margin you are saying at the overall level? 
 
Vineet Gala:  
Correct. Gross margin. So if I'm just looking at the changes in inventory, 
there is a negative amount of around Rs. 112 crore. So I just wanted to 
understand that. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava :  
That is because of extra volume we have sold. 
 
Vineet Gala:  
So the low cost inventory got sold, is what we mean to say? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Absolutely, yes. 
 

 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Prakash Bisht  
I think the correct way to read it is because you are reading it with Q4. In 
Q4 we had a very, very high inventory loss. To that extent because this 
quarter it is lower. So that advantage is also reflecting in this quarter's 
results. So because the last quarter that is why the profit of Chemical 
Intermediates was low because we had an inventory loss, which this 
quarter is much less. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:   
We had inventory loss larger than this quarter. Therefore, you see the 
better improvement. 
 
Vineet Gala:  
Beyond this current quarter, I just wanted to understand your plans on Agro 
Actives. I came across a marketing template on your website only where in 
some of very interesting products which are being marketed, including 
Fluroxypyr or Pyriproxyfen. What is the timeline around this project in 
terms of validation? What is the kind of pipeline we are building on the 
competition? If you could throw up some perspective on these two 
segments will be very helpful. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
So now that you have seen the product list in our website and you have 
realized that most of these products are quite exciting, particularly from 
the requirement of domestic market also. All those products are under 
approval process with customers and also we have started working on 
regulatory approvals in various countries working with customers. So at the 
plant situation, as we have explained in our presentation, sometime in Q4 
FY'24, we will be meeting our capex targets for agro because it's a totally 
greenfield plant. So it will be ready by Q4 FY'24. And till that time, we expect 
that we should be in a position to get the approvals from customers as well 
as we should be in a position to take our regulatory clearances from the 
various countries and sales should be in the position to start from FY'25 
onwards. 
 

 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Vineet Gala: 
FY'25 onwards. How big can this segment be over, say like three years after 
it starts over FY'28, FY’27? How big can this be given the kind of pipeline we 
are targeting? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Because we are making phase-wise investment, in the first phase, we are 
almost making investment of Rs. 200 crore or so. And as we have said that 
in Agrochemicals, our assets to turnover will be close to 1.52x, that's Phase-
1. and then Phase-2, which will be herbicide and further expansion of 
insecticide, that we have not yet announced. So you can keep calculating 
the growth prospects for that business. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot:  
Just wanted some clarification on Slide 45, which is on CAPEX. I compare 
this with the Q4 presentation, one CAPEX item has been removed which is 
Acetaldehyde. But when we see the total amount committed, that has 
increased from Rs. 800 crore to Rs. 900 crore? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava        
That Acetaldehyde investment was more for captive, which has gone along 
with the other investment. So that is why you don't see that. Normally, 
Acetaldehyde is our captive consumption which also used for our food-
grade Acetic Acid that is already completed and part is being completed. 
You will not see that as a separate investment. 
 
 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
The total amount committed that has gone up from Rs. 800 crore to Rs. 900 
crore, whereby there is no additional item that has come in. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes, amount is going up because of the overall market situation of CAPEX 
costs, etc. 
 

 
Page 20 of 26 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
The total investment remains the same. When we had come to you in May, 
we had disclosed the commitment till that time. And since then, over this 
quarter we have made a further commitment of Rs. 100 crore. So Rs. 800 
crore has become Rs. 900 crore. But you would see, on the future, there is 
a corresponding. Earlier it was Rs. 1,250 crore. Since Rs. 100 crore has come 
here, so it has become Rs. 1,150 crore. So the total remains the same. Since 
we have committed Rs. 100 crore now, so Rs. 100 crore has shifted from 
the bucket of to be committed to already committed. 
 
Out of this Rs. 100 crore, Rs. 75 crore was in Specialty and Rs. 25 crore was 
in Chemical Intermediates. When you will compare it with the last 
presentation, you would find that there is a corresponding decrease in 
these numbers. Earlier we had said Specialty at Rs. 750 crore, which is now 
Rs. 675 crore because R.s 75 crore has already been committed. And earlier, 
the Chemical Intermediates was Rs. 300 crore, now it is Rs. 275 crore 
because Rs. 25 crore is already committed. 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
And remember, these CAPEX which we are writing on this slide are major 
CAPEX. But beyond that, as we explained in various calls that we keep doing 
debottlenecking of our existing facilities. And therefore, you see some 
numbers changing in our commitment. So that's a continuous process. So 
you will see some changes in numbers, but you will not find that in specific 
CAPEX here because these are only major CAPEX which we have 
highlighted. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. just to follow-up on CAPEX itself. I was talking on Slide 46. if you could 
just help us understand this a bit better as to how should one read these 
numbers? Is it in value terms or in tonnage terms? And if I'm looking at the 
Specialty Chemicals particularly, you're seeing there is 3.5% mentioned as 
new capacity, whereas 13.6% is debottlenecking. Despite three upcoming 
major plants, GMP, non-GMP and another one I believe, all put together 

 
Page 21 of 26 
 
would be only 3.5% versus that debottlenecking would be such a large 
number? If you could just give some color on this? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So what you're reading here is not the capacity. This is actually our revenue 
profile. So the CAPEX which will be rated this year, all of them are coming 
in Q3. You can imagine that in the current year, the impact from the 
revenue from those CAPEX will not be that significant. That will come in 
future years. That's why you are seeing that. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So maybe just one more question on CAPEX. Rs. 2,000 crore of CAPEX put 
together, adding around INR 4,500 crore of top-line, implying a 2.25x asset 
turn, would it be possible to break it up on the segment-wise? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We can broadly give you the segment-wise, but you don't take us for 
granted on that. Roughly on Specialty segment, it could be close to 1.5x to 
2x. In Nutrition segment, it will be close to 2x to 2.5x; in Chemical 
Intermediates segment, it could be 2x to 2.5x. It is because it's mostly the 
batch processes where you find the investment more, but the revenue is 
not that much higher. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot:  
Sir, one question on the Nutrition business. How much the Specialty 
Premixes contribute to Nutrition business currently? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
That's not very significant. That's a small business which we are growing 
now. And that Nutrition Premix business in India is not very large and 
currently, we are focusing Indian market because that market is now 
growing significantly higher, because now Animal Feed segment is looking 
for more and more field access. The demand is growing. The market is 
growing. And therefore, we are also launching new products. Though value 
will be not large, but they are very niche segments where the margins are 
better. 
 

 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So would it be fair to say that Niacinamide a large part of the business 
maybe like in upwards of 75%, 80% for your Nutrition segment? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes, you’re right. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And just moving out this quarter's disappointment because of the flu, will 
it be fair to say that Niacinamide would be at lower utilization for you? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes, you’re right. It was lower utilization of capacity. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot:  
How do we see growth coming in in the Nutrition segment for the last part 
of FY'23 or maybe FY'24? Given that that there is some delay that is 
supposed to come out with? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We have said that in the current year, we are not expecting the volume 
growth over last year in Vitamin B3 because our first quarter and second 
quarter will be impacted. But from Q3 onwards, the demand will be 
normalized and we will see the Q3 and Q4 in the normal case. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So Q3 and Q4, sir. H2 versus last year's H2 would see volume growth? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So last year, we will see some impact in volume. We could see some impact. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So what I understand is that the Niacinamide Capex, the 20% increase that 
you had mentioned earlier, that increase is not happening this year? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
We are adding that capacity because in H2 this year also, the volume will 
be definitely more than last year H2. The growth is happening. Just because 
of this one-time impact in Q1 and partly in Q2, we will need capacity in 
future because Vitamin B3 is a very important product, which we have 
never seen this situation what we have seen in Q1. We will go through the 

 
Page 23 of 26 
 
capacity expansion, we are going through the capacity because we will 
need capacity in H2 this year also. 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So that will happen in this year only or it will happen in FY'24, the 
expansion? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
It will happen this year and mainly we will do in next year. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my question is a little long, please bear with me. My point I would like 
to understand is, since during the last three, four, five years, India as a 
chemical industry, really we got benefits of lot of things like China's 
pollution problem, people were finding out some China plus one, in 
between COVID and some supply disruption also advantage of very high 
prices. So many things happened. So with your experience and your 
vantage point of last 30, 40 years’ experience, how do you see any major 
change happening in terms of say Indian chemical industries capability or 
prices or demand. Would you like to say some few sentences on this 
situation? Is there any change made that China again coming back and 
supplying and the competitiveness is increasing, anything about this thing? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So we are seeing two changes clearly in the industry, at least for us. One is 
our end use customers, some of the products which we have produced 
outside, now they are more produced in India. Therefore, if you see our 
domestic sales also is strong and you can fairly assume that our consistency 
becomes much better because then the competition from China is normally 
neutralized because the domestic customers could prefer to buy from us as 
long as they get a good quality and good price. That is the one change. 
 

 
Page 24 of 26 
 
The second, as you said, the customers are now looking at an alternate 
option to source. So definitely, if they have an option of China and India for 
the same product, they would prefer us to see sell more share. And 
therefore, our share of each of our products to our existing customers and 
new customers is increasing. These are the two clear changes we are 
observing. Third one is the new inquiries for our CDMO business is also 
upwards.  
 
Sunil Kothari: 
So both these changes indicate that people like us will have a bigger 
opportunity. Compared to last three, five years, next three, five years 
would be domestic import subscription and plus higher exports? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. And that is one of the reasons you see that in our growth CAPEX we 
had both, new product CAPEX as well as we have capacity expansion CAPEX. 
So like CDMO, CGMP, Anhydride, Vitamin B3, all these are the mix of 
CAPEX. They are not only for the new product. They are new product as 
well as capacity expansion. 
 
Sunil Kothari: 
And this first quarter's numbers, mainly because of this power and fuel 
almost Rs. 100 crore plus compared to last year. It shows that there is some 
high competition in the market compared to some previous last 12 months 
or 24 months or how to look at this situation? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
If you see the competition of the similar product segment, I think everybody 
is impacted in the same way. Of course, if you see the competition in a 
different product segment, different business segments, obviously that will 
not be a good competitor. 
 
Sunil Kothari:  
So will it be possible to pass on this cost if it continues or we have to absorb 
and improve our cost efficiency and productivity? 
 

 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No. If it continues, obviously, we have to pass on this cost because we can't 
keep absorbing these costs. So as we explained, partly we have passed on, 
some more we will pass on in this quarter. But we hope that it should 
normalize. It's not abruptly we will have to pass on.                                      
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romil Jain from Electrum PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Romil Jain:  
My question is on the capacities that we are adding up, the Rs. 2,000 odd 
crore of CAPEX that we are doing. Segment-wise, do we see in any of the 
product segments any oversupply kind of a scenario in the industry? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
No, we don't see in any of our products oversupply situation. 
 
Romil Jain: 
So that means in those segments we should retain some pricing power as 
and when we need it? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Yes. 
 
Romil Jain:  
And similarly on the Diketene? 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
As I explained, most of our products demand is growing up. So we are 
expanding capacity. So we are not seeing any pressure on our existing 
products of overcapacity. 
 
Moderator:  
We'll move to the next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old 
Bridge Capital. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just wanted to check between the three businesses, which of them is the 
most intensive in power and fuel and which one is the least? 
 

 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Rajesh Srivastava:  
Specialty Chemicals segment is the most power intensive. And then second 
is Chemical Intermediates. And then the third is Nutrition business. 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
We thank you for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to 
answer your queries. For further clarification, we would request you to 
contact our Investor Relations team. Good evening, and thank you once 
again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
Note: There could be unpublished price sensitive information that would have been shared 
/discussed during the call and we have shared Audio Transcript to the Stock Exchanges on 
August 5, 2022 for information of public at large. 
