Scrip Code: BANKINDIA 
Scrip Code: 532149 
The Vice President — Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051.  
The Vice-President — Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
**''s/1"' B01 4kr 
Bank of India 
OW. Ref. No.: HO:IRC:SVM:2022-23:210 	
famich Date: 12.08.2022. 
Sub: Q1 FY 2022-23 Earnings conference call 
with Ananlysts/ Investors — Transcript. 
Ref : Our Letter HO/IRC/SVM/2022-23/ dated 03.08.2022 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
conference call Q1 FY 22-23 held on 02.08.2022. 
The transcript of Q1 FY22-23 Earnings conference call is uploaded on Bank's 
website and the same can be accessed through below link : 
https://www.bankofindia.co.in/AnalystConferenceCallTranscript 
This is for your information and records. 
5-Tatrzi Yours faithfully, 
a.\2 
(Ra sh Upadhya) 
*141' 	
'tiSla Company Secretary 
Classification: 	jai Sub-Classification: Finance C - 
79,1•19- 	
=?T. 	
t,-1-1, 31164i ltrA79-, 41-5, 	
, 7t7T1-1-, 	
- 400 051 
Head Office: investor Relations Cell, Star House - I, 8th Floor, C-5, G-Block, Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 Ph.: (022) 6668 4490 
Fax: (022) 6668 4491 Email: headoffice.share@bankofindia.co.in  

Bank of India t.' 
Bank of India 
faiottship beyond &inking 
Reraionship beyond 6ank,ing 
 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“Bank of India's Q1 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
SHRI A. K. DAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, BANK OF INDIA 
SHRI P R RAJAGOPAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,  
BANK OF INDIA 
SHRI SWARUP DASGUPTA -- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,  
BANK OF INDIA 
SHRI M. KARTHIKEYAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,  
BANK OF INDIA 
SMT. MONIKA KALIA -- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,  
BANK OF INDIA 
 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bank of India 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. We have with us Shri A.K. Das, 
M.D. & CEO, Shri P R Rajagopal, Executive Director, Shri Swarup 
Dasgupta, Executive Director, Shri M Karthikeyan, Executive 
Director, Smt. Monika Kalia, Executive Director and other top 
management team from Bank of India. I now hand over the 
conference to Shri A.K. Das, M.D. & CEO. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
A K Das: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
Thanks for joining this conference. I, on my personal behalf and 
also on behalf of Bank of India, extend a warm welcome to you 
for today's interactive session and share with you the financial 
results of the bank for the Q1 of FY'22-23. 
Before the global economy could recover from the pandemic fully, 
a higher-than-expected inflation, especially in the US and major 
European economies is triggering a tightening of global financial 
conditions. Inflation at current levels, represents risks for current 
and future macroeconomic stability. And to bring it back to 
targeted levels, central banks of major advanced economies are 
withdrawing monetary support and raising policy rates. 
The Indian economy has shown resilience, drawing strength from 
its macroeconomic fundamentals. The Reserve Bank of India has 
projected that the economy will grow at 7.20% in the financial year 
'22-23. Central bank has increased its inflation forecast to 6.70% 
for the current fiscal year, and to contain it, it has been taking a 
host of initiatives. 
With the central bank gradually withdrawing its accommodative 
stance, the surplus liquidity in the system has come down in the 
banking system. The banking system registered credit growth of 
3.28% YTD and credit growth is likely to continue as the year 
progresses. Resource mobilization drive could thus come to the 
fore. Against this backdrop, bank's performance has been 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
reflective of the strategies adopted in quality asset creation and 
effective liability management. 
The YoY credit growth of the bank till June 2022 has been 15.20% 
as against YoY deposit growth of 2.78%, conforming to our 
continued reorientation of the balance sheet. RAM advances 
increased by 15.74% year-on-year, and CASA ratio was at 
44.70% of total deposits as against 43.22% in June 2021. 
Increased focus on managing asset quality brought down the 
GNPA ratio from 9.98% in March 2022 to 9.30% in June 2022. 
Net NPA ratio also improved to 2.21% from 2.34% in March 2022. 
As regards operating efficiency and profit numbers, I wish to 
share that the bank's net interest income has improved by 29.51% 
over corresponding quarter of previous year. NIM global improved 
from 2.16% in June '21 to 2.55% in June '22. There has been a 
decline in operating profit on YoY basis due to predominantly 
decrease in non-interest income, mainly on account of lower 
income from Treasury operations. Net profit stood at Rs.561 
crores for the quarter under review. 
With a view to improve customer experience and enhance ease 
of banking, several new tech initiatives are being taken. Next 
month, digital savings bank account and online loan products are 
scheduled to be launched. Bank is also launching two Digital 
Banking Units in two major cities of the country. 
We will continue to focus on credit growth with greater emphasis 
on RAM. In the current year, advances is projected to grow by 
10% to 12%. With RAM growth expected to be higher, supported 
by tech enablers, corporate book will also continue to be in focus 
for onboarding new corporate clients. 
I once again thank you for your valued presence, and for your 
continued support. I believe that the presentation must have been 
shared with all concerned. 
With that, the floor is now open for discussion and questions and 
answers. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Suraj Das from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. First question is on the yield 
side. If I see your yield on advances, that has decreased QoQ by 
around 20 basis points whereas your yield on funds has increased 
on a QoQ basis. So, just wanted to know, what is the outlook 
going ahead? And also, since yield on funds has increased vis-à-
vis declining yield on advances, so what about the yield on 
investment? 
A K Das: 
Can you please repeat your question? There are two, three 
questions clubbed together. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, if I see your yield on advances, that has decreased around 20 
points QoQ whereas your yield on fund has increased. So, just 
wanted to know your views, here. 
P R Rajagopal: 
Yield on advances has come down by 20 bps whereas yield on 
funds have gone up. It has only marginally gone up, Suraj by 6 
bps. On a sequential basis, if you see, you have the slide with 
you, slide #22, on sequential basis, the growth is marginal. It is 
not very significant growth in yield on funds and actually is 
reflected by the rate structure in the markets naturally. So, you 
look at the sequential growth. On year on year basis, you will 
certainly find a very drastic growth in yield on funds, but it is not 
so on a sequential basis. 
Suraj Das: 
What would be your EBLR, MCLR loan mix, how much per cent 
of our loan book would be? 
P R Rajagopal: 
As of date, around 53% is in MCLR and remaining 47% is in 
EBLR. And that continues to be so. Since we are actually having 
a lot of emphasis on RAM growth, so, naturally this proportion 
may grow, though not substantially, the proportional change will 
happen, but necessarily, there will be more proportion of the 
EBLR coming and we also see increase in the rate size and it will 
be profitable for the bank to have more EBLR in a portfolio, than 
MCLR. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, entire rate hike has been passed to the EBLR customers, I 
mean, how it is? 
A K Das: 
Yes, except in some of the portfolios for example, in home loans 
where some concession has to be necessarily given to keep pace 
with the market competition. There are cases where we have 
given concession even though we did not really pass on the 
increase in the EBLR. 
Suraj Das: 
Second question is on Treasury side. So, you have given a total 
number of Treasury gain plus MTM loss. So, if you can just 
bifurcate how much would be the MTM loss in that Rs.148 crores? 
M Sasidharan, G.M.: 
The total loss on account of MTM is Rs.295 crores and we 
have made some Rs.147 crores by way of sale of security. So, 
the net amount is reflected in slide #19 as Rs.148 crores 
(negative). 
Suraj Das: 
You have given the total restructured book breakup and all that 
thing. So, I just wanted to know, how much of the total 
restructured book would be out of moratorium on the COVID 
restructuring part, what is your exposure? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Your audio was not clear, Suraj. If you can repeat the question 
again, it will be great. 
Suraj Das: 
I was asking about restructured book. So, you have given COVID 
restructured book of Rs.2,400 crores and around Rs.8,000 
crores. Wanted to know, how much of the book has been out of 
moratorium so far and resume billing? And what is the slippages 
that you have witnessed from this book in this quarter? 
M Karthikeyan: 
The total, as you said rightly, Rs.10,407 crores is the total 
exposure in RFCRS-I and RFCRS-II. Initially, the retail segment 
slippages were at the order of 34% during December '21, which 
has now come down to 13% during this quarter. There is a good 
improvement in the collection efficiency. The pain or the slight 
cause of worry is in the MSME segment, where you can see 
Rs.1,159 crores in RFCRS-I and Rs.2,941 crores in RFCRS-II 
where the slippages are in the order of about 22%. For that 
purpose, we have constituted teams in various zonal offices to 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
ensure that the RFCRS-II collection efficiency in MSME picks up. 
Retail, of course, we do not have any issues and then in 
corporate, the recoveries in restructured accounts have been 
good. 
Suraj Das: 
Just to reconfirm, 72% in the MSME book slippages, so that is on 
the total MSME restructured book, that is Rs.1,159 crores plus 
Rs.2,941 crores. So on this 22% slippages was there, right? 
M Karthikeyan: 
Yes. In case of agriculture and retail there is no much pain. It is 
on account of corporate, which was in SMA-II of Rs.233 crores in 
March '22 and has gone up to Rs.790 crores, increase of Rs.557 
crores is on account of road assets as well as manufacturing. It's 
contributing in total of about 8 to 10 accounts only corporate book, 
that's how it has increased, but we are hopeful that in due course, 
once the market picks up, the recoveries in those accounts also 
will come up. 
Suraj Das: 
You have given your SMA-I and II percentage; however you used 
to give also on the SMA-I and II number as well. So if you can 
disclose that number, what will be the ballpark number for the all-
inclusive SMA-I and II? 
M Karthikeyan: 
Rs.15,000 crores was the last March '22 position of SMA-I and II 
combined, which has now gone down to Rs.12,763 crores. I'll give 
you the numbers later. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
We have seen quite healthy growth this quarter. Most of it was 
from international book. Can you elaborate which segments, what 
is the nature of loan that we have grown in international segment? 
Monoj Das, CGM: The total growth during this quarter is Rs.13,500 crores and out 
of that, trade finance is Rs.8,150 crores and the oil companies is 
Rs.1,400 crores under special arrangement with RBI, term loan is 
Rs.800 crores and there is an increase in exchange fluctuation of 
roughly about Rs.3,000 crores. 
Bhavik Shah: 
What would be your outlook on growth margins and asset quality? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
M Karthikeyan: 
In terms of asset quality, we have set a target of Rs.2,500 crores 
reduction every quarter, of which Rs.1,700 crores will come from 
upgradation and cash recoveries and rest will be through the 
various OTS programs, which is lined up. We are sure that during 
this year, about Rs.3,000 crores will come through resolutions 
through NCLT, that's what our guidance is. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Growth and margins? 
A K Das: 
Advances growth guidance will be in the range of 10% to 12% for 
the full year. So far up to June, we had YTD growth of about 5%. 
But that is mostly on the back of good RAM growth. Corporate is 
yet to pick up. We believe that from this quarter onwards, there 
could be some movement in the corporate book. So keeping that 
in mind, we believe, we could end up with 10% to 12% growth for 
the entire year. And regarding margin, our global NIM has been 
2.55% while domestic NIM has been 2.88%. So we have a 
guidance there. Because of lot of repricing in loan book is 
happening in both sides, it would be good if we can maintain 
margin of 2.90% domestically and we expect our global NIM to 
improve from 2.55% to 2.75%. That's the guidance. 
Bhavik Shah: 
A couple of more questions. One Sir, what would be your LCR 
ratio as on quarter-end? And second, if you could give the 
breakup of your slippages would be great? And what is the 
corporate domestic yield going in the market like I just wanted to 
understand the pricing competition. 
A K Das: 
First question was regarding LCR, right? It is around 180%. 
M Karthikeyan: 
Fresh slippages totally is Rs.2,833 crores for this quarter. Major 
comes from our very high value retail asset, that is one major 
component there and other things, the road assets and 
manufacturing assets totaling to about Rs.850 crores. The rest of 
the assets are falling in agri, MSME and retail.   Out of Rs.2,833 
crores, corporate about 17%, retail 13%, agri 26%, MSME 32%, 
plus overseas it's about 12% including valuation and exchange 
and other fluctuations. So, that is a broad breakup. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Amongst the retail, agri, MSME, what would be from the 
restructured book? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
M Karthikeyan: 
Within the restructured - Rs.5 crores and above, we have agri at 
Rs.147 crores, retail Rs.20 crores, MSME Rs.511 crores, 
corporate Rs.790 crores, total Rs.1,468 crores, SMA-I and II put 
together, above Rs.5 crores. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Any lumpy corporate account slipped from restructured book? 
M Karthikeyan: 
There are some road sector advances.  Future Lifestyles is there, 
which is about Rs.367 crores and provisions provided to the 
extent of Rs.204 crores. 
Bhavik Shah: 
How is the pricing competition in the domestic corporate market 
on yields and what will be the yields currently? 
A K Das: 
7.36%, in large corporates 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, there is of course a pressure on the operating profit which has 
come down by almost Rs.280 crores. So, I can understand it that 
because of the pressure on the Treasury. I will come back on this 
specific question, but my first is, I just want to know that we have 
been discussing in the last quarter also for strengthening the 
digital footprint and digital space. Where have we reached on the 
digital platform, end-to-end and how much work is left, and what 
kind of budgeting we have for the digitalization in the bank? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Slide #35 onwards, all the slides are available on initiatives on 
digital space. In that, what has happened is, when we discussed 
the last time, it was still in the RFP stage, design stage. Now, all 
design stage is over and we have already rolled out three 
products which is in the CUG which will go live in a couple of days, 
savings product, one MSME Shishu product and then agri gold 
loan product. So this will go live and once that go live, another 
month down the line, we are planning around 60, 70 products in 
digital, that will also go live. We are actually putting in our policies 
in place by the time, and then we'll roll out everything, that's what 
the plan is. And as far as the budget that we are talking about, 
last time I shared with you, that in our utility platform what we call 
the e-platform, the budget is around Rs.360 crores-plus and we 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
have our own Data Lake and then super app that we are coming 
out. That together translates to around Rs.600 crores. Total 
budget is around Rs.1,000 crores to put it precisely, the entire 
digital initiatives. Timeline that we are talking about is  September 
2023 max. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, of course you've given elaborate information, but I just 
wanted that what actually has already been implemented? So 
yes, point well taken – 
P R Rajagopal: 
Three products are already lined up for implementation and 
another 40 products will get implemented in a month. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sure, sir, because we want to see Bank of India to be only on the 
digital map as other banks are also running very fast on that trend. 
Sir, coming on the credit growth, if you see the domestic growth 
is very sluggish, it is around 1.83% in this quarter April-June. And 
when we are talking about 10% to 12% growth, do you mean to 
say that in the remaining three quarters, we will have about 10% 
of the domestic credit growth or it includes even the global credit 
growth where you are increasing your footprint it seems in global 
market. I don't know, how much margin or NIMs we are having on 
that.  
A K Das: 
Yes, I will answer your question. First on the overseas books, I 
think the NIM is about 0.98%, that is as against domestic NIM of 
about 2.88%. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
About the domestic credit growth, Sir? 
A K Das: 
We have seen this industry for ages and we all are aware of the 
pains and pangs in the first quarter. Q1 is supposed to be a very 
lean quarter, and also that way, Q1 probably will not be a 
barometer of the entire financial year. But still in the domestic 
arena, we have done a growth of about 9% year-on-year, vis-à-
vis industry and banking system’s growth of 3.28%. And in the 
domestic part, predominantly, it has been triggered by good 
growth in retail of 22% including 15% growth in home loans, agri 
16% and MSME at about 8%. Now, there is every reason to 
believe, at some point of time, going by the indications as of now, 
the corporate loan book will start picking up. We did a very modest 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
level of sanctions predominantly on the lack of demand, we did 
about Rs.7,000 to 8,000 crores of sanction in the first quarter. But 
as I speak, we got about another Rs.12,000 crores of loan 
proposals in process now. So, these are mainly for metals, 
chemicals, pharma and some amount of infra loans. So, based 
on our experience so far, 9% YoY and 5% YTD growth is now 
achieved. I think it should give us reason to believe that minimum 
10% to 12% growth should be possible. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I'm not putting any comment on that. I just wanted to understand 
what is the management view going forward. Sir, when we talk 
about this credit growth, you have the NBFC exposure of about 
8.93%, Rs.35,825 crores other than HFCs. Going forward, what 
is your plan to increase our credit numbers through the NBFC for 
onward lending and also for co-lending so that we reach to the 
last mile? 
A K Das: 
Co-lending, we have got already two to three partnerships where 
we are just about off the block. And direct NBFC exposure, we 
have got clear cut restrictions, because we have almost hit the 
ceiling. So on a very selective basis and very good rated accounts 
only we will examine. Pool buy out, we are open. I think recently 
we have done two to three pool buy out transactions, of which 
about Rs.200-odd crores have been disbursed.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, one data point. On information note #11, we have made the 
provision; currently, out of the provision of Rs.675 crores out of 
this in this quarter, it is Rs.179 crores in that 15 borrowers 
account. What is the total outstanding on those 15 borrowers 
account, note #11 under RBI circular of 7th June 2019? 
V Anand, G.M.: 
Total provision comes to Rs.675 crores for Q1 FY23 and 
Outstanding is Rs.3,431 crores. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
This one very old note is coming with a disputed amount with 
another PSU bank and 50% provision of Rs.144 crores has been 
made. What is this, I mean, is it going to resolve or this dispute is 
going to continue for a longer period of time with this kind of 
provisioning? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
V Anand, G.M.: 
That is with regard to one of our Pune zone matter which is 
already under the liquidation. Whatsoever amount the Bank has 
to recover has come through the liquidation process. And 
thereafter, the CBI case also has come to a conclusion. The 
dispute with other bank is continuing before the Settlement 
Dispute Committee before the DFS. And one hearing was 
conducted and we are trying to resolve the matter through the 
DFS intervention. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
My last question is on the entire Treasury operations now. You 
have made a Treasury operation, if you see the segment wise, 
Rs.974 crores the profit income is there, but at the same time, 
there is a loss on the sale of the investment and also the valuation. 
So, going forward now, how do we see the Treasury performing 
and how much cushion do we have if we go for another say 35 
basis points or 50 basis points hike by the RBI, how far we are 
insulated and how much are being insulated? 
M Sasidharan, G.M: 
As regards your first question, going forward how the 
portfolio is going to behave. Sir, we believe that the worst is over 
as far as mark-to-market positions are concerned. 10 Year G-Sec 
has hit 7.60% and currently trading at 7.20%. Certainly, we feel 
that 7.50%, 7.70% should be the maximum we should see on the 
10-year G-Sec. So MTM losses, we don't see much of an upside 
from these limits. In fact, our calculations were based on a 10-
year yield of 7.45%. Now, we will have to wait and see September 
how it behaves. Yes, rate increase by RBI is expected. Again, the 
market news is that 35 to 50 basis points hike can be there. But if 
you look into the way the markets have behaved, even before the 
RBI has started implementing these increases, the markets have 
run far ahead of the regulator. So even if there is going to be an 
increase, we don't see much of a hike as far as Treasury yields 
are concerned. And we are looking at a terminal repo rate of 
around 6%. It can be 10 to 15 basis points up or down. So 
essentially, whichever way you look at it, we feel that 7.70%, 
7.75% should be the cap. So that's what our internal assessment 
is, but market always humbles you and market always surprises 
you, that is the caveat I have to submit. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Ashok Ajmera: 
My last question in this round is on the slippage. Sir, our slippage 
has increased in this quarter to Rs.2,465 crores as against 
Rs.1,590 crores in the last quarter, percentage wise also 0.69%. 
Going forward for the whole year, what is our slippage target, Sir, 
because our cost-to-income has also has gone up actually. So, 
overall recovery and the slippages because even written off 
account also we are in a Rs.2,340 crores versus Rs.313 crores in 
last quarter. So, overall where do we stand on the recovery front 
and how much slippages we can expect for the entire year? 
M Karthikeyan: 
So, if you see the slippage ratio, last quarter year-on-year it was 
1.07, we have brought it down to 0.69. Going forward, 20% 
reduction in slippages is the guidance, number one. Number two, 
in terms of recovery, as I already told you and our M.D. also 
informed earlier, every quarter we are projecting a recovery 
reduction of Rs.2,500 crores, of which Rs.1,700 crores will be 
cash recovery plus upgradation and remaining will be coming 
from written off recovery from prudentially written off accounts as 
well. So, slippages last year, if you could see, the entire year, 
baseline projection was Rs.9,000 crores, we had come to a level 
of Rs.8,851 crores. This year we assure that we should not cross 
Rs.8,000 crores. That's our guidance on slippages. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Sethi, individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Sethi: 
Sir, my question is Bank of India has a long history. Structurally, 
how Bank of India is different from other PSU banks? And based 
on the unique strengths that our bank has, which areas the bank 
can grow and gain a leadership position compared to other PSU 
banks? 
A K Das: 
It's a very short question but requires a long answer. There is not 
much to choose from when you assess the structural comparison. 
And we are working in the multiple hierarchical structure. And 
Bank of India, which is going to complete 116-years, has got 
several-first to its credit. And in digital space also otherwise also, 
in overseas presence. And it has got a lot of capacity built into it. 
Now, last two years, there were certain issues that affected not 
only Bank of India, but all of us. One lag, that probably was there 
for a little longer time, was the digital footprint. I think our E.D., 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Mr. Rajagopal, he has very aggressively explained that, how we 
are going to go ahead on the digital frontier. I think by September, 
we will see first signs of those digital footprints. And in the next 
one year, I think we will be comparable to the best. This is the 
basic premise on which we have structured our corporate 
objective for the current year, that is reshaping the future. 
P R Rajagopal: 
So another thing I would like to add to what our M.D. & CEO has 
said, Mr. Sethi, is the areas where bank is having strength, 
basically in trade finance, and in supply chain finance and working 
capital and as well as the bank used to be in the leadership 
position in exports, especially for diamond and other jewelers. We 
used to continue to receive awards from the export organizations, 
in the past. We used to be one of the best banks in terms of 
funding to exporters. And the last of the things is that we used to 
be leaders in terms of actually funding the capital market 
intermediaries. So these areas have actually been taken over by 
private banks. Most of our customers have actually gone to 
private banks, because of the huge technology changes, tectonic 
shifts that has happened in these areas. So what we have done 
in the last one and a half years, two years is we have actually 
brought those technology interventions that are required to 
actually regain the uniqueness of this bank in this area, and 
another one and a half years down the line, we'll actually be able 
to get a leadership position back in these areas and we'll be 
competing with best of the banks in this area as hitherto. This 
could not happen in the last decade for a very simple reason, 
because it required huge investment in technology, which we 
could not do. Now,  we have structurally made that shift in terms 
of technological intervention in all these unique expertise that the 
bank has. So naturally, we will grow in these areas going forward. 
M. Karthikeyan: 
One more point is our bank is also strong and  leader in terms of 
financial inclusion, where 3.28 crore accounts have been there 
and 2.71 crore accounts are in active position and the balance 
outstanding in these accounts are amounting to Rs.11,074 
crores. The average balance in these accounts is around 
Rs.4,000. In all the government sponsored schemes, we are 
excelling and we have been awarded also for good performance 
in these segments. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
Mayank Sethi: 
My second question is for many PSU banks, their subsidiaries 
have gone quite big, for example, for SBI, Life Insurance, Cards 
business. For us also, we have some subsidiaries. Over the long 
term, do you see the potential of any of our subsidiaries that can 
grow very big and maybe we can list them in the stock 
exchanges? 
P R Rajagopal: 
It is too early to say that we can list and grow, but one thing is 
that, strategy is out so far as our subsidiaries are concerned. 
There are very good subsidiaries where typically we have our own 
finance associate, which is doing reasonably well with an AUM of 
around Rs.2,000 crores plus. And we have another insurance 
subsidiary, which is also doing reasonably well with an embedded 
valuations of around Rs.25,000 crores plus. And then we have 
our merchant banking subsidiary, which gets us good leeway in 
terms of the subsidiary service that we can provide to the financial 
intermediation, that is also there. And we are also actually trying 
to augment the subsidiaries in a very robust manner. Another 
thing is our AMC has also started doing well. We are also building 
up the necessary infrastructure within the AMC so that we can 
actually scale it up in a very robust manner. So these are the 
areas. In another three years down the line, we maybe listing 
most probably most of these. To start with we may actually have 
a partner in the AMC, because we are already holding 100% in 
AMC as of now.  We may have a partner going forward, is our 
plan in our AMC business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus 
Equity Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, you highlighted that you're making a huge digital spend for 
inroads into various types of businesses. Can you quantify the 
budget and elaborate a bit on the products? 
P R Rajagopal: 
I would request you to kindly go through the slides which have 
been put out from slide #35 onwards in the presentation, Sushil 
saab. A five-year plan of almost Rs.5,000 crores plus budget for 
the entire tech initiative that we have taken. It is a huge budget 
we have taken. Around Rs.1,800 crores plus is already approved 
and purchase orders have been given in these most of the 
initiatives. The first initiative that we have actually rolled out and 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
it has actually rolled in a great extent is the utilities lending 
automation systems and lead management systems. And then 
the full rollout will happen over a period of say one or two months 
down the line. So mostly, the foundation there will be formally 
introducing the products to the customers. That's what our plan 
is. And in so far as the other great initiative that we have taken is, 
we are putting in place the universal app which is basically an 
engagement layer, APA Publication that ICICI has done or Axis 
has done, we are also coming out with that. The rollout time is 18-
months. Purchase order has been already given. So you can 
calculate from August now, 18 months down the line, it will be up 
and running fully for us that you are seeing in ICICI, Axis and the 
HDFC, same capabilities will be available with the bank. That is 
the second one. And third, we have actually taken a Data Lake 
initiative where we can make intelligent personalized offers to the 
customers. See, what we are talking today is we are talking in 
terms of hyper personalization. At the individual level, we can 
actually try and make a customized product and offer. So that 
rollout will happen over a period. The RFP is already done, 
technical evaluation will happen in another 10, 15 days, but most 
probably will be given by end of September. And once purchase 
order is given, then the rollout time is again 18 months to 24 
months for Data Lake and it will be rolled out typically on a 
staggered manner such that we derive benefits out of it over a 
period of time. It is not that nothing will be done after 24 months, 
rollout will happen, and rollout will happen in a very staggered 
manner. There will be a lot of intervention that will happen at a 
Data Lake level. That's what we are planning. Apart from that, 
there will be a lot of utilities in terms of our processes and other 
aspects that will come into play in terms of our collections, in 
terms of our recovery, in terms of the score cards for credit 
underwriting and even third-party product sales. All those digital 
initiatives are also being undertaken very effectively. You will 
have a completely different mobile experience. You will have a 
completely different internet banking experience in terms of 
customer engagement is concerned. So even with the existing 
mobile, we are growing at 40%, and completely phenomenal 
growth that has happened in our mobile banking once we came 
out with the very improved product over there, and that is also 
slated to come in another two months to six months down the line. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Sushil Choksey: 
Do I assume that pure consolidation with Bank of India that 
started from 2015 May to 2022 June of seven years is virtually 
getting over and we will be on accelerated mode. 
P R Rajagopal: 
Yes, yes, precisely, you can assume like that. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Can you indicate what would be a CD ratio over a period of next 
12-to-24-months? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Today, we have an ideal CD ratio of 74%. We would actually go 
to 80%, levels of HDFC Bank level unless we have a very robust 
fund management system in place. You will require a lot of 
liquidity management system in place and you need expertise 
also to have that kind of CD ratios. So, that will take some time, 
but till such time, I would actually stick to that 74%, 75% CD ratio 
for some time till the resources and skills build up within the bank 
in terms of funds management that the other banks have. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Second question is hearing M.D. on the media as well as on the 
concall initial speech, is it that the pool buyout which you have 
initiated are yielding better results and in terms of earning 
compared to our retail loans? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Basically, on net-net basis, the service charges and the interest 
rate share that the NBFC take is much more. So, naturally it boils 
down to average yield basis whether it is a pool buyout or a direct 
customer acquisition basis, it is more. Only difference is the 
customer acquisition cost that we have in terms of retail push, that 
is lowered in a pool buyout. 
Sushil Choksey: 
I got your point, but you are yielding approximately one-year 
MCLR plus, that's what I want to know? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Yes, that is true. One-year MCLR continues to be at 7.50%. We 
need more yield there. And most of the pool buyout loans are not 
in MCLR, most of them are in RBLR, because they're all either 
retail or MSME loans where I cannot offer an MCLR-linked loans. 
Sushil Choksey: 
We had a great rich heritage in terms of connectivity with business 
community in western parts of India, where traders, small 
manufacturers, small businesses are concerned, seeing last 40, 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
50 years. Do we say that after digitization, most of the customers 
which are approached by private banks in last three, four years 
makes a good comeback to Bank of India? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Yes, that's what my interaction with our old customers reveal. The 
day you digitize and give us the same facility that the other bank 
gives, they will come back, that's what everybody says. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Any guidance or any outlook on your investment book based on 
today's yield not on the quarter-end? 
M Sasidharan, G.M: 
As I explained earlier, the MTM loss currently stands at 
Rs.295 crores. The upside we are not expecting much. The yields 
are going to taper off, if at all there is going to be an increase. It's 
going to be a short-lived one. The other side is, our CD ratios have 
improved. To that extent, the available corpus for us to make 
investments is not there, because there is a flow from the 
investment book to the advances book. So, we should not see 
much of MTM provision as far as Bank of India is concerned, it's 
slightly higher this year. 
Sushil Choksey: 
I'm looking at the other way round, the globe is in recession, India 
generally does well. So do we get some write-back in the quarters 
to come by? 
M Sasidharan, G.M: 
Definitely. We expect that the interest rate should peak by 
Q4 of FY'23. And after that, there could be a case where the 
Reserve Bank can go for a pause or even start reducing the 
interest rates. That is when the capital gains will start flowing into 
the investment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Das from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
Just wanted to get your view on the BB and below rated books. 
You have given in the slide #15 a percent of domestic advances 
of Rs.7.5 crores is BB and below rated. If you can quantify what 
would be the number in absolute in terms, your view here in terms 
of what would be the largest ticket size here and how you are 
looking at this book? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
A K Das: 
Rs.7,355 crores, Suraj. 
Suraj Das: 
What would be the largest ticket size here in book and how you're 
looking at this book in terms of slippages and NPAs and all? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Largest size in terms of accounts level, it is not more, it would be 
below Rs. 100 crores. 
Suraj Das: 
In terms of the restructured book, so if I see that COVID 
restructured book, something around Rs.11,000 crores for last 
quarter, that has come down to Rs.10,000 crores. So, wanted to 
know how much of that book is already out of moratorium, let's 
say end of March I mean, moratorium means there is no interest 
moratorium or something like that. 
P R Rajagopal: 
On COVID book, 70% of the book continues to be in moratorium, 
30% of the book is out of moratorium.  
Suraj Das: 
I am asking if you can give the breakup of segment wise GNPA? 
P R Rajagopal: 
We will give you that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sohail from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Sohail: 
Sir, just wanted to understand two things. One is basically in 
terms of credit-to-deposit ratio, which has inched up around 73%. 
So what is your outlook in terms of cost of deposits, saving 
deposits, and correspondingly, the pricing power in the system, if 
you could just give your qualitative comments on these three 
parts? 
A K Das: 
Cost of deposits, if you see the trend, there is definitely in many 
banks, including our bank, there is a drive for resource 
mobilization, because as liquidity has dried up, and as the 
demand picks up, naturally, there will be a scramble for higher 
resources. So, cost of deposits could see some uptick. But the 
same like we have done in our bank's case, we have decided to 
go at least 10% growth in CASA. We are at 44.70% of CASA 
percentage. So, that we will probably compensate, at least 
partially, any kind of repricing that is happening in the liability 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
space. And in the asset side, of course, the repricing is relatively 
real-time, especially in the EBLR segment. So that will also help 
us safeguard our margins. Apart from this, Monika ma'am, would 
you like to add anything on this? 
Monika Kalia: 
I think, Sir has covered appropriately. The cost of deposit is 
almost around the lowest in the industry so far. So we have been 
able to manage our cost of deposit in a very efficient manner. So 
in line with that, we have great focus on our CASA growth this 
year and we have introduced various schemes, even the salary 
plus scheme for garnering more salary accounts. And the term 
deposit, which is kind of trade-off between the CD ratio and all, 
that we will keep on monitoring very closely, and as and when 
required, we will complement our rate accordingly. 
Sohail: 
In this I also actually wanted to ask. Right now what is happening 
is basically the differential between saving deposit rates and term 
deposit rates are very low or has narrowed down over the period 
of time. Now, when the term deposit rates start rising, at what 
point of time do you think that we as well as the system would 
actually have to look at the saving deposit rate again? 
Monika Kalia: 
Term deposit rate has again started going up. So it's not whether 
we will increase or not, it's for the savers to decide, if they don't 
want to keep it in CASA, they are free to switch over to the term 
deposits. Already in the system, our SB is 2.90%, the term deposit 
for one year is around 5.50%, which is for the retail depositors. 
So, already the gap has started increasing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Mundra from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Mundra: 
The CET number for March, it looks like it has been restated. Is it 
because of the dividend thing that was changed or there was 
something else? 
Swarup Dasgupta: No, it's partly because of dividend and partly some additional 
disclosure we have made recently. 
Jay Mundra: 
Recap bonds, right? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Swarup Dasgupta: Yes, partly recap bond and partly dividend. 
Jay Mundra: 
Secondly, Sir, on yield, so if I see your last 12-months, you have 
not changed too much of your MCLR and M.D. Sir also 
commented that you started to pass on the rate hike on EBLR 
basis. So what explains the drop in the loan yield by around 20 
basis points? 
Swarup Dasgupta: It's because of our high growth in our international book where 
actually yields are lower. Recently we have hiked our MCLR by 
10 basis points. International also, we are very choosy about the 
asset base. Majority of assets are in short term in nature and 
they're balancing our books and other ratio. 
Jay Mundra: 
There was increase in the overseas deposit also, right, in this 
quarter. That is deposit only, right, it is not borrowing or etc., it is 
a local deposit in overseas branches? 
Monoj Das: 
It is a mix of local deposit as well as borrowing also, sir.  We also 
lift bulk deposits to supplement our assets. 
Jay Mundra: 
Did I hear it correct that 70% of the restructured book has already 
come out of moratorium and rest 30% could still be in 
moratorium? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Other way round. 
Jay Mundra: 
Sorry. So 70% has already come out of moratorium? 
P R Rajagopal: 
30% has come out of moratorium, 70% continues in moratorium. 
Jay Mundra: 
This quarter we had some Rs.1,400 crores something slippages 
from restructured book, right. And if I see Rs.15,000 crores 
restructured, only 30% has started billing, so let's say Rs.4,500 
crores. Out of that some Rs.1,400 crores has slipped. So while in 
absolute number Rs.1,400 crores is manageable, but in terms of 
percentage, that shows a very bleak picture that out of Rs.4,500 
crores, Rs.1,400 crores has slipped. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
P R Rajagopal: 
That is because you know very well, there was an OTR of big 
account which has to be classified as NPA because of the 
litigation. 
Jay Mundra: 
If you remove the corporate account, only let's say retail actually 
– 
P R Rajagopal: 
If you remove the corporate account, almost Rs.500 crores goes 
out of it. 
M Karthikeyan: 
In terms of MSME, the stress which was being expressed and to 
tackle that, a total mechanism is built in now, across geography, 
we have put in place persons to more closely monitor this 
RFCRS-I and II. So, there is going to be a granular level follow 
up, both personally as well as technologically. We don't foresee 
any risk on that. 
Jay Mundra: 
Sir, on your ECLGS, you have given the disbursement number of 
somewhere around 8,200 crores. What is the outstanding and 
how much is the gross NPA there? 
P R Rajagopal: 
There it is around 2.8% of the ECLGS book is NPA, that is around 
Rs.217 crores-plus. Not much of NPA is there.  
Jay Mundra: 
What would be your credit cost and ROA guidance for full year 
'23? We used to give. I think last year we did more or less to the 
guidance. 
A K Das: 
Credit cost like it was about 1%, that will be the benchmark. This 
time it was a little more on account of slippages. So, 1% will be 
ideally our credit cost. ROA, we would like to see it at least 0.75% 
by the end of the financial year. 
Jay Mundra: 
Even 1% credit cost would be like some Rs.4,000 to 5,000 crores 
number which would mean that last year  also we did around a 
similar number. 
A K Das: 
This is not a static number, Jay. This will keep on getting revisited 
from time-to-time. As on date this is the presumption. We will try 
to revisit it as we normally progress. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
P R Rajagopal: 
For most of the public sector banks, Jay, what happens is in the 
first quarter you will see credit cost going up and again it tapers 
in the next three quarters, that's always the trend. If you see last 
five years of the balance sheet and see will be like that, except 
twin balance sheet problem period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I have my some observation or some answers on the taxation 
front. I mean we have opted for the old rate of taxation so far. So 
out of provision of Rs.300 crores which we have made, can we 
get the numbers of the total carry forward losses available, the 
DTA, MAT credit, how this Rs.300 crores has been arrived at? 
And secondly, how much is actually, as tax is required to be paid 
in cash? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: Rs.8,700 crores is the DTA and we have a couple of foreign tax 
credit also. So, being foreign tax rate is there, that's the reason 
we continue to be in the old regime and over and above there is 
a MAT credit allowability to nationalize banks, that is also 
pending. Once a decision comes, then we'll take appropriate 
decision in shifting to the new regime. As such, within that time 
limit we have to shift to the new region. That's the reason we are 
just waiting and the appropriate decision of the ITAT / High Court 
to come on this particular aspect, then only we will take a suitable 
decision. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Now, taking the point from the deposit, earlier, we were 
discussing, our domestic deposit has come down in this quarter 
by almost about 1% like from Rs.5,51,000 crores to 5,46,000 
crores. So, going forward, as we were talking and Madam was 
giving some rationale also, are we going to be tightening as far as 
the interest rate is concerned and keeping the deposit low or we 
plan to grow the domestic deposit also equally as the international 
deposit is also growing up. So, what are your views on that, are 
we going to keep it down? 
Monika Kalia: 
It should be like this. I have explained earlier also that we would 
like to grow somewhere around 10% in our CASA so that our 
CASA ratio comes to 46% by the year-end and the term deposit 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
will of course be complementing the needs of the business. So, 
whenever there is a need for the faster growth, we will be 
complementing the term deposit number into the market scenario. 
As already has been talked about by our Treasury people and you 
would have seen that what the market has expected, that is 
already cooling down because, we are not seeing that harsh 
reaction from Reserve Bank of India. So, maybe going forward, in 
next two quarters, we may see some respite. So, it would be ideal 
time to hold on till I really need for my business growth and then 
take a call accordingly. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Point well taken, Madam. On this non-SLR book, we have HTM 
of Rs.29,886 crores, that's okay, on AFS book is Rs.11,204 
crores. What is the nature of this investment on non-SLR and so 
on, AA, AAA, what kind of investment is this Rs.1,204 crores on 
AFS books? 
M Saasidharan, G.M:  
AFS book is Rs.11,204 crores.  We have about 10% in 
AAA.  Other information I can give you offline please. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
That's okay, no issues. So, now on the rating side, the external 
rating I saw and now down that about Rs.7.50 crores retail 
accounts corporate-rated account, so this Rs.7.50 crores is a 
threshold limit by RBI or as a bank we've put up the limit of 
Rs.7.50 crores below that, the people do not require the external 
rating? I'm not actually basically aware of. 
P R Rajagopal: 
Basically, it is a regulatory retail and corporate threshold that RBI 
has put up, but insofar as the bank is concerned, the threshold is 
Rs.25 crores and below no external rating required, Rs.25 crores 
and above external rating is required. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Only above Rs.25 crores is external rating required according to 
you? 
P R Rajagopal: 
Not according to me, according to the policy of the bank. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
There's a small question actually. RBI levied again this quarter 
penalty of Rs.70 lakhs to the bank. Is it a regular feature with this 
thing or any specific incident has taken place when the penalty of 
Rs.70 lakhs has been put up by RBI? 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
A K Das: 
Penalties are for occasional breaches, aberrations. So, that we 
are seeing not only in case of our bank, but yes, there were one 
or two instances where certain unauthorized debits were made 
and certain breaches or violation of KYC are not there. The big 
numbers are there. We are still in a data cleaning mode. So, this 
is the RBI supervisory team’s observation when they take the data 
dump and check it, and we are in the correction mode now. By 
and large, we have corrected the data, but having said that, we 
also need to ensure that in future such breaches don't occur. So, 
this was kind of a one-off penal action. 
P R Rajagopal: 
And added to that, it is basically pertains to a legacy observation 
in the RAR reports of the RBI. That things are not there in 2021. 
So, most of them are corrected now.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
My last question in this round. There was some ARC sale of 
Rs.102 crores provision has been reversed, the entire account 
must have been written-off, that is why the total proceeds has 
some as a reversal of the provision. Going forward, you have also 
stated that NARCL six, I mean with the gross outstanding of 
Rs.2,437 crores, is it going to be in this current quarter and even 
if we assume about 20% or 18%, so, it becomes about Rs.480 
crores, 15% of that is about Rs.70, Rs.75 crores cash, can we 
expect in this quarter to come in from NARCL? 
V Anand, G.M.: 
NARCL has started functioning fully now. I don't think that in this 
quarter will happen, probably it will happen only in Q3 because 
they have appointed some of the agencies for conducting the due 
diligence in many of the big accounts. You know they have to do 
the legal scrutiny and other verification of property which is going 
on. So, going forward it may happen only in Q3, not in Q2. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Just a last question on the family pension, you have amortized 
still about Rs.459 crores carried forward. Do you have any plan to 
take it little forward, then four, five years’ time which has been 
given by the RBI? 
A K Pathak, C.G.M: 
In fact, we have a regular AS-15 provision. So, as of now, 
we will be taking advantage of timeline given by RBI looking at 
the requirements from AS-15 provision. If going forward, things 
improve, maybe we can think of taking it forward. 

Bank of India 0 
lesrationship 6e-yonzi &Inking  
Bank of India 
August 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Shri A K Das for closing 
comments. 
A K Das: 
Thank you very much all investors and analysts for taking active 
part in this interactive session. And we hope we have explained 
the questions to your satisfaction. In case, there are any further 
data, kindly get in touch with our finance department. I'm sure they 
will provide you all required data. Thanks once again for attending 
this conference. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Bank of India, I announce that 
this conference concludes. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
