 
 
 
 
 
     12th August, 2022 
 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 533217 
   Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors for the quarter ended 30th 
June, 2022 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of Conference 
Call for Analysts and Investors held on 5th August, 2022 in respect of Un-Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2022. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
http://www.hmvl.in/report23.html# 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Pumit Kumar Chellaramani) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
August 5, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PIYUSH GUPTA – GROUP CFO 
MR. ANUP SHARMA – CFO, HINDUSTAN MEDIA VENTURES LIMITED 
MS. ANNA ABRAHAM – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MR. PERVEZ BAJAN – GROUP CONTROLLER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
 
Moderator:  
Good afternoon ladies and gentleman. I would like to welcome you all to 
our first quarter financial year 2022-23 earnings webinar. 
 
As a reminder, all participants will be in a listen only mode. After we are 
through with the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask 
questions. I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, Head Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you Anna. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. A very good evening to everyone. On behalf of HT 
Media Group, I welcome you all to our earnings webinar to discuss the 
financial results of the first quarter of financial year 2022-23. Joining me 
on the call today are Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Anup Sharma, 
CFO of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited; Mr. Pervez Bajan, Group 
Controller; and members of our Investor Relations team.    
 
The financial result of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited was declared 
yesterday and HT Media Limited released today. We will be taking you 
through the highlights of the same. Kindly note that our remarks will track 
with the presentation on the Zoom webinar. This presentation, along with 
the financial statements are available on stock exchanges and the investor 
relations section of our websites.    
 
Starting with the presentation. This slide captures the disclaimer 
regarding forward-looking statements, which is on your screens right 
now. As per practice, we do not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance, but certain statements during the course of this presentation 
may be forward-looking statements. This will be subject to risks and 
uncertainties and so kindly keep this in mind as we go along with the 
webinar.   
 
Moving on to Slide 3. This slide gives the Chairperson's comments on the 
performance of the company for the quarter. And I quote,  
 
"The first quarter of FY 2022-23 began on a positive note with a strong 
performance in the previous fiscal year, with overall business 
performance and the larger economic and business environment seeing 
considerable improvement, especially in the latter half of the fiscal. But 
it also began amidst indications of headwinds in terms of escalating 
material input costs owing to geopolitical tensions and protracted global 
conflicts. 
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Our Print business saw significant pricing pressure as material prices 
continued to remain at elevated levels even as a rise in general inflation 
impacted the overall cost of doing business. Advertising revenue across 
Print & Radio and circulation revenues remained healthy.  
 
In the near team, we expect market sentiment and growth to remain a bit 
subdued, but are hopeful of a resurgence in the mid to long term. Despite 
external macro headwinds, we remain committed to our journalism and 
to serving all our customers and stakeholders."   
 
We now move on to the agenda for today, which is on Slide 4. We will 
begin with the performance update with comments on our consolidated 
financials for the first quarter. This will be followed by detailed remarks 
on our Print, Radio and Digital businesses. We will open for Q&A session 
after the presentation concludes. I would now like to hand over the call to 
our Group CFO, Mr. Piyush Gupta. Over to you, Piyush. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you, Anna. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our 
Q1 FY23 investor call. We're going to be quickly taking you through the 
results. As you can see on your screen, the first quarter results on a total 
revenue, it's a substantial increase, as you can see, of 53% at INR 432 
crore as against INR 281 crore last year.  
 
EBITDA came out at a negative INR 18 crore. As my colleague Anna 
had highlighted, I think the big points there are the input costs, and we 
will be speaking a bit about it. The margin came in at a negative 4%. And 
PAT as a consequence came to a negative INR 42 crore with a margin of 
negative 10%.  
 
Net cash balance, however, remains strong at INR 936 crore, however, 
there's a dip versus a year ago. That's primarily because some investments 
are caught behind working capital, which will be unwound as the 
newsprint price stabilizes as we go through the year.  
 
Coming now to the business unit performance. For our Print business, our 
ad revenue came at INR 240 crore, circulation revenue at INR 60 crore, 
which is a 20% increase from same period last year of INR 50 crore. 
Consequently, the operating revenue of INR 348 crore, operating 
EBITDA came at INR 2 crore with a 1% margin.  
 
Some of the key highlights, which are given at the bottom of the chart 
are, improvement in ad revenues is basically led by uptick in volumes and 
improvement in yields. Circulation revenue growth led by increase in 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
print order and realization per copy for both English and Hindi and 
significant year-on-year improvement despite higher newsprint prices.     
 
If you look at our English business on ad revenue on a y-o-y basis,  
INR 127 crore as against INR 69 crore ad revenue. If you look at 
sequentially, it came at a 4% decline from INR 132 crore, it came down 
to INR 127 crore. If you look at circulation revenue, it was 73% up to 
INR 12 crore versus INR 7 crore and which is a 3% increase on a quarterly 
basis as well. The highlights are, basically, if you look at it on a y-o-y 
basis, categories such as real estate, retail, auto, education and FMCG 
grew, while categories like e-commerce remained a bit subdued. 
Circulation revenue rose on the back of build back of copies and better 
realization per copy that we witnessed during the quarter.     
 
On our Hindi ad revenues, you can see there's a substantial jump of 80% 
coming to INR 113 crore and a 3% decline versus a quarter ago. On 
circulation revenues, also a very healthy 11% jump coming to INR 48 
crore, which is a 7% jump even on a sequential basis. Some of the key 
highlights are; the ad revenue improvement is led by both volume and 
yield, as I said earlier. And on a y-o-y basis, categories such as education, 
retail, FMCG, health and fitness, auto and retail estate grew. Circulation 
revenue grew due to better realization per copy and higher copies in 
circulation.    
 
A quick look at our Radio business with revenue at INR 33 crore, 
operating EBITDA at INR 2 crore. We got a positive EBITDA margin as 
against the negative INR 16 crore same quarter last year. Just to remind, 
I think, the first quarter last year was the COVID impacted second wave 
quarter. So obviously, it was a pretty depressed scenario. So, the base is 
definitely soft here. But however, it's a substantial growth on the top line 
that we recorded. Significant improvement in revenues for the quarter, 
driven both by volumes and rates, and operating EBITDA for the quarter 
is showing a substantial improvement versus previous year. And this is 
the third consecutive quarter for operating profit.   
 
And lastly, on our Digital business sitting within the HT Media Group, 
our revenues came to INR 39 crore as against INR 29 crore earlier, a 
growth of 33%. Even on a q-o-q basis, it's a growth of 16%. Operating 
EBITDA came at nearly a breakeven, INR 1 crore, marginal profit with a 
margin at about 3%. And this growth in Digital business continues 
secularly.    
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
With that, we come to the end of the webinar. We will now open it up for 
the Q&A. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you Piyush. We will now begin the Q&A session. To ask a 
question the participant can use the raise hand option on Zoom which will 
enable the moderator to unmute you for posing your query. Please 
introduce yourself before posing your query. Kindly restrict to two 
questions per participant, so that we're able to address questions from all 
participants. We will wait for a few moments, while the question queue 
assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Sandeep Jain. Please unmute yourself 
and ask your question. 
 
Participant: 
 
 
No response 
 
Moderator:  
We will move onto the next participant. The question is from the line of 
Mehul Pathak, please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
My question is with respect to Digicontent. Now Digicontent, there were 
some disconcerting comments in the notes to accounts, raising questions 
about its viability as a going concern. Now when I look at Digicontent, 
the employee expense has gone up by 26%, other expenses have gone up 
by 41%, overall expenses in Digicontent has gone up by close to  
INR 20 crore. The debt on the books has gone up from INR 68 crore last 
quarter to currently INR 105 crore. So, when you look at all this, it does 
not look like there is any concern on the company, not continuing as a 
concern itself. So, the dots are not connecting overall.    
 
Can you throw some light on what is happening because if the company 
is bankrupt and going bust, then expenses have to be curtailed, you don't 
increase salary and you don't increase other expenses and invest in the 
business as if it is going to be lockdown. So, I'm unable to understand. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Mehul, this is Anna, here. So, the comment has been put in the standalone 
accounts of Digicontent Ltd., And it is a function of what the accounting 
standards and the audit process requires the professionals to do in terms 
of assessment and reporting accordingly. There is a substantial loan, 
which is there in the books of Digicontent Ltd., which is due for 
repayment in the current financial year. And given that repayment is due 
basis the standalone balance sheet, the auditors have felt a requirement to 
call out a certain sensitivity.    
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Having said that, as you rightly said, on a consolidated operation, there is 
a fairly robust business sitting there. And we hope to, between a 
combination of cash generation from the business as well as some amount 
of extension of that loan, expect to kind of settle that and we do not see a 
problem. But given what the process involved is, there was a certain note 
that is required to be put as part of their obligations. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Mehul, just to take that further, there is absolutely no financial strain on 
Digicontent's financials at all. That note is basically because the loan 
becomes due at the end of the calendar year, and they had to put it on 
standalone financials. Digicontent, of course, has all the lines, et cetera, 
available. So financially, it's not a constraint. But however, on the 
business side, Digicontent is still in an investment mode. If you look at 
the last 2 years, Digicontent has been growing north of 20-25% and with 
the new product offerings, which are basically being incubated there, we 
believe that Digicontent will continue growing. So, there is no concern at 
all. However, in this call, typically, we don't touch upon Digicontent. If 
we require more information, we can always connect offline, and we can 
give the answers to your questions. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Thanks for your answer. I'm convinced that you all are committed to 
growing the business. But something needs to be done in terms of 
financial engineering to get that loan off the book internally or give a long 
lease or whatever, my suggestion 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Look, I think your suggestion is well taken, Mehul. We had filed with 
NCLT for the scheme where we required the support of the minority 
shareholders. I think one of the reasons was to avoid comments like this 
from statutory auditors because in these kinds of comments, they have to 
follow the auditing standards, and I understand that. But you're absolutely 
right. If you have got some ideas, we are definitely open to it. But now 
that we are back on the drawing board, we need to do something to avoid 
these kinds of comments, but the situation of the business is absolutely 
robust, needless to say. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Yash R. 
 
Yash R:  
So, my first question is with regards to the operating revenue. It seems 
that there is an increase in the other operating revenue, I think 
consolidated Print level as can be seen in the investor presentation. It 
seems to have gone from around INR 23 crore to approximately  
INR 48 crore in current quarter. So, what would this constitute? 
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Hi, this is Anna here. The other operating income does have a certain 
portion of a forfeiture as part of our Ad for Equity business, which 
happens on a regular basis. So, this has some portion of that as well. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. How much would that be? I mean in the delta? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
No, I wouldn't want to give you a precise number, but a substantial part 
of the change is there. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Competition can get access to this information, and hence, we don't give 
those precise numbers, but those line items are in the ordinary course of 
business, and they are happening at any point. 
 
Yash R:  
Sure, sure. I understand that. Okay. My second question is with regards 
to the investment in new age Digital business that can be seen in the 
HMVL business. So just wanted to ask if we have started incurring or 
earning any revenue on that.  
 
Anna Abraham: 
We are in an incubation stage at this point.  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Not yet, Yash. It will take another couple of quarters for that. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. And if I can just ask one more question. Where are we on the copies 
front, the circulation, for English, particularly? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes. For both English and Hindi as a matter of fact in this quarter, we 
basically managed to bring up our copies quite handsomely. And as you 
also saw in the circulation revenue line, we managed to get a better 
realization per copy as well. So, copies have definitely gone up in this 
quarter. Anna, you have the exact numbers?  
 
Anna Abraham: 
So, we are at anywhere between 75% to 80% of the pre-COVID levels 
from a copy point of view. 
 
Yash R:  
For both Hindi and English? 
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yes, Hindi is higher, Hindi never went down that much. English was the 
one where copies had substantially reduced and this is where we are back 
to 75%. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Bagadia. 
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Good afternoon. This is Vishal Bagadia from Roha Asset Managers. So, 
my question is regarding the raw material prices. How are we seeing the 
raw materials prices right now? And in the near to medium term in the 
next 3 to 6 months, how are we seeing them moving forward? And are 
we seeing - have they peaked out for us in the industry?  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, look, Vishal, I personally believe, and this is my view, that the raw 
material prices as far as the procurement prices, are pretty much at their 
peak. And after flattening for a while, they should start their downward 
journey. But as far as the impact on the P&L is concerned, it will always 
happen with a lag, because there's a certain level of inventory build-up, 
which every company does. So, I believe these raw material prices in the 
next couple of quarters should start coming down; and definitely by Q3, 
we should see the prices softening. 
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
So, how long are we holding the inventory for, if you can say the number? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, we don't disclose that, but we don't have very long inventory. 
Typically, imported inventory because it has a lead transition time as 
well. So, typically, we like to do for about 2 to 3 months, about a quarter. 
Whereas the domestic inventory is virtually on a real-time basis. 
 
Vishal Bagadia:  
Okay. My second question is on the Radio business. This was the most 
impacted business on the media segment. So now as things have started 
opening up and everything has been normalizing. So, how are we seeing 
Radio business growing moving forward? Are we seeing any events 
which we are going to hold in the near term as the festivals are coming 
in? So, how are we seeing Radio in the near term for the next couple of 
quarters? 
 

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Vishal, the simple answer is absolutely yes. As you've seen in the 
financials, I think the growth in this quarter for Radio business has been 
pretty sharp because as you rightly said, it was impacted the highest. In 
terms of having events both online and offline, we are absolutely working 
for it. In the last couple of quarters, we worked with IPL quite extensively. 
And now as we go forward, we are approaching the festive season, and 
we will be working on events portfolio as well, which we always had been 
even prior to the pandemic. Due to the pandemic, we had to scale that 
back.  
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
So, can we say that in the next quarter, we can be somewhere near to the 
pre-COVID numbers on the Radio business? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, not exactly, Vishal. I think the biggest phenomenon in the Radio 
business has been the price degradation, which has happened across. 
Though it came down very sharply, it's taking a while to build back. So, 
I think if you're talking about the revenue numbers, it is still some 
quarters away. Though the journey has started and with various events 
and other offline properties coming into the mix, we will see the pricing 
going up, but it will not clearly reach a pre-pandemic level in the next 
couple of quarters. 
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Sir, if I could squeeze one more. This is on the Digital side of business as 
we are seeing shift from the Print side to Digital side.  Hello, am I audible? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, we can hear you now, Vishal. Go ahead. 
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Yes. So, my question is on the Digital front. So, Sir, moving forward in 
next 2 to 3 years, how are we seeing the proportion of Digital to be, for 
our total pie of the revenue? What would be the focus for Digital moving 
forward in the next 2 to 3 years period?  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, Vishal, this is a philosophical question. I have to be very honest. I 
mean if you compound a certain number with the speed of 25%-30%, 
which is Digital and a certain number with 5% or 10%, I think the 
proportion will keep on increasing. Broadly, that's what I can say.  

 
 
 
      August 5, 2022 
 
Digital acceptance has grown much sharper. Our Digital products, which 
are now there in the market are many more. Our portfolio of Digital 
products for whom we are trying the market fit at this point in time are 
many, which we are incubating. Our investments behind Digital 
businesses are becoming reasonably mature. And I believe that the digital 
space will keep on increasing secularly for quite some time.    
So, with that mix, I think Digital proportion in the overall revenue mix 
will keep on growing. Now putting an exact number will be a tough thing 
because Print, currently, in terms of size, is a much bigger business. But 
as you can see, at an industry level, it is. under tremendous stress and 
there's a different set of levers of Print business as against Digital 
business. So yes, you're absolutely right. Digital will keep on growing. 
What proportion will it become, I think only time will tell.  
 
Vishal Bagadia: 
Ok that would be great. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If you 
have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
Our contact details are given in the investor presentation and are also 
mentioned on our websites. I now hand over to Piyush for closing 
remarks. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thanks, Aaditya. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our  
Q1 FY23 call. I wish you all the very best, and I look forward to seeing 
you in the next quarter's call. Thank you. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
