AIA Engineering Limited 
August 12, 2022 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai -400 001 
Script Code: 532683 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", C-1 , Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Script Code: AIAENG 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors' Conference Call held on August 9, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Conference 
Call between the Company and Investors on Tuesday, August 9, 2022 to discuss the financial 
result and performance of the Company for the Quarter ended so" June, 2022. 
The 
aforesaid transcript 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on the website 
of the 
Company, 
www.aiaengineering.com in accordance with the Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you. 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
CIN: L29259GJ1991PLC015182 
An ISO 9001 Certified Company 
Corporate Office : 11-12, Sigma Corporates, 8/h. HOF Showroom, Off S. G. Highway, Sindhu Bhavan Road 
Bodakdev, Ahmadabad 380 054. Gujarat, INDIA. Ph.: +91-79-66047800 Fax: +91-79-66047848 
' 
Registered Office: 115, G.V.M.M. Estate, Odhav Road, Odhav, Ahmadabad - 382410. Gujarat, INDIA. 
Ph.: +91-79-22901078 Fax: +91-79-229010771 www.aiaanginaering.com, E-mail: ric@aiaanginaaring.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“AIA Engineering Limited Q1 FY-23 Post Results 
Conference Call” 
 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUNAL SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(CORPORATE AFFAIRS), AIA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR –AIA ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. This is Yashaswi, the 
moderator for your call today. Welcome to the Post-Results Conference Call of AIA 
Engineering Limited. We have with us, today, the management team of AIA Engineering 
Limited. 
At this moment, all participant are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-
answer session. At that time if you have a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’. 
I would now like to turn the conference over to AIA Engineering management team. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Kunal Shah: 
Thank you. A very good evening to everyone. Warm welcome to our conference call. This is 
Kunal, and I have Sanjay Bhai here also on the call with us. Given its first quarter, we have 
discussed at length on the plans for this year on the fourth quarter call last month, 1.5 months 
ago. So, we do not have a lot of updates for this quarter, but nevertheless, as usual, we will run 
through the numbers, share a brief on where we stand on a macro level and we will open it to 
Q&A thereafter. 
So, we have produced about 68,000 tons in the quarter and sold about 68,000 tons of sales for 
this quarter, which is up from 60,000 tons in the first quarter last year. But clearly, that quarter 
is not comparable because of COVID interruption. On a sequential basis, we did about 73,000 
tons in the fourth quarter. Compared to that, we did about 68,000 tons this quarter. Our 
realization has inched up to about 150-plus during this quarter, largely reflecting the 
inflationary pass-through that has come along. 
Over last 2 quarters, we have seen that pass-through that we had spoken of come along. For the 
quarter, our raw material pricing still reflects the high raw material costs. We have seen some 
easing over the month of July, but still not material in that sense of things. So, raw material 
pricing still continues to be volatile and high and so is shipping. Most of the lanes where we 
operate, shipping costs have yet not softened, but it looks like when we speak to people in the 
trade that shipping costs should start to normalize in a few quarters' time. 
So, given the (Inaudible) 2.38 and hence the realization increased to 150-plus, we have seen 
our revenue is at Rs. 1,064 crores. Our EBITDA is at Rs. 267 crores, and which is about 25% 
as a percent of sales. And our profit after tax is at about Rs. 190 crores. These numbers are 
largely comparable to the fourth quarter of last year. Our other income is at Rs. 15 crores, 
which is largely export benefits and which is RoDTEP and drawback. We have got non-
operating other income of Rs. 20 crores, a large part of that is treasury income of about Rs. 14 
crores and foreign exchange gain of about Rs. 6 crores. 
Raw material is at 44% to sales in line with the fourth quarter. I think most of the costs are 
comparable to the fourth quarter. Working capital is, again, similar to the fourth quarter. We 
had about 120 days. No significant change in raw material inventory, finished goods or 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
receivables. Tonnage breakup that we have shared in our quarterly snapshot, mining is 45,000 
tons and non-mining is 22,000 tons. We had a slightly slower sales in cement, but more 
seasonal than anything structural, just the product mix for this quarter. Our non-mining was 
28,000 tons and mining was 44,000 tons. So, the 5,000-ton reduction largely comes from the 
non-mining seasonal impact for this quarter. 
Our cash at the end of the quarter was Rs. 2,065 crores, up from Rs. 1,868 crores end of 
March. And from a CAPEX standpoint, investment standpoint, we continue on track for Rs. 
300 crores this year. Just to recap, we are in the process of commissioning our mill lining 
plant, which is at 50,000 tons. We are waiting for consent to operate, and we are expecting that 
in August of this year, this month. So, latest by this month or next, we should be 
commissioning that plant, which will take our weighted capacity from 390,000 tons to 440,000 
tons. 
We have announced some grinding media plant in our last quarter call, which is of 80,000 tons 
and which will take our capacity to 520,000 tons. The grinding media plant will get 
commissioned in the second half of FY '24, total CAPEX of approximately Rs. 250 crores. 
Over and above that, all other CAPEX put together, over the next 2 years, we will need another 
Rs. 150 crores for maintenance CAPEX, some investments in wind and renewable energy, 
maintenance CAPEX, some capacity building for patent shop and other things that we need 
off. So, we are looking at about Rs. 400 crores total CAPEX between 2 years, of which about 
Rs. 250 crores Rs. 275 crores should come this year and the balance should come next year. 
From an overall market standpoint, as mentioned early on, shipping still remains to be a cause 
of concern in terms of our current cost. But clearly, we are shifting gears to say that we are 
looking at growth making this part of the cost conversation. When it comes to conversion from 
forged to chrome, obviously, shipping freight becomes an additional delta that we need to pass 
through. And that is just something that we would wish was a little lower. It would have gotten 
closer to pre-pandemic levels, and we are hoping that, that will happen in the next 2 quarters. 
Having said that, we remain optimistic of doing 30,000 tons of additional tonnage this year and 
then continuing that pace of 25,000 tons to 35,000 tons each year thereafter. This is more 
directional. We explained our constraint in giving exact figures to model just because many 
variables play into that conversion time line and which is where we will be sharing near-term 
guidance and overall structural direction for periods going forward after that. 
I think that, by and large, mining companies remain optimistic about their prospects. 
Commodities have done well. And our solutions for mill lining and high chrome grinding 
media, all feed into significant material benefits for our customers, right? They are looking at 
increased throughput in mines for copper, for example, where that is a very valuable 
improvement because the quality of ore is worsening rapidly and any inputs which can 
improve throughputs is very, very welcome from the customer side. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Likewise, we are able to help with recovery, we are able to help with power costs, material 
costs, which is cost of raw material, which is cost of grinding media and mill lining, cost of 
reagents. All put together, we remain very, very excited about what the future holds and we 
have discussed that strategy then. 
We will have Sanjay Bhai just share his summary on this, and we will move on to Q&A 
thereafter. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Well, good afternoon, and happy to just very quickly add to what Kunal said. Directionally, we 
remain absolutely on track as the results have shown. We continue to demonstrate our ability 
to pass on the cost increase, both in raw material as well as in freight as it will be seen from an 
increase in the average realization, which has inched up to 150-plus this quarter. The margins 
look healthy. Even at the operating level, the EBITDAs are in the range of about 23%-odd, 
whereas the reported EBITDA is obviously higher at about close to 25%. The CAPEX plans 
are on track. 
The work for the new grinding media facility, which we have announced with 80,000 tons has 
already started. The mill liner project is actually technically commissioned, but we are waiting 
for the last mile approval from the local authorities and then we should be able to flag it off. 
But all other work on that project is over. 
So, we continue to maintain the same guidance that we gave at the time of the FY '22 results 
call about the growth. So, in short, everything seems to be quite very much in order. The work 
on all the new mining opportunities is going on with full blast. And I think we should be able 
to achieve what we have projected. 
I think with this, I will request the moderator to go ahead with the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first question 
from the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Congrats on good numbers. Firstly, if I look at the freight outward expenses, they have 
declined almost 20% quarter-on-quarter. So, is it there are some reduction in the ocean freight 
cost or it is? 
Kunal Shah: 
No, that is just the export from India because we have got a fair amount of material in transit 
also, right? So, that is just a quarterly volume of export, that reduction only reflects that. It gets 
built into a stock value and increase/decrease ultimately. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. So, there is no reduction in freight costs. 
Kunal Shah: 
No. That is not reflecting in the shipping. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And we are seeing lot of this, the power and fuel cost increase happening for industry 
per se but we are not so much impacted so far. So, anything that can come up in that in future 
like, say, an increase in power and fuel cost expected? 
Kunal Shah: 
So, we have got some amount of gas that we use for our industrial, but the large majority of 
our cost is grid linked to power, right? 20% of our power comes from our own captive 
renewables. So, that is protected from inflation. Of our total energy, I would imagine, gas is 
less than 15% or 10%. So, that is not a material part. And the balance is I think the state's 
electricity costs have not significantly gone up. There is some increase, but not comparable to 
other energy increases that you have seen. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And what was the realized rate for USD/INR in this quarter? 
Kunal Shah: 
Realized rate? Just one second. Ashutosh, I will just come back to you. I do not have it. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
No issues. Lastly, in terms of demand side, mining side, things remain healthy, there is no 
change per se. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. From a demand standpoint, absolutely okay. I mean the only last bit of our story is taking 
market share from a large pie, right? We are not linked to growing that pie, right? That is not 
what we are focused on or really affects our fortunes. So, to that extent, market is there, there 
are all sorts of headwinds. I think most are getting addressed. Shipping rates is part of our 
process now, right? But it would be nice for that to have easened out. I think from a demand 
standpoint, customers remain extremely buoyant. I do not think there is any concern there. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And just one more question. We are also hearing that the transit times are coming down 
in terms of your ocean container transit times. Is that correct? If that is correct, in that case, 
should we also see some reduction in inventory going ahead over the next 3, 4 quarters? 
Kunal Shah: 
I think so inventory will get optimized, but too early to say that, right? I do not think it is 
linked to the transit time, it is linked to customers' anxiety about interruptions in the supply 
chain, right? The higher shipping cost also reflects that the supply chain is not back to normal, 
right? It is still affected in terms of delays at ports for clearances and other things, right? 
And making sure we have inventory there just gives them comfort that they will not be 
affected by any interruption there. Absolutely, there is scope for some reduction there but no 
point in factoring any of that today when still things are not optimized and not normal yet. The 
realized rate was Rs. 77.32. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sumit Jain from ASK Investment 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Sumit Jain: 
So, when you talk about roughly 30,000 tons of additional volumes this year and next year, 
this is only the grinding area or this includes some lining material also because. 
Kunal Shah: 
No, it is all put together, total volume growth. 
Sumit Jain: 
Total volume growth, including mill liners? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. 
Sumit Jain: 
Okay. And this reduction in freight cost, if you can just explain a bit more because you are 
saying it is not still freight cost per ton or your freight costs coming down and you still has 
challenges passing it on? 
Kunal Shah: 
Sorry, can you repeat, Sumit, I did not get your question? 
Sumit Jain: 
So, this reduction Q-o-Q in freight cost, if you can explain a little more because what you 
sound and what you tell, and correct me if I am wrong, is that you are trying to tell us is that 
you are still not able to fully pass on the freight cost. 
Kunal Shah: 
No. There are three different things you are touching on. One is the reduction in freight cost, 
the absolute reported figure between Q4 and Q1. That figure is simply what was exported in 
those 2 quarters and the shipping cost that we incurred on that export, right? That does not 
reflect the export sales because when we export, we are billing it to our own subsidiary, and 
that sits down as inventory over there, right? This line item is net of those adjustments. It is 
just what we exported and what was the cost incurred for that export. That is not suggestive of 
lower cost or higher cost. 
Sumit Jain: 
Right. So, there are still challenges in terms of passing on the freight cost to the customer, 
right? 
Kunal Shah: 
So, that one is clear? That is not a lower cost, it is just reflective of the export volume in those 
2 quarters, first point. Second point is that over the last 3 quarters, as you have seen our 
realization has moved from 120, 130 now to 150-plus, we have been able to pass through raw 
material increases, we have also been able to pass through the shipping cost, right, where our 
EBITDA coming back up to 25%. 
I am just comparing EBITDA and not the operational margin. I mean the same delta will 
appear over there as well. We may have done a little more in some quarters. But generally 
speaking, we have been able to pass through most of our costs. So, that is second part of it, 
right? The third part is, I do not think there is a large part of cost that we are getting today and 
we have not been able to pass through. I mean, reasonable part of it has been passed through. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
The third angle is, if a freight cost was $100 per ton before COVID or a normalized shipping, 
that cost is $300 per ton. For new when I am talking of business growth, which I am talking of 
new conversions from forged to chrome, that additional cost becomes my delta over a local 
producer, right? If I am replacing a local producer of forged type, he is not incurring this extra 
shipping cost, right? 
So, there is a cost difference between forged and chrome. There is an additional cost that is 
there on account of us having to ship from India to wherever that customer is right? That is 
what we are saying is, it is a cost we would like, that conversions could have faster had that 
cost been little lower. That is our impression now. So, that is the third part linked to business 
growth. 
Sumit Jain: 
So, which means that eventually when freight normalizes, your volumes can come back 
because your product becomes that much more competitive to the local competition. 
Kunal Shah: 
Exactly. That is why we are saying 30,000 tons, 40,000 tons, 25,000 tons, 35,000 tons we will 
add each year comes from that, right? And that was our original model, right? That was where 
we are saying we are a better product as compared to forged for a variety of things that we 
discussed, right, throughput, this that. 
Question is, freight becomes an additional deterrent today, the additional cost factor for 
discussion. I would say absolutely, I mean, that cost going down, certainly lubricates the 
conversation. It allows us to take that one more cost for the returns to work. Absolutely, I 
mean, we would hope that as and when shipping rates normalize, our growth rates, it would get 
reflected in our ability to convert better. 
Sumit Jain: 
And our OP per ton of Rs. 36, I think this was splendid margin. When eventually disinflation 
or softening of inflation prices coming down happens, does that go down or this is kind of 
maintainable? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Look, first, I just want to clarify that internally, as we have been repeatedly telling, we do not 
compute all the margins pattern for the simple reason that we do not have a standard unit of 
measurement in the sense that our product range is very wide and diverse. So, at one end of the 
spectrum, you are buying grinding media and then you have liners and then you have castings 
and there is a mix of things. 
However, having said that, freight is an add-on to the FOB price that we charge to the 
customer, and that is always charged on an actual basis. So, theoretically, the realization might 
come down if supposing the freight goes down. See, as you rightly pointed out, there is a little 
bit of a directional movement in the freight costs. We see they are going a little bit on the 
southwards. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Having said that, there are still pockets where we operate where things are not moving as 
quickly. So, eventually, we will take maybe in the next 3 months or 6 months, you will see the 
freight costs really going down. At that point in time, our average realization can come down 
definitely because that is a function of actual costs being added to the FOB rate at which we 
have firmed up a contract. 
However, therefore, from a margin standpoint in an absolute terms, we will be agnostic for the 
simple reason that freight is always charged extra on an actual basis per customer. So, if you 
look at the percentage margin theoretically, it may inch up a little bit. As the freight costs go 
down and the margin remaining constant, then margin as a percentage to sales can inch up a 
little bit but very marginally. So, I think it is not fair and correct to take it on a pattern basis. 
Sumit Jain: 
Right. And lastly, if you can give commentary about the 3 places where we have OP, that is 
Canada, Brazil and South Africa in terms of volumes? 
Kunal Shah: 
So, South Africa, very little volumes, Canada also very little this quarter. I think Brazil 
continues. Full year, we will do between 8,000 tons and 10,000 tons. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. So, the question 
is if you can give a breakup between exports and domestic sales volume in this quarter? That is 
the first question. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And what was the second question? 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. The second one is essentially that, with the mill liner plant also going to get 
commissioned, so will there be incrementally better margins from mill liners? Or how do you 
look at it? Or will the margins be similar? 
Kunal Shah: 
All the margins in liners at a product level, the margins are different, at an EBITDA 
contribution level, most margins normalize, right? In the current product mix, we have 
grinding media and we have a non-grinding media piece, right? So, while mining liner comes 
up, we are still looking to ramp up our grinding media sales also. 
So, I do not think you should look at grinding media and the mill linings separately from a 
margin standpoint, right? Even at 260,000 tons, if I add 15,000 tons of mill lining, it is not 
even a material margin movement even if it was different in that sense. So, I think we will not 
have additional margin on that account. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, always lot to talk about blended margins and that is how it is. Theoretically, as Kunal 
explained, there would be a variation, obviously, but we continue to give broad indications 
about the blended margins. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. So, an offshoot of that question, will these mill liners now that your product portfolio 
would increase essentially, so would it help you to further enhance the conversion? Because 
now you are offering basically one more thing in the product. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Definitely. See, our strategy is that we target various mines based on different strategies within 
the broad focused universe of gold, copper and iron, okay? So, as we explained in the past, 
there are quite a few mines we approach based on the DP-related or the down process-related 
advantages that we can bring on table. There are quite a few mines we approach on the liner 
situation. Our whole idea is that whatever approach we take, ultimately, the volumes would 
want to be doing lot of cross-selling. 
And therefore, our idea is to increase the sales of grinding media on the back of liners or vice 
versa. There are quite a few mines where we talk of grinding media and then also push liners. 
So, the whole focus is we are perhaps the only company in the world who can give all these 
multifarious solution capabilities, which we can demonstrate and therefore, the eventual idea is 
that while the liner market could be just about 300,000-odd tons and we are talking of 40,000 
tons, 50,000 tons, near to 50,000-plus tons capacity that we have created, dedicated plus the 
existing setup, the whole idea is that while we improve or increase the penetration on the liner 
side, we will definitely push the volumes through grinding media. That is the whole idea. 
Kunal Shah: 
And just to answer volume question, our volume is also similar to our revenue breakup 
between 26%, 27% is India versus west wing export, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question is with respect to the blended realization. Obviously, this quarter realization 
was one of the highest. How do you see the realization panning out? Has it fully captured in 
the price increases that we need to take further rupee depreciation, can it be relevant to the 
realization? Where do you see this realization settling in over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
See in our view, we believe that the current Q1. 
Kunal Shah: 
I think so this reflects more or less most pass-throughs. Some raw material prices, it may not 
increase significantly. The only difference would be currency and product mix from here on. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, it may come down, as I said, if the freight goes down or if the ferrochrome prices come 
down. I think we are seeing directionally a little bit of softening everywhere. So, you may treat 
this as the peak. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And secondly, with respect to the efforts with respect to the grinding media in new 
geographies in Latin America, any update on that? Especially the key countries like Chile, 
Peru, bulk of the volumes from copper, et cetera, can be there. So, any large? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Nothing to report over last quarter. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, exactly. We continue to put our efforts for those markets. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. And any target volume for mill lining this year and next year from the new facilities 
that you can talk about? 
Kunal Shah: 
We will just leave it at overall 30,000 tons volume, allow us to just execute this over this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers this quarter. Sir, just to extend on this realization 
bit. Now I understand that ferrochrome prices have actually fallen by about 20%, 25% on a 
spot basis and not to mention that other aspects like freight, et cetera, itself are softening. So, 
would it be fair to say that in a gradual manner, this would be reflected into our realizations as 
we move ahead? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, it is a pass through both ways, Bhoomika. It cannot be one way, right? The customers 
have given us the pass through when it went up, we will have to be fair and square and pass 
back some of those movements. Yes. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. So, when we pass it on, while I do understand that it is not fair to really look at on a per 
ton EBITDA or a per ton gross margin, given the change of mix and other aspects which come 
along the way, but how should one look at the margin profile? Would it remain in the 22%, 
23% band? Or with the pass-through element of the lower cost structure, the margins will 
optically look better, though maybe not on your basis in terms of per ton basis may not really 
go up. Is that the way we should be thinking about? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. You are very right, Bhoomika. Sanjay, here. You should not look at it on a per ton basis. I 
think as I explained in one of the previous questions, the correct way would be to look at it as a 
percentage. So, operating EBITDAs are around 23%, they might inch up a little bit in terms of 
percentages as gradually the realizations go down. But as we have always maintained, it is 
always also a function of product mix. 
So, if product mix becomes better in terms of more value-added products getting added, the 
realizations average level might not fall drastically from the present level. So, I think from a 
percentage standpoint, I think we should be good and this should be regarded as quite 
comfortably maintainable and maybe improve a little bit. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So, the other thing is in terms of the volume growth. We are looking at 30,000 tons to 50,000 
tons on an annual basis incremental volumes over the next few years. As we kind of scale up in 
terms of our market share, at what point do you think that the forged media guys will get up 
and say, okay, we are losing like the Mol Corps of the world that we are starting to lose market 
share and they start getting more aggressive in whatever manner that they can, either in terms 
of getting aggressive in terms of market. Your views on that, sir, maybe long-term perspective 
not something. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. So, first, let us be very honest, this whole equation is actually far more complicated than 
it sounds over a call, okay? So, there are multiple factors that we always face when we 
approach a mine. Most important part, what we believe is that, given the cutting-edge 
capability of offering this unique solution, this capability is not available with forged media 
players. So, beyond a point, they cannot compete. 
We are not sounding arrogant, but the fact remains that when they cannot directly have an 
apple-to-apple comparison in terms of solution capability or the product attributes that what we 
offer vis-a-vis what they are currently offering, there is a limit beyond which they cannot go. 
Having said that, the fact remains that they are very close to the customer, they are there for 
ages. So, they have those deep relationships and the mining manager will always be a little 
hesitant in just jumping. 
And that is why we are actually adopting multipronged approach. We believe that, eventually, 
we should be able to slowly and gradually gain a significant market share. The market will 
continue to grow. It is not like that Molycorps of the world will just suddenly stop. Yes, there 
will be very, very stiff competition. But I think eventually, we should be able to convert and 
obtain a decent growth in the market share for the very simple reason that we believe we have 
a much, much better solution to offer than a plain forged media player can offer. And that is 
what will differentiate us. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sure, sure. Point accepted. Sir, the last question is on the cash on books. So, we have, over the 
years, kind of accreted a lot of cash. And again, on quarter-on-quarter basis, it is kind of gone 
up to over Rs. 2,000 crores. Now that the uncertainty of COVID, et cetera, is behind and you 
are back on the growth path and likely free cash flow generation, what is our thought process 
on this cash on books? Any dividend distribution or any other usage that you have in mind? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, nothing specific to report, Bhoomika, but we will not significantly add from here. Of 
course, there will be some accumulation. But over next 2 years, because of the growth that we 
are seeing, between the dividend levels we have, fixed assets and working capital, we will 
consume cash for the next 2 years, right? If there is significant accumulation, obviously, that 
mindset will change. But for now, I think we are more focused on making sure we do 
everything to realize the growth that we are looking ahead of us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Raja Kumar, an individual investor. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Raja Kumar: 
So, I have a couple of questions. The first question is, I just wonder, any opportunities AIA is 
seeing from the orders that will be let go an European competitor Magotteaux with the high 
power costs? 
Kunal Shah: 
Sorry, we missed most of what you said. 
Raja Kumar: 
Because of the higher power cost in Europe, some of the competitors are looking at, I mean, 
that will be an advantage for Indian companies right, so just wanted to know, is AIA seeing 
any kind of upside from market share standpoint? 
Kunal Shah: 
I think there is not so much facilities in Europe. So, it is not a big opportunity in that sense. 
Raja Kumar: 
Okay. And sir, for the current financial year apart from the volume increase of 30,000 tons that 
you spoke, so what are the other levers for margin expansion? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Okay. So, there are several reasons which can come in our favor. So, you are talking about '22-
'23, correct? 
Raja Kumar: 
That is correct. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. So, what I am saying is we have said we have not given any specific guidance about 
margins. We were only replying to the question that whether there should be a per ton analysis 
or whether it should be a percentage analysis, so what we have said is that whatever we have 
done 22%, 23%, as a pure operating margin, that can definitely continue. We also mentioned it 
could be inching up a little bit from an arithmetic standpoint. 
So, just for example, if we add Rs. 10 as a freight to a selling price of Rs. 100 per kilo and then 
that freight goes down to Rs. 5, and therefore, the actual cost is also lower, and therefore, 
theoretically, in terms of percentage, the margin remains the same, therefore, as a percentage 
of sales, it can inch up. That is what I will say. Having said that, as our product mix improves, 
our liner and all other product sales goes up and we penetrate deeper into bigger mines, copper 
mines, gold mines, et cetera, we believe the margins have a potential to improve. Having said 
that, we have not given any specific guidance on margin improvement. 
Raja Kumar: 
And the last question, sir, I just see that the inventory as of Q1 end is about Rs. 100 crores 
more than what you had in Q4. So, given that the raw material prices have started coming 
down, so is there any reason you have build up the inventory because we would have generally 
thought that you would have unwind high-cost inventory? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
As our raw material inventory buildup is very nominal, what is going up is on the finished 
goods side. If you see, because we are maintaining lot of inventories across 20-plus 
warehouses across the globe, point #1. It is just. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Kunal Shah: 
It is a timing issue. I do not think that there is any strategy behind. It is just a timing issue at 
this point in time. 
Raja Kumar: 
Is it to do with your upcoming mill liner project or it is just. 
Kunal Shah: 
Nothing. It is just a point in time like we told you. Nothing, no specific reason for it to go up in 
that sense. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dhiral Shah from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, you just talked about the total mill liner market size is 3 lakh tons. So, is it only a metallic 
mill liner or it includes rubber and composite also? 
Kunal Shah: 
That is a metallic market of 300,000 tons. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. Sir, I mean about how much would be composite or how much would be rubber mill 
liner? 
Kunal Shah: 
We do not have the exact number on it. 300,000 tons is a metal market on which we are 
focused on. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. Sir, since you are entering into this metallic mill liner for the first time, even one of the 
domestic player were into similar line of business, it is only disrupting the metallic mill liner 
market through the innovative product. So, what is your take on that? 
Kunal Shah: 
We are not disrupting the metal market, we are just replacing the metal mill liner with another 
metal mill liner, but it is just got a design intervention from our side. We are already doing 
20,000 tons of mill lining for mining each year already. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Predominantly outside India. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Yes, as in, do you feel any threat or going ahead for the metallic mill liner as a whole? 
Kunal Shah: 
Not really. That is a different application where metal is a superior material for the type of 
grinding that is required. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Siddhart Purohit from InvesQ 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Siddhart Purohit: 
Sir, one clarification. Like in the overall scheme of things, what will be our contribution in the 
total cost for the miners? Like basically, I want to understand if, let us say, copper producer 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
spends $100 for producing 1 ton of copper, how much of mill liners or maybe our product is 
used over there? Is it significant enough or? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. So, Siddharth, see, there is no clear yard stick. There are very different types of operating 
conditions, but you can generally say that grinding, the consumable, the wear parts that we are 
focused on will constitute 8% to 10% of the entire mining operations cost. That is an average. 
It can vary mine to mine, but this is the average, so that is significant. So, the value add that we 
say, that if you use our grinding media or liners, A, you can reduce the consumption by 10%, 
15%, 20%, which would mean a direct 1% or 2% addition to your EBITDA. 
That is point #1. Point #2, we bring a lot of value add apart from the savings that we are 
talking about. So, we talk about reduction in the power cost, we talk about reduction in the cost 
of other reagents at the DP stage, and we talk about improvement in the throughputs 
marginally, but that overall cost of ownership in the hands of the mine goes down 
significantly. And that is what is unique about us. 
Siddhart Purohit: 
Right. So, sir, the reason I am asking is that, in the last couple of weeks, we have seen sharp 
fall in commodity prices. So, are there cases where you are able to like convince a customer 
that if you adopt our product more aggressively or maybe faster adaptation, then probably you 
can make better money as compared to your competitor? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, first, Siddharth, we try to be as much agnostic as possible to the commodity cycle. Having 
said that, in a scenario of falling commodity prices, if theoretically the margins of mines come 
under pressure, then they would be a little more open to look at us because we are talking 
about their benefit. 
Having said that, under any circumstances, if you talk of a solution, which can bring 
revolutionary changes in the operating parameters of a mine, they are always open. So, 
initially, before 7, 8 years, when we were approaching mines just on a cost savings basis in the 
consumption of the consumable wear parts, that was not making full impact. 
Today, I think we have become a much more potent solution provider. We are talking about 
significant benefits at no extra cost in the sense that the miner is paying me for the product that 
I am supplying. I am not asking anything extra for the service or the consulting or whatever 
additional value add I bring on the table. And therefore, I become very compelling. Imagine 
the case of a copper mine or a gold mine, where we say that we can improve your throughput 
by, say, even 0.25%, then the cost of consumable wear parts becomes insignificant. You get 
my point? 
Siddhart Purohit: 
Right. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. So, I think we are talking on a much, much different plane now than just on a cost savings 
basis, and that is what is making us feel very confident that we should be able to consistently 
keep on getting more and more market share over a longer time horizon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pritesh Chedda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Sir, one clarification. To one of the participant, you responded that realizations, you do not see 
changing much in the cycle, despite the reduction in ferrochrome price. 
Kunal Shah: 
The question was, can it go higher. What Sanjay Bhai responded was this looks to have 
plateaued in raw material pricing. If it goes down from here, our realization will mirror that. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So, the current 20% reduction in ferrochrome price is already reflected in the Rs. 160 
realization. 
Kunal Shah: 
We did not say 20%, I do not know where that number has come from. Ferrochrome is very, 
very volatile. Every day, every week, the price is changing. And I do not think we have seen 
cycles where things go down and go back up again. So, we will have to see this over the next 2 
quarters on the price. The important thing is, in theory, in practice, in the way that our model 
works, if it is fair and square with the customer, if it reduces on a sustainable basis, our 
realization will mirror that. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So, the product mix angle that you guys were referring to, is there any substantial product mix 
change, which can? 
Kunal Shah: 
Over quarters, we do have higher the product mix does change and that can impact but, of 
course, it will not impact margins by 30%, right? But you still have margin differences that 
accrue on account of that. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Okay. And the mill lining, is the realization equal to the average that the company has or it is a 
higher-priced product? 
Kunal Shah: 
It is a higher-priced product, but it will not help you derive the impact of it on margin because 
we also have many other higher-priced products compared to the average realizations, right? 
So, it will be part of the overall mix. As we grow, we will also be selling other parts nearer to 
the average or lower than the average, right? So, it is a sum total of all those parts that we sell. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Priyankar Biswas from Nomura. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Congratulations, Kunal Bhai and Sanjay Bhai, on the great numbers. So, of course, most of my 
questions are answered. So, just one question from me. So, we are seeing that freight rates are 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
August 9, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
softening. And I remember, you had once told that, at the moment, the supplies to Canada and 
Brazil, the freight rate was kind of an issue. Now how much does the freight rate, according to 
your calculations, need to fall from present levels for you to, let us say, resume shipments to 
Canada? And how much volumes? 
Kunal Shah: 
No, I mean today, freight rates are at least 2x, maybe 3x in many lanes. Again we do shipping 
from 100 miles to a few thousand miles, right? So, that is not a one answer. But I mean, those 
shipping lanes where we sell to, it should come back. So, at some places, it is 2x, some places 
it is 3x and some places it is still even 3.5x or 4x our original rates, right? So, it is more a 
directional answer versus objective answer, saying, if it falls below 30%, I get 20% more 
margin. I do not think there is a one-to-one correlation like that kind of. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
But your FY '23 or FY '24 does not include any contribution from Canada, right? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
At this point in time, no. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay. So, let us say, freight costs were to, hypothetically, let us say, fall by 30%, 40%, then is 
it possible that we could be starting to sell again to Canada? 
Kunal Shah: 
Difficult to say at this time. I think we will share as things evolve. There is lot of volatility, lot 
of variables that we are looking at right now. So, just answering one variable independent of 
others may not be a fair way, which is why the overall guiding 30,000 tons should be possible, 
right? See, one may come, something else may go, something else may change, right? So, I do 
not think that would be a fair response to pin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Kunal Shah: 
I think most questions seem to have been answered. I think we can go for the closeout 
comments. So, thank you all. As always, Sanjay Bhai and I remain available offline for any 
other questions that you need answered. And we look forward to connecting after Diwali for 
our second quarter results. Have a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for 
your participation and for using Chorus Call Conferencing Services. You may please 
disconnect your lines now. Thank you. Have a great evening. 
