Nrrrnr SprrvNERs Lrp
.ff*\
{ 
'h'1
a rcdfo{h{nftlslbd{il{ss
omdbgre oetsle$5?sdoid m{
9rrtr9\r
REF: NSL/SG /2022-23/
Date: t2.08.2022
BSE ttd.
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 001
Company Code - 532698
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
BandraKurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai- 400 051.
Company lD - NITINSPIN
Sub. : Transcript of Analvst/!nvestor Earnings Call held on 08.08.2022
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to regulations 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations , 20L5, please find attached transcript of the Company's Analyst/ investor Call held
on Aug 08, 2022 on Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the Quarter
ended on 30 June, 2022. The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e.
www. nitinspin ners.com.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For- Nitin Spinners
r
ClN. : L17111 RJ1992P1C006987
Regd. Office & Plant :16-17 Km. Stone, Chittor Road, Hamirgarh, Bhilwara (Raj.) 31i 025
Tel. : 286110 to'I13, Fax : 91-1482-286114 & 117
E-mail : nsl@nitinspinners.com, Website : www.nitinspinners.com
SI,.IPIMA
bsL
-V
rso 
\ rso 
\ossas 
\ rnus \ 
\
9oo1:2015 \ rqo,rr,zors \+soor:zota \ loool,zora \sA 8000:2014
euarity ,f Environmenrat /$;iy-1"13131,^,./r"",gy I :o:,j, -
Mil;;;;;i/1..1[k]1
fi
CO?ION UsA
USTER
WORLD'S Fl l,lEST COTTONS

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Nitin Spinners Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 08, 2022 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 08th August 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
          
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. 
DINESH 
NOLKHA 
- 
PROMOTER 
AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
                                             MR. P MAHESHWARI - CFO, NITIN SPINNERS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AWANISH CHANDRA - SMIFS LIMITED 
                                            

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nitin Spinners 
Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by SMIFS 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch tone phone. Please note, that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 
I now turn the conference over to Mr. Awanish Chandra. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir.  
 
Awanish Chandra: Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the SMIFS 
Limited, I welcome you all to Q1 FY23 conference call of Nitin 
Spinners Limited. We are pleased to host the top management of the 
company. Today we have with us, Mr. Dinesh Nolkha, Promoter and 
Managing Director of the company, and Mr. P Maheshwari, CFO of 
the company. We will start the call with initial commentaries on 
results, and then we will open the floor for question-and-answer.  
 
Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Nolkha, Managing Director of the 
Company. Over to you, Dinesh sir. 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Thank you, Awanish ji. Good evening and a warm welcome to all the 
participants to this investor conference concall of our first quarter 
results. I hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. I have with me, 
Mr. P Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Nitin Spinners. I 
hope all of you must have had a chance to look at our investor 
presentation that is uploaded on the company's website, as well as on 
the stock exchanges.  
 
Let me first start with the industry and business scenario. As you all 
know, the cotton textile sector is witnessing a unprecedented situation 
in terms of heavy fluctuations in cotton prices in international and 
domestic markets, shortage of cotton in domestic markets and demand 
disruption due to high volatility.  
The international cotton prices on ICE exchange after peaking to about 
USD1.55 per pound is now lower to about USD1.05  by June and 
December futures are now quoted at about USD 0.95a pound. Indian 
cotton prices of Shankar 6 have also touched the peak of about 
INR106,000 a candy in the month of May, is now down to about 
INR92,000 per candy, and December futures are quoted at about 
INR70,000 per candy.  
 
Due to these heavy fluctuations, everyone in the downstream channel, 
producers of the fabric, garments have adopted wait and watch policy 
and avoiding the further order and waiting for cotton and yarn prices to 
settle down, and in the meantime, reducing their inventory pipeline. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Indian spinners are at a steep disadvantage since domestic cotton price 
is Abnormally higher than the international cotton prices, making it 
difficult for Indian yarn producers to compete in world markets. 
Moreover, shortage of the physical cotton in India have made the 
situation even more difficult. Spinners have contracted for imported 
cotton after removal of duty by government. However, due to logistic 
challenges, the cotton is arriving with a lag of around three to four 
months. Thus, spinners are facing serious shortage of cotton.  
 
In this situation, spinners are resorting to production cuts to avoid 
heavy losses and pileup of inventory. This situation is expected to 
remain till arrival of new cotton which is expected in full form by end 
of October. However, with the increasing sowing of cotton and good 
monsoons and Government of India, the efforts of the various treaty, 
and FTA arrangements, PLI, Mega Textile Park and the China Plus 
One strategy which is already playing out, we believe that Indian 
textile industry’s long-term growth prospects remain positive. 
 
Coming to the company's performance in this quarter. Due to increase 
in raw material costs and a small reduction in production, the margin 
remained under pressure. We have achieved the revenue growth of 
28% year-on-year despite the challenging environment. Situation in 
current quarter remains extremely challenging, as international demand 
is much lower due to price uncertainty and volatility and it is 
uneconomical to sell the yarn by buying cotton at current market 
prices. As a result, during the quarter we expect the production to be 
lower. However, we believe that situation will restore to normalcy with 
the arrival of new cotton.  
 
In view of current volatile situation, we are increasing the share in the 
value-added segments to reduce our risks. Our Woven Fabric segment 
now constitutes 19% of our total revenue in Q1 FY23 as compared to 
12% in Q1 FY22, and 14% in the full financial year lasting ’22.  
 
Regarding Capex, on the Capex front, we are on track with the 
execution and expect to commence the projects within the timeline and 
prices by us in our earlier communications. We are determined to have 
a sharp focus on our business and to deliver superior quality and wide 
range of products to our customers. We'll strive to maintain our top 
line growth momentum by optimizing our capital use and placing a 
strong emphasis on value-added product. Our differentiated strategy is 
characterized by innovation and sustainable practices.  
 
This is all from my side. I shall now hand over the call to Mr. 
Maheshwari to give you the operating and financial highlights for the 
quarter gone by.  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
P. Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
the call. I would like to share operational and financial highlights for 
the quarter ended 30th June 2022.  
                                    Revenue for the current quarter increased to INR709 crore from 
INR555 in Q1 FY22, that is increase of 28% Y-o-Y. On quarter-on-
quarter basis, the same has reduced by 8% mainly due to increase in 
inventories.  
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR109 crore as compared to INR129 
crore in Q1 FY22 that is lower by about 15% on year-on-year basis. 
On quarter-on-quarter basis, the same is reduced from INR167 crore to 
INR109 crore.  
 
EBITDA margin for the quarter is 15.4% as against margin of 23.2% 
in Q1 FY22 and Q4 FY22 margins of 21.8%. This was mainly due to 
increased raw material costs.  
 
Reported PAT for the quarter is INR66 crore as against INR60 crore in 
Q1 ‘22 and INR86 crore of Q4 ‘22.  
 
EPS and cash EPS for the quarter is INR11.66 and INR15.54 per share 
respectively.  
 
During the quarter, we produced 16,700 metric tons of yarn as against 
17,700 metric tons in Q1 FY22. Out of that about 25% of yarn has 
been captively  consumed.  
Knitted Fabric production was 1,545 metric tons during the quarter 
against 1,935 metric tons during last year, same quarter.  
Woven Fabric production for the quarter was 70 lakh meters as against 
62 lakh meters in Q1 FY22, and whereas, the Finished Fabric 
production was 61 lakh meters during the quarter as against 46 lakh 
meters in Q1 FY22.  
 
That's all from my side. Now, I open the floor for question and 
answers.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. First question is on the line of Manish 
from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, what was our average realization in spinning yarn and Knitting 
Fabric and Woven Fabric for Q1?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, you want to know the breakup of the top line or you want to 
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Yes, sales price like what was, like INR400 per kg or what.  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Normally we do not disclose these particulars as what average 
realization we get. But I can just, I can give you a ballpark number, 
that we have realized more than INR400 a kg in the yarn side.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, fabric? This Woven and Knitting Fabric? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Similarly, I think always Knitted fabric will be always higher than the 
yarn segment. In the Grey Fabric segment also normally, it is a mix of 
Grey, as well as the finished one. So, normally we do not share price 
that way. 
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. Okay. No problem. And sir, this fabric capacity which we have, 
so, Knitting and Woven, so, we make Grey fabric, as well as processed 
fabric for both? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
In case of Woven fabric, we make woven, as well as processed, both. 
In case of Knitted, the only do greige.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, in Slide 11, we have proposed Capex of INR955 
crore. So, what would be the split of that Capex in Spinning, Knitting 
and Woven?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
This I have explained in our last conference call also, Would like to 
again share with you that out of this, nearly INR700 crore plus is going 
to go for our Spinning business. About Knitting business and Woven 
Fabric, Woven and Processing Fabric will be about INR155 crore, and 
another nearly INR100 crore will be for the margin money.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir last question, what was the inventory gain in Q1 out of 
our EBITDA margin of 15%? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I don't think there was any inventory gain for us. We continued to 
maintain a very reasonable level of inventory. So, which is already 
getting rolled over. There is no inventory gains. Rather, as I explained 
in my initial commentary, there are inventory, there are losses because 
of the prices going down.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand how are you operating in 
current scenario where cotton price is really expensive, and it is 
difficult to pass on the higher price to the customer? So, what is your 
current operating utilization across businesses? And I mean, what kind 
of strategic decisions you have taken to overcome losses in the next six 
months? 
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, Prernaji, as we envisaged that the situation would 
normalize once the new cotton crop comes in, as we are already seeing 
the prices of raw cotton in the future or the new crop is already getting 
in line with the international markets. So, we do not expect that this 
challenge will last for another six months or so. We are expecting that 
another three months or so, by mid of November we should be in a 
normalized position.  
 
Regarding the three months which we have in hand at the moment, and 
already one and a half months, which has passed, we are trying to see 
that we do not buy the new cotton at a higher price, because since the 
higher price cotton if you buy today, is not making any sense. So, 
accordingly we are right sizing our capacities as per the inventories 
which is already been --- cotton which has already been purchased by 
us. 
 
As far as capacity utilization of various businesses is concerned, our 
Spinning business is operating I think at nearly 30% down in our 
standard capacity. As far as our weaving capacities and weaving and 
finishing capacities, they are running at nearly 90% levels. They are 
running at full capacity, what we normally operate it. And knitting 
capacity’s is also very, very down because the international brands are 
not sourcing this all over the world. So, that is also down to around 
50%. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And sir, at current operating levels, you know that 
Spinning is 30% lower and Knitting is at 50% lower than our normal 
utilization rates. Will it be fair to assume that we would largely only 
breakeven in the quarter? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I would not like to extrapolate that  
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: As an industry if it would have been operating at these levels, 
because I don't want to understand your cotton purchase cost but just to 
understand that these operating levels must be across the industry also?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Of course. Most of the industries operating today, if you see the 
average, what we understand is, that the cotton yarn production is 
down by about 40%, and 10% has moved to the alternate blends, 
synthetic blends. So, in all, about 30% capacity all over the country is 
down in most of the areas today. As such, the normal spinning mills 
are having different cost structures. Different spinning mills will have 
different cost structures. Depending on same, we will be able to judge 
the operating leverage, but we feel at these levels we should be able to, 
at 70% level, normally there is breakeven only. Beyond this level there 
will be definitely not. 
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. And sir, last question on cotton versus blended. How much of 
your capacity has been shifted to blended currently and how is the 
performance there, because blended players are reporting decent 
performance till now? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Definitely blended segment is better. Synthetic segment is still 
superior. And we have shifted about 7% to 10% of our capacity for 
which we were able to do because of our inherent machineries’ 
availability. Beyond that, we are also not able to shift the capacity.  
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. This is still good, sir. 10% capacity shifting to blended. Okay. 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amman from Augmenta Research 
Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Like, given that you explained the whole scenario where some of the 
mills are not operational. So, what I was reading that some of the 
spinning mills since last three, four months are not able to operate 
profitably. So, like are we evaluating any inorganic growth 
opportunities, because there have been some deals that are passed 
through in Gujarat wherein, players with around 15,000 spindles were 
acquired by other players who have 1 lakh to 1.5 lakh spindles 
capacity. So, are we looking into some inorganic expansion currently? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Not at this point of time, Aman. We are not looking at any inorganic 
growth. We are already into a phase where we are increasing our 
capacities by around 40% in spinning by organic manner. So, at this 
point of time not looking for anything beyond that.  
 
Aman Madrecha: 
And sir, no change in plan about the commissioning of the project, 
right? Everything is on track, right?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Everything is on track. Capacity expansion plan is going as per 
schedule. Spent nearly 10% of the money on the project 
commissioning and capacity additions. All the effective steps have 
been taken. Do not see any issue there. 
 
Aman Madrecha: 
Okay. Because some players have halted their expansions and so, like. 
And sir, out of this total mix of around 500 sorry, we're spending 
INR700 crore for spinning. So, what would be the mix like? How are 
we looking to fund this thing?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Out of this total INR955 crore, one-third is, nearly 30% is our internal 
accrual, which we are getting and about, INR655 crore is from the 
debt, which has already been tied up. These are long-term debts.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Kamya Wealth. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Chirag Jain: 
Buyers aren't currently sourcing. So, I just wanted to know that the 
issues, whether there is an issue on the customer’s demand side or due 
to falling cotton price they are not sourcing it? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
See, there are two issues attached to it. First is, we are having a very 
uncertain environment all around the world. We have a few challenges 
like Russia, Ukraine standoff. Number two, we have, there is a mindset 
that U.S. is going into recession. Thirdly, China having a COVID at 
the moment. That China's COVID policy, zero COVID policy where 
there is a lot of stoppages in China. So, all these factors actually and 
then the volatility in the commodity prices. So, all these factors are 
actually putting, let's say customers are not very sure whether what we 
should do in such uncertain times.  
 
So, what they have tried to do is this, they have started to reduce their 
inventory. As we get to know from various retail sales happening all 
around the world, that there is no major decline in the apparel sales as 
such. But the mindset is to bring down the inventories. So, that if there 
is any shock, that is the much lesser than what it should be. That is the 
main reason why most of the customers have withhold their orders and 
tried to use the existing inventories with them. 
 
Chirag Jain: 
Got that. Secondly, on the capacity addition, on the industry side, so, 
because we are seeing many players expanding currently in the 
spinning side, so, how do you see situation going three years down the 
line of the spinning? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Like, spinning first of all, we have huge capacity in India. Like we 
have about 50 million spindles of capacity in India and annual addition 
is to the tune of about 2.5 million spindles, which is around 5%. So, we 
definitely expect the domestic, as well as our international industry to 
grow by that 5%. So, we do not see any major challenge over there. 
Rather, if you see the most of the machinery manufacturers, delivery of 
the machines is now beyond two years, two and a half years. So, this is 
a normal growth rate which should continue. 
 
Chirag Jain: 
Got that. Also, your investor presentation mentioned about some 
forward integration you are adding on knitting side. So, can you please 
highlight more on that? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, since we are producing various kinds of knitted fabrics. So, 
we keep on looking at the kinds of fabrics which is not in our profile. 
So, we accordingly add up the knitting machines to suit those 
requirements, since we are now into quite a lot of finer counts and a lot 
of finer fabrics as well. So, we have added the knitting capacity over 
there.  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Chirag Jain: 
Okay. Finally, my last question would be on the importing cotton. So, 
are we importing any cotton? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Definitely, we are importing. 
 
Chirag Jain: 
So, what is the percentage? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Normally, it is not that because there is the shortage, we are importing. 
We are a normal importer of cotton. There are certain kinds of yarn 
which we produce, which needs imported cotton. So, definitely those 
extra-long, staple cotton and cotton required for contamination free, 
and we are regularly importing. Off-late, when we saw that there is a 
shortage of cotton, we pulled on and imported a bit more than normal. 
So, overall, if you see on an average basis, we have been importing 8% 
to 10% of our requirements annually.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Kaushal Kedia as an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand, what is the current cost of debt? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Our current cost of debt is, our long-term debt is costing about 3% net 
of the state investment subsidies and working capital loans at this point 
of time, after all this increase in MCLR and other things is about 7%. 
Blended costs is about 4.5%.  
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
So, this current, this new debt that you will raise will be of the similar 
cost? Will get state subsidy on that also? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, of course. We'll get the state subsidy on that as well. And it will 
be even lesser than this.  
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
So, this state subsidy is not, you are not looking at it, it won't get 
withdrawn anytime soon, because there are murmurs of --- other states 
have withdrawn it, such as…with other states withdrawing, will 
Rajasthan also follow the same path? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Not at least now, and once the state subsidy is sanctioned for a 
particular project, it continues to the life of that project. So, that is one 
thing which is there. Secondly, in fact, Rajasthan is having a Invest 
Rajasthan Conclave in first week of October, where they are going to 
announce another new scheme for this. So, at this point of time, at least 
we're not seeing any withdrawal of any policies.  
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Oh, so you are saying, suppose for example, if this new debt that you 
take, if it's for say, for example, 10 years. So then even if the state 
decides to withdraw the subsidy going forward, it will still stay for the 
full 10 years till it's completed? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. 
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
That is very positive, because the cost of debt becomes very, very 
cheap then. 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, exactly.  
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
And sir, what is the average realization of yarn that is happening 
currently in quarter two? The figure was sir, INR400 last quarter. What 
is it currently? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Like it was north of INR400 last quarter, and now in this quarter, it 
depends on the definitely on the counts, but on an average basis, what 
we are seeing is in the range of about INR350 to INR360.  
 
Kaushal Kedia:      So, what I understand is, since, just from understanding the business, 
cotton has also fallen roughly 10% and yarn has also fallen 10%. So, 
it's not the price that is an issue, it's the demand that is continuing to be 
an issue. What is the issue? Is it the raw material prices or is it the 
demand?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Like at this point of time, we have both the issues. First of all, on the 
raw cotton side, we have seen that, if you see the cotton prices 
internationally have fallen by about 35% to 40%. On the ICE 
exchanges, it was USD155. Now, it is about USD96. So, this is a huge 
drop. And due to this, the cotton prices all around the world have 
fallen. Accordingly, the expectation of the customer for the new prices, 
has also fallen. Of course, it has not fallen by 40%, 50%, whenever 
raw cotton begins. The raw cotton constitutes about 55% to 60% of the 
total yarn value. So, accordingly that has been adjusted to 15% to 20% 
price reduction is expected by the customer from the top prices which 
we used to get. So, that is an obvious thing. when there was increase in 
raw material costs, the prices were increased. When there is a falling 
down. So, it will also come down.  
 
But the problem is the timing. That is on the demand side. On the 
demand side what we have seen is because of this volatility, most of 
the customers are very scared. There is something, like ICE exchanges 
have fallen 30% within a span of three weeks, which is unforeseen. We 
have never seen this kind of things happening in last 20 years, 25 years 
that such a sharp reduction is happening in the international prices, as 
well as in the Indian prices. The Indian prices which were quoting at 
about INR106,000 to INR107,000 a candy are now, for December 
futures been quoted at INR70,000.  
 
But here in India, if you see this, as this could be look like a normal 
situation, but when we come to the India specific position, what has 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
happened is there is no physical cotton available. So, the physical 
cotton is still today being sold by traders which is in miniscule quantity 
at INR90,000 a candy or INR92,000 a candy. So, the problem is here 
that if you want to buy INR92,000 and then sell it INR78,000 a candy, 
the yarn price, that doesn't suit. 
 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Understood. So, sir, at this point, you are going to expand, you have 
announced such a big capex. So, you're not nervous about it, because 
you think situation will normalize going ahead? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, of course, because this is unforeseen. We have not seen this in 
past. This has all happened due to I would say major issue is that it was 
a statistical failure on part of the industry, as well as on the part of the 
government bodies, which is involved in the assessment of the crop. 
And then we exported nearly 47 lakh bales of cotton and we had a drop 
of about 15% of the crop, and we exported another 15% out of our 
country without understanding the need of the industry. So, this 
particular situation normally never happened. So, this is why we are in 
such a situation today. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhineet  Anand from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
  
Abhineet  Anand: 
So, trying to understand FY22, we had a very sharp increase in 
margins, as one of the reasons also obviously, increasing cotton prices. 
So, if you assume a normalized scenario, not what we are facing now, 
and not that we be faced FY22, so in a normalized scenario, what 
could be the margin for the yarn and fabric business be?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I've been elaborating on this always that the normal margins from the 
yarn business is in the range of 15% to 18%. That is a normalized 
margin. On the Fabric side, the normalized margins are in the range of, 
for integrated textile players like us, is about 18% to 22%%. So, this is 
the normal margin levels. So, whatever happened in last calendar year 
or last financial year was an aberration, you can say and whatever is 
happening today is also an aberration.  
 
Abhineet  Anand: 
Yes. So, basically depending upon your product mix, let’s 70% is yarn 
and 30% fabric, your margin will be anywhere between the two 
numbers that you told, right? Is it fair to assume that? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes.  
 
Abhineet  Anand: 
Okay. Secondly, is there a conversion ratio of ICE cotton to the Indian 
cotton because a lot of people have been emphasizing that ICE was at 
USD1.50 fallen to USD0.95. India prices from INR1 lakh is only down 
to INR85,000. So, that's like comparing the peak to down, but I am 
saying just on an average, if we have to convert those numbers to 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Indian, is there any number to that, so, that one can understand from an 
average perspective, what happened last full year to what has happened 
to Indian prices last full year? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The average ICE prices? Like you want to know the average ICE 
prices? 
 
Abhineet  Anand: 
Average ICE prices I can probably have it from Bloomberg but what 
I'm saying is, that if you have to convert the ICE price to the Indian 
cotton price ideally and in that case, what could that be? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Quite simple. ICE prices are on per pound basis. So, easily you can 
convert this into per kg by 2.2046 multiplying it. That is simple. And 
then this is an U.S. cents, so, you can convert this into Indian Rupees 
by multiplying it by the Indian currency factor. So, there you get the 
per kg price of the cotton which is being quoted and these are 
normally, these ICE prices are ex particular destination. Today ICE is 
basically, although, it is called the Intercontinental Exchange, but this 
is basically giving the spot prices of U.S. and then you add up the 
freight and other costs to a destination or depending also the quality of 
the cotton there. So, basically you can just convert this into Indian 
rupees and you will see the exact cost coming out and then you can 
compare Indian Shankar 6 prices, which is also available very easily 
for you. So, you can compare both of them.  
 
Abhineet Anand: 
So, just what you said and what I understood is multiply those prices 
which is whatever cent it is, let's say USD0.95 or USD1 by 2.2 nd then 
that is in U.S. dollars and then you have to convert it into INR, right? 
That gives you rate in terms of…? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes.  
 
Abhineet Anand: 
Okay. And thirdly sir, you talked about buying cotton at INR90,000 
and selling yarn at INR78,000. So, this INR350 per kg to INR360 per 
kg of yarn here, that corresponds to around INR70,000, INR,80,000 of 
cotton? Is it fair to assume that? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
This is around --- means basically, lower the cotton price better for us. 
So, that is not, but normalized margins are at this level are basically the 
prices at which today yarn is being sold, if you come back, if you want 
spinner to have normal margin then it would be fair to assume that the 
raw cotton price would be in the range of INR73,000, INR74,000 --- 
INR73,000 to INR75,000. 
 
 Abhineet Anand: 
Okay. So, around that INR73,000, INR74,000, you will make a 
normalized margin, at these yarn prices? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Yes. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shradha from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Yes. Hi. What was the cotton yarn spread that we had in q1? Ad at the 
prevailing prices, what are the spreads? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, in the Q1, the spread is in the range of about INR90 a kg. It 
was very volatile in the month of April. It was very normal in the 
month of May. It was very volatile, and in June it became too low. At 
this point of time, if you say, it depends on the cost of cotton which we 
consider. So, it will vary for each spinner at this point of time.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Assuming the cost of cotton is INR83,000 a candy, then what is the 
spread that you would be making?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
On INR83,000 a candy the delta would be about INR55 a kg or INR60 
a kg.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Okay. Sure. At these spreads, what is the margin that we can expect for 
the industry? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
 At INR50. At this level, I think it will be in single digit margin.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vikas Rajpal from Reliance PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vikas Rajpal: 
The first question is on the current situation of cotton prices, the 
disparity between the global prices versus the Indian prices. I 
understand that is like a one-off situation, but, sir, if the situation arises 
again in the future, how do we plan to mitigate the situation?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, this is a situation which is not happened in past and this 
was first time that we are seeing that on one side there is no raw 
materials. Raw material is scarce. There is no raw material available. 
And on the other side, we are seeing that the finished goods does not 
have demand. Normally, this does not happen.  
 
Now, we have been able to mitigate this, at this point also, that we 
have not been able we are not carrying huge inventory, due to which 
we are not incurring any inventory major inventory losses. I would say 
the only thing which we are losing at this point of time is that we are 
not able to produce to what our normal capacity levels and 
accordingly, incurring overhead and reducing our margin. So, that is 
the only challenge which we have.  
 
Now, how do we mitigate in future is something which will be depend 
on the situations at that point of time. Today the major problem, in the 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
normal circumstances, imports could have been opened up in 
reasonable time. India could have imported a lot of cotton and 
accordingly taken care of all the shortages, which has happened in 
India, and also the prices of let's say, raw material would have been in 
parity with the international prices, because Indian cotton was far, far 
expensive than the international cotton.  
 
So, this situation would have not come, I hope that our policymakers 
understand this and keep the imported cotton freely available as they 
have a very good support mechanism in terms of minimum support 
price already in cotton, for the farmer. So, similarly, for the textile 
mills, they should keep these imports open and should have a fair 
balance of raw cotton. This was the available with us, this facility was 
available for us for last 2011 to 2021. Only for one year the facility 
was not available, and we hit at the wrong time.  
 
Vikas Rajpal: 
Sir, my concern here is that, if such a situation arises in the future, 
because by FY24, I think all of our capacity will come on board. So, 
you know, if the at that time the situation arises, what will happen is 
that, you know, again, will have to cut production and then we'll be 
sitting on huge capacity, which will be underutilized, which will result 
in fixed overhead. So, that is why I was asking. 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, well one more thing, which is being done by most of the 
industry players, as well as by us, that we are now, whatever capacities 
are coming up, we are trying to make it more flexible to be used for 
synthetic fibers as well. So, we are able to use manmade fibers also . 
So, the capacity which we had installed in our earlier years till 2014-
’15 are not having that facility where we can use them for cotton as 
well as synthetic at a similar point of time.  
 
Now, the most of the capacities are being designed in a manner where 
both have kind of fibers to be used. And I think the shift towards 
synthetic will happen more, that will help us mitigate this effect in 
effective manner. Secondly, already there is a program which has been 
taken up by various industry associations, as well as by Government of 
India to increase the yield of the cotton which is being produced in 
India. That we have reached a level where we are already --- if you see 
the total production of cotton and total consumption of cotton in India, 
it has still not surpassed. India has been producing about 3 lakh bales. 
Now, our consumption is also in the similar level. Only the exports 
which has happened is actually damaged the whole thing. I hope 
government will also take cognizance of this and take care, but from 
the industry side also, now the production is going to be increased 
substantially. The planned program has already been taken. We do not 
expect the situation to come back again even two, three, four years 
down the line because synthetic capacity is also growing, so that fibers 
will be available as such for spinning.  

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pushkar Jain from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Pushkar Jain: 
My question was regarding the yarn spread as you mentioned it was 
INR90 per kg. Earlier we used to see your level of INR300 per kg to 
INR350 per kg. What do you think is the normalized level of spreads 
that we will have for 18% margin that we talked about? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Normally, as I told you, with 15% to 18% means, around 15%, 16%, 
the margins are the different. It depends on the cost of the mill. It 
should be in the range of INR90 to INR100. 
 
Pushkar Jain: 
The yarn spread? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, yarn spread. 
 
Pushkar Jain: 
The normalized yarn spread? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, normalized yarn spread. And this was INR90 to INR100 was 
available to us in the past year, which is the from 2015. 2014-’15 to 
2017-‘18 also, we had this kind of margins.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Monish Ghodke from HDFC 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, over long-term, do we have any plans to enter into garmenting? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Long-term is a word which needs to be looked into. But I would say at 
this moment, we are not having any plans. Going forward I would not 
like to comment as such, at the moment. 
 
Monish Ghodke: 
But we cannot rule it out, right?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Of course, you can say that. We are in textiles and garment is one of 
the second last chain. After this, there is only retail left. So, you cannot 
rule this out. We are into this business and we have grown this 
horizontally and vertically, both integrated ourselves from the yarn to 
others. So, we should never rule that out.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, one more thing. Fabric generally provides higher 
margin than yarn you know, and we also get even forward integration. 
So, it also reduces volatility in our margins. So, and currently, I believe 
we are consuming 25% to 30% yarn internally. So, you know instead 
of expanding more into fabric, why are we putting more yarn capacity? 
Like what is the rationale? 
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 Dinesh Nolkha: 
This is a very nice question. Means, ideally, I would like to definitely 
expand the capacity towards the value-added. Definitely that is the 
very ideal situation where we can expand the capacity, but there is a 
limitation to the various segments in which you're operating. So, you 
cannot grow exponentially your fabric business from x to 2x to 3x. It 
takes a bit more time because it is more related with the fashion. So, 
you have to establish your products, various products in that business. 
 
Whereas, in the Woven Fabric business, we are just nearly 2.5 years 
old. We started our first operation in early 2020. And within that short 
span where we had COVID, as well as various issues, we were able to 
establish our product and then we are now looking, we are already 
adding some capacity in this expansion. And then going forward, we 
have all the infrastructure available with us to grow ourselves into this 
segment particularly. So, this part is already in the pipeline, that we 
will continue to grow our capacity and we aim that we should have 
much more share of the finished fabrics in our whole overall revenue 
share.  
 
As far as Spinning is concerned, we feel that we have a very good cost 
structure available with us. We have the technical capabilities there 
with us and we can produce with a very, very reasonable, at a very 
reasonable cost. That is also testimony, my this confidence is further 
strengthened that even in these troubled times we are not going under 
the water and we are trying to operate in a very reasonable manner. So 
that is one of the strengths which we have and that we do not want to 
lose. We want to continue to have a strength in the yarn business. That 
is the reason why we are trying to expand in the yarn also.  
 
Here also, we are not trying to expand only in one particular count or 
the average counts like commodity counts which we have, but here 
also we have a wide variety of products which we are adding to our 
portfolio. So, that will help us in also diversifying our existing risk 
cycle. It is not a commodity-based product which we are going to get 
in going forward in the yarn as such.  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. So, sir, in quarter one you said that INR90 was the spread. So, 
this you are talking about the industry spread, right? So, our spread 
could have been higher than this, right? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I'm talking about our spread. Industry spread could have been lower 
even than this or near to this. Depends on what cotton cost…actually, 
in this particular quarter, the spread, you cannot say, for particular 
player or a party because it depends too much on what kind of cotton 
cost, what was your cotton cost?  
 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. Okay. No sir, because, I mean, in Q1, the cotton prices were 
higher than Q4 and we must have bought the cotton 30, 40 days earlier. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
So, although you said there was no inventory gain, but we could have 
benefited just because we bought when cotton prices were lower, and 
eventually the prices went up, right?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Actually, you see at the end of March itself, the cotton prices were 
around INR90,000, INR95,000 a candy. Already they touched 
INR90,000 a candy, and it peaked at about INR105,000, INR106,000 
in the middle of May. So, if you see the average cotton prices during 
the whole quarter, they were all averaged out. We also bought at that 
level. We bought less, that's all. That is why we are not having any 
inventories now. Otherwise, if you would have continued to buy at the 
same pace, the issue could have been more difficult at this point of 
time. We tried to follow a policy which we have been following for 
last 8 years, 10 years, that we buy only what we are able to sell out. So 
that is one of the reasons why we are not having too much of 
inventory.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Marshal, an investor. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Marshal: 
Yes. It was mentioned that in the earlier question, that currently the 
capitalization is 70% or something and we will be hardly breakeven 
this quarter. So, if you can just explain again that what is the current 
capacity utilization for the Spinning and for Fabric and for Knitted and 
Woven, please.  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Our Spinning capacity is operating at about 70%. They're down by 
30%. Our Weaving and Processing capacity is operating at about 90%. 
So, that is a normal, what we have been already operating in past 
quarters as well. And our Knitting capacity is operating at 50% 
capacity level. Normally, it operates at about 75% to 80%.  
 
Marshal: 
So, 50% last time.  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. I'm talking about the current. 
 
Marshal: 
Yes. You are right, sir. And sir, when you mentioned that like in 
second quarter it will be hardly breakeven. So, this was in context of 
the all three segments or only for Spinning? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Majorly for Spinning.  
 
Marshal: 
Spinning. Okay. And sir, like when this new capacity is going to come 
on board? Will it get added in phases or will it come altogether in one 
shot? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
No, no. This is going to come in phases. Basically, we are expecting 
our Knitting and Weaving capacities, value-added capacities to come 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
within this financial year. Spinning capacity will be added in Q1 and 
Q2 of the next financial year.  
 
Marshal: 
But sir, if this market is so like up and down, volatile, whether this use 
of CapEx is justified now?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Sir, we have been seeing this kind of volatility in this business. So, it is 
not something that we are not accustomed to volatility. Yes, this time it 
has been too much. I agree with you, but you cannot stop your 
businesses or stop to grow. We have been, if you see our history, in 
last 20 year, we have grown with a CAGR of about 18% to 19% 
consistently. We continue to invest in new technologies, try to see 
wherever there are new opportunities coming in. So, we continue to do 
that. And still, we have belief in textile sector. Textile sector has not 
gone out or it is not something that it is volatile, this will go out. We 
foresee that there are a lot of opportunities which is there.  
 
Today, we are seeing basically China Plus One strategy playing out 
properly. It has definitely changed the business dynamics and demand 
shifting to Bangladesh, Vietnam, Pakistan and Sri Lanka from China. 
We are seeing a lot of changes happening in the product profile. 
Within our own country also we are seeing a lot of new capacities in 
the downstream channel coming in. So, demand of yarn is not going to 
go out. Yes, this particular situation has come up where there has been 
too much of volatility on the raw material side. So, we'll have to 
weather that down.  
 
Marshal: 
So, I'm sure that regarding this volatility like cotton textile industry has 
taken suitable presentation to the government, so that in the next cotton 
season, if the same thing happens, then the government should allow 
the import of cotton. Has it been done or not, sir.  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, of course, this has been done. Rather, we have taken up many 
measures in this particular segment. Government is already been 
informed, is very well informed about the situation. They're also 
working very, very effectively on the increasing the production, as well 
as yield of cotton. So that we have sufficient availability. They foresee 
that if India has to go to USD100 billion of exports, and having 
strength in cotton textile, they need to grow more cotton. Secondly, 
import of cotton, we have already highlighted, that it should be freely 
available, and they have definitely promised that they will continue to 
look at this in a very consistent manner without harming the interest of 
the farmer. So, we foresee that this kind of challenges which has 
happened in past could be mitigated and it doesn’t recur.  
 
Marshal: 
Yes. Yes. So, sir, this new capability which we're building up. So, in 
that capacity, can you also produce manmade fiber or not?  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, of course. As I explained in the earlier question, that we are trying 
to do the new capacity in a manner that we are able to run the 
manmade fiber as well in the latest capacity which we are putting up. 
In our earlier capacities, those capacities which were installed pre-
2014, we cannot run manmade. We have to invest a lot, if you have to 
run the manmade fiber on those mills. Otherwise, they are capable in 
our new capacities to run the manmade fiber as well.  
 
Moderator: 
Next question is in the line of Zain Banihali from Odyssey Capital 
Management. Please go ahead.  
 
Zain Banihali: 
Hi, sir. Most of the questions have already been answered. My 
question is on two fronts. One is, can you please tell us what 
percentage of the revenue comes from top five customers?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I think the total revenue from top five customers could not be more 
than about 15%, 16%.  
 
Zain Banihali: 
Okay, sir. That's good. This China Plus One thing that's going on, so 
who's going to benefit more from it, the manmade fiber industry or the 
yarn particularly? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Like in the yarns also we have manmade, as well as in the cotton. But 
here the whatever is getting shifted out of China, because a lot of 
restrictions has come in on the cotton production of the China. If you 
see, what has happened is they've banned the Xinjiang cotton to be 
used in Europe and U.S.by most of the brands. So, a law has also been 
passed this year about this. So, we expect that cotton industry should 
benefit more out of this. Already, as far as synthetics is concerned, 
they are getting advantage because of lack of shortage of cotton. This 
shift will be again, since the capacities will align themselves, the 
capacities will again shift back to cotton when the demand is normal.  
 
As far as India getting benefitted, we have to actually increase our 
capacities in the downstream channel. For the spinning business, we 
are very well geared up and the capacities are also coming in the right 
direction. But downstream channel has to increase the capacity 
substantially especially the garments, that needs to be built up so that 
we are able to sell the finished product. As more and more finished 
product is sold out of our country, more benefit comes to us. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I just had a follow up question on the comment made just 
sometime back, that the cost of investment by including MMF based 
production will increase if we are setting up a capacity in spinning for 
cotton plus MMF versus only cotton. I just wanted to understand the 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
difference between the two? The cost difference between the two types 
of investments?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
No, no, no. I think you misunderstood my answer. I have informed that 
our capacities which were installed pre-2014 are not suitable to run the 
synthetic fiber. If we have to run synthetic fiber on them, we have to 
make a lot of investments. Post that, what we have done is, the new 
equipment which is coming in, are now suitable to run both the kinds 
of fibers. This is, when we do initial investment, we can just with a 
very small number, with a very small amount of money that we are 
able to run basically synthetic fiber.  
 
Here also, I would like to highlight that cotton spinning is more 
expensive, because you have more numbers of machines. You have 
combers and you have other equipment also running which remain 
stopped when you run synthetic fibers most of the time. So, actually if 
you see the cost of a spinning mill on the cotton side is higher than the 
cost of a synthetic spinning mill. The only thing is you have to gear up 
your equipment according to the needs. So, that we have both the 
things could run together. Whenever need arises, we can run both the 
kind of fibers. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, you can run 100% new capacity on MMF also now? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Not 100%, means basically we have to blend some cotton in it. We 
will have to blend some cotton. We will not be able to run 100% 
manmade.… 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Then it will be blended versus blended… 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, of course.. We can run blended, of course. We can run nearly all 
capacity in blended.  
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Swapnil, as an independent 
investor.  
 
Swapnil: 
Actually, again, most of my questions are answered but just one follow 
up question on that the current quarter breakeven point that was 
discussed just now. So sorry, I missed the initial part of that. And so, 
with the current capacity that you mentioned sir, the 70% of the yarn 
capacity and the 80% or 60% of the Knitted fabric etc., that is for the 
current quarter Q2, is it? Or you're talking about Q1? So the breakeven 
or just the breakeven that we are going to achieve, is it for the last 
quarter that we're talking about or the current quarter?  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I'm talking about the current quarter, running quarter, July to 
September.  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Swapnil: 
So, for the last quarter we should expect only breakeven? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. In the last quarter, if you see that we have run, our production was 
down just 5% and really on account of some power outages which 
happened in Rajasthan and some ghost accounts which we had to stop 
otherwise more or less complete production had come in.  
 
Swapnil: 
Okay. So, so far, basically for the current Q2 quarter, we should expect 
only the breakeven with this issue currently? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Still, we have time to go on that. So, I would not like to give any 
guidance on that.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be our last question for 
today. I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Awanish 
Chandra for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Awanish Chandra: Congratulations Dinesh sir and Maheshwariji on this decent 
performance in a tough environment. Since we are completely out of 
time, sir, very quickly quarter two everybody knows that we are facing 
the challenging time. But considering quarter three, we will have a 
festival season and we have indication of cotton prices going down at 
least on the future side. And we have positive news on cotton crop as 
well. So, can we expect in quarter three onward, we will have again at 
least hitting the performance of quarter one.  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Quarter three would be very --- still too early to predict quarter three, 
because quarter Three, when we when the crop comes in, what is the 
kind of situation of the Indian spinning mills and how the demand is 
there. So, these two, three issues will be there. But definitely we expect 
Q4 to be very normal. That should be a very, very normal quarter. In 
Q3, we have to still see the timing. That depends a lot on when the rain 
are coming up. If we receive rain at the late end of the season, that 
delays the cotton crop, arrival of the quantity which is coming in. So, 
there are many issues involved in this. So, we expect the quarter three 
to still fluid. But definitely, we expect it should normalize in Q4.  
 
Awanish Chandra: Okay, sir. Thank you very much Dinesh sir and Maheshwari sir for 
spending your valuable time and providing us this opportunity to host 
the call. Sir, any final comments before closing? 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I'd like to thank everyone for joining in the call. I hope we have been 
able to address most of the queries. For any other information, further 
information, you can get in touch with our finance team, as well as our 
Investor Relations advisors. And thanks again once again for taking the 
time out and joining us on the call.  
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SMIFS 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
 
 
