 
 
 
August 13, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BOMBAY STOCK EXCHANGE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Re.: 
Transcript of earnings call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Q1 FY 2022-23 earning call held on August 10, 2022. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
DHAVAL N. SONI  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl.: As above 

 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY 23  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
             MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 

 
2 
 
Moderator:  
Welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Ltd. Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call. Please note, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ganesh Nayak – Executive 
Director of Zydus Lifesciences Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Ganesh Nayak: Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post results 
teleconference for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. For today’s call 
we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel – Managing Director, Mr. Nitin 
Parekh – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra – Sr. Vice 
President, Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg – Sr. Vice President 
from the Managing Director’s office. I hope you would have gone 
through the quarterly results, investor presentation and the press 
release which are available on our website and also filed with the 
stock exchanges. First of all, let me quickly run you through the Q1 
FY23 consolidated financial performance.  
We registered revenues of Rs. 40.7 billion, up 2% year on year. 
Excluding COVID related revenues, the growth was 11% on a year on 
year basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 8.33 billion down 14% 
year on year. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 20.5%. Net 
Profit for the quarter was Rs. 5.18 billion down 12% year on year. We 
remain vigilant on managing our costs well and improving 
efficiencies across the value chain to meet our aspirations of 
achieving 20% plus EBITDA margin for FY23 as we aim to grow across 
all our key businesses.  
Before I dwell into the operational highlights, I would like to draw 
your attention to key points related to our two key geographies, viz. 
India and the US. Our India geography which comprises of the 
Formulations and the consumer wellness businesses, now accounts 
for 46% of the total revenues and grew 12% year on year adjusted 
for COVID related revenues in the formulations business last year. 
Our US formulations business which accounted for 40% of the total 
revenues grew in double-digit on a sequential basis aided by volume 
expansion in existing products and new launches.  
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the first 
quarter of FY23 for each of our business lines.  
Starting with our formulations business in India geography, the 
branded business grew by 9% year on year, excluding revenues from 
COVID related products, generics portfolio and divested products. 
Overall, the business recorded revenues of Rs. 11.3 billion, down 
17% year on year on a high base. Secondary sales growth remained 
robust for the period signifying healthy demand trend. We gained 

 
3 
 
market share and improved ranking in our core therapies in the 
cardiovascular, gynaecology, respiratory and pain management 
therapeutic areas during the quarter on a YoY basis. Lipaglyn is now 
ranked as the 66th largest brand in the Indian Pharmaceutical Market 
during Q1 FY23, improving by 13 positions versus Q4 FY22. Lipaglyn 
is our first indigenous New Chemical Entity launched in the market. 
We continue to retain our leadership position in the Nephrology 
segment while in Oncology, we gained multiple ranks and are now 
amongst the top two players in India. Our Consumer Wellness 
business recorded revenues of Rs. 6.9 billion, up 18% year on year. 
Timely onset of summer and improved distribution reach helped us 
re-recruit the consumers for summer heavy brands like Glucon-D and 
Nycil. This helped us achieve double-digit growth in these two 
marquee brands.  
Now, let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business. We recorded revenues of Rs. 15.6 billion with 
10% growth on a sequential basis. Price erosion during the quarter 
was almost entirely neutralized by volume share gains in the base 
portfolio and launch of new products. We received 7 new product 
approvals (including 1 tentative approval) and launched 8 new 
products during the quarter. Approvals for the quarter include one 
1st cycle approval. We filed 8 ANDAs during the quarter including 3 
filings which are designated as CGT which is Competitive Generic 
Therapies. On the emerging markets front, the business maintained 
its growth momentum and recorded double-digit growth. Overall, 
the business posted revenues of Rs. 3.2 billion, up 14% year on year. 
The growth was broad-based across most of the geographies. The 
USFDA inspected our Moraiya Formulations facility between 26th of 
July to 5th of August, 2022, which concluded with four Form 483 
observations. None of the observations were related to data 
integrity. The company will submit its response to the regulator 
within the stipulated time. We have put up a new oral solid dosage 
facility in the Ahmedabad SEZ (SEZ 2) to cater to the requirements of 
the US market. During the quarter, we successfully completed the 
qualification and took the first exhibit batch from the facility.  
Now, this concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
and initiatives in our innovation program.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you Mr. Nayak. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. It is a 
pleasure to have you all on the call today. As we continue to evolve as 
an innovation driven life sciences company, our focus remains on 
building businesses with sustainable growth on a long-term basis. We 
continue to invest resources organically and inorganically in this 

 
4 
 
pursuit and endeavour to enhance shareholder value in the process. 
Let me share with you the strategic direction for two of our large 
businesses which is India geography and the US geography. As 
mentioned earlier, our branded formulations business in India grew by 
9% year on year. In the near term, the aim is to grow in line with the 
market. In the medium to long-term we intend to outperform the 
industry growth sustainably. This will be achieved by expanding our 
presence in chronic therapies, introducing new molecules in focus 
therapies, expanding the presence in institutional segment and 
leveraging our innovation pipeline including the IP protected novel 
molecules and biosimilars. We will leverage digital technologies to 
improve our decision-making and to optimally utilize our resources to 
expand reach and availability, thereby improving the health outcomes 
for our patients.  
The Consumer Wellness business regained its growth momentum 
driven by strong traction seen in its marquee brands. We aim to 
consolidate our position and sustain the momentum by expanding the 
distribution network, launch of new variants to meet consumer 
preferences and in turn, emerge as a formidable consumer wellness 
company.  
The US formulations business witnessed healthy rebound highlighting 
our strength in execution. We look forward to commercialisation of 
our differentiated pipeline, supported by our business development 
efforts. Our specialty portfolio is likely to scale up over the medium to 
long term, and we want it to become a niche and a sustainable growth 
pillar.  
Our philosophy to invest in people to build the businesses has 
received external validation as well. We received two noteworthy 
recognitions recently. The first being the Most Preferred Workplaces 
by Marksmen in association with Economic Times and India Today, 
and the second being amongst the Best Workplaces in the Biotech and 
Pharmaceutical Industry 2022 by The Great Place to Work.  
With this, let me talk to you about the material developments on the 
innovation front.  
On the NCE research front, as you are aware, our phase 2B/ phase 3 
global clinical trials of Saroglitazar Magnesium to evaluate its efficacy 
and safety in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis, which is PBC, 
and phase 2B global clinical trials of the molecule for NASH/ fibrosis 
indications are currently going on for the US market. During the 
quarter, we completed the hepatic impairment studies in NASH and 
normal PBC patients, the results of which will be submitted in the near 
term. Clinical trials of Saroglitazar Magnesium in the US are ongoing 

 
5 
 
for indications of PCOS and NAFLD also. We completed the phase 1B 
trial of Desidustat in the United States for Chemotherapy Induced 
Anaemia (CIA) in cancer patients. The pre-IND meeting with the 
USFDA is scheduled in the current quarter to seek further guidance. 
During the quarter, we completed recruitment of patients for our 
phase 2 clinical trials of ZYIL 1. The molecule is targeted at Cryopyrin 
Associated Periodic Syndrome which is CAPS, a rare indication. We are 
planning to initiate global pivotal clinical trial for this molecule in the 
near term. This marks our third NCE in our global development.  
In the Biotech space, we received marketing approval for the drug 
substance of biosimilar of Adalimumab from the Russian regulatory 
authority. We continue to file new products in many of our emerging 
markets and enter new markets through partnerships to ensure long 
term sustainable growth for this business.  
On the Speciality front, our wholly own subsidiary Sentynl 
Therapeutics Inc. commenced commercial supply of Nulibry during the 
quarter. Recently, Nulibry received positive opinion from the 
Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, the CHMP, for 
Nulibry for the treatment of patients with Molybdenum Cofactor 
Deficiency (MoCD) type A. The brand also received Industry 
Innovation Award, 2022 from the National Organization for Rare 
Disorders in the US. Sentynl continues to run various programs to 
expand awareness and early diagnosis of the Molybdenum Cofactor 
Deficiency (MoCD) type A and Menkes disease, both of which are life 
threatening paediatric genetic disorders.  
Thank you and now we will start with the Q&A session. Over to the 
coordinator for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question & Answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your hand 
from the participant’s tab on your screen. Participants are requested 
to use headphones or earphones while asking the question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. First question is from Neha. Neha, please unmute yourself. 
Neha: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the US 
business. We saw a very strong growth quarter on quarter. I know, in 
the opening remarks you mentioned volumes, new launches. If you 
could give us little more colour on what we are seeing in Asacol and in 
terms of volume expansion? Are there any one-off product supplies 
that we have seen or is this a sustainable base that we should grow 
on? 

 
6 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we don’t have any one-offs in these overall numbers. We did see a 
sequential growth on the business because we continued to gain 
volume share on the base portfolio, and also the new launches 
helped. So, despite the pricing pressure that do continue in the US, 
because of base volume growth and new product introductions, we 
were able to deliver on this growth. And, going forward, I think we 
currently have a sustainable base which we hope to grow forward.  
Neha: 
And, is it fair to assume that the Asacol pressure that we were seeing 
through last year, that is stabilised now?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so there was no pressure on Asacol, it was just an inventory. The 
inventories would have been high during COVID which would have 
normalised. But, Asacol has been steady in terms of its share.  
Neha: 
Understood. My second question is on the cost. If I were to look at 
our employee cost or even SG&A ex. R&D, there seems to be a fair bit 
of increase quarter on quarter, not so much on the SG&A but more on 
the employee cost. I’m assuming there’s some amount of increments 
here or is this the base that we should be looking at? And on SG&A, 
has our SG&A spend, sales & promotions spend in India fully 
normalised? 
Nitin Parekh: 
On employee cost Neha, QoQ may not make a lot of sense, possibly 
year on year makes sense. That’s because in April,. we gave the 
increments and incentives, including one-time performance rewards. 
So, about 8% impact is on account of increments and performance 
bonuses only, and about 2.5% impact is because in the last quarter i.e. 
Q4 of FY22, we had actuarial gain because on a yearly basis that 
exercise is done, even twice a year also. In September again, it will be 
done. So, that’s the reason about 2.2% changed occurred because of 
that and 1.5% is due to new recruitments also.  
Neha: 
Understood. And, these new recruitments would be in India sir? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yeah across, but largely in India.  
Neha: 
Got it. And my last question is on the India business. I know there was 
COVID base, but our decline seems to be higher than some of what 
our peers have reported. In the ex-COVID base, are we seeing 
improved tractions from the initiatives that we have taken in India? If 
you could give some colour there? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, for us, as we have also stated, last year corresponding 
quarter we had significant sale of COVID related portfolio, which 
obviously was largely driven by Remdesivir. But without that, we have 
had a 9% year on year growth. And, if you look at the latest AWACS 
data for July and all, we are tracking better than the market. So, I 

 
7 
 
think we are on track to grow as per the market in terms of our 
current efforts. And, the key drivers from whatever work we have 
done in terms of our earlier initiatives continues, and we are seeing 
some traction there. But, as we go forward, our efforts on 
institutional business, our efforts on the choric segments that we 
want to leverage and more importantly, our strong IP protected 
business that we are trying to create, all will drive sustainable growth 
for the domestic business for us.  
Neha: 
Got it, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Surya I’m sorry, your voice is not clear.  
Surya Patra: 
Is it audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yeah, you can go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
On the gross margin front, I just wanted to understand, what has led 
to sequential 3% kind of decrease? Is it while the domestic branded 
business has performed well, is it that the volume?  
Arvind Bothra: 
Mr. Surya, your voice is not clear, we are not able to get that. Can you 
try to get back on the line? There’s some disturbance in the line that 
we’re not able to hear properly.  
Moderator: 
I think he has disconnected. The next question is from Prakash 
Agarwal.  
Prakash Agarwal: Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: Thanks for the opportunity. I just missed one comment on the US 
business. There is a sequential improvement. Is it that the volume has 
improved or we have had some good launches? If you could elaborate 
on that, that’s my first question.  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the growth in the US is both we had a base business volume 
growth and a new product growth also. So, it’s a combined effort. 
Prakash Agarwal: But, is there anything you would want to call out in terms of any new 
product which would have contributed? That’s because, most of the 
other companies have reported a sequential decline with double-digit 
erosion in the base business. So, did we experience that? And if not, 
what is our base business erosion and what are the key new launches 
we had which contributed? 

 
8 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, ex. Mesalamine, we saw an overall growth of 8% quarter on 
quarter on our US revenue, and this was mainly driven by volume 
growth. There was a price erosion of the impact of 2.5% which was 
offset by new launches.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, fair enough. And, how do you see the remaining 9 months for 
us on the US side? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, our current best estimate we believe is that our base business is 
currently on track and we believe we can grow from that. This is the 
current base that we have, and we’ll improve on the run rate as we 
continue forward in the coming quarters. And, we do have some 
important launches that are also phased in 1 or 2 quarters.  
Prakash Agarwal: My second question is on the complex injectables. In the past, we 
have spoken that in the 2nd half of fiscal 2023-24 we should start 
seeing this. What is the update on that? How many filings we have 
and when do we start seeing the monetisation? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think when I’m talking about the US business, which we believe can 
continue to grow, it is also backed by our launches on the injectable 
side. In terms of very large complex injectables, the process of 
approvals and launch will obviously be much later on. But, with the 
current portfolio, we are seeing still good traction in terms of growth.  
Prakash Agarwal: Sharvil, the question was on complex injectables. Are we still under 
development and due for filing by the end of this year? What is the 
update there?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, we continue to file complex injectables every year. We have a 
pipeline of at least another 5-6 molecules which are highly complex, 
which we still hope to file. But, we are filing 1-2 complex injectables 
every year.  
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, fair enough. And lastly on the margin front, I understand there 
has been inflation, I understand freight, etc is very high. Is there any 
outlook you’re sharing on the margins? The adjusted margins are 
18.5%.  
Nitin Parekh: 
We already talked about 20% plus margin for the year.  
Sharvil Patel: 
I think last time I’d given an idea that we believe that we would be 
20% plus margins. We hope to sustain these margins for FY23 by 
optimising all our efforts that we’re doing. Also, between quarter on 
quarter, it’s a question of business mix that happens. But, we are still 
confident that our 20% plus EBITDA margins we should be able to 
deliver for FY23.  

 
9 
 
Prakash Agarwal: And this is core margins. Like to like today is 20.5% or 18.5%? 
Sharvil Patel: 
20.5%. 
Prakash Agarwal: So, this is reported margins? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay great. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kashish Thakur. Kashish, please 
unmute yourself.  
Bino: 
Hi, can you hear me? This is Bino. 
Moderator: 
Okay Binu, yeah you can go ahead. 
Bino: 
Just an update on a couple of questions, couple of products in the US. 
Any further update on Revlimid launch? You already have a tentative 
approval. Are you looking to launch in the coming quarter?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, we are looking forward. 
Bino: 
Okay thanks. And second, I believe you have a settlement launch 
generic Trokendi in coming January. Is that correct? Are you looking 
forward to launching that? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think every product when we come closer to that, we will talk 
about those launches because I think it will be little too early and I 
think it’s not good to talk about them right now.  
Bino: 
Great, no issues. You’ve got a final approval for Jardiance I guess a 
couple of weeks back or a week back. Would you confirm if you have 
a ‘first to file’ exclusivity in that? Is it shared? What is the outlook 
there? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I don’t have the immediate update, but I can get back to you as to 
whether we have any exclusivity or not on that.  
Bino: 
Okay, great. One final question, if I can add. In Moraiya facility, in the 
other facility you’ve got an approval. Although you had some 483 
observations without a reinspection. Would you be able to, do you 
think you would get an approval for Moraiya without a reinspection 
despite these 3-4 observations that you have got now?  
Sharvil Patel: 
I think, linking observations to a reaudit is not the right thing. I think, 
when we had our observations that were there for Liva, that were 
addressed in an appropriate manner in a stipulated time, and the 
facility was found to be acceptable and we continue to get our 
approvals. Moraiya, we will respond within the stipulated time that 

 
10 
 
we have with the agency and work with the agency for whatever will 
be the next steps. But, I think, to link observations to reaudit is not 
the right way to look at it.  
Bino: 
Okay, got it. Perfect! Thank you. I’ll join back in queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishal Manchanda.  
Vishal M: 
Thanks for the opportunity. On your Adalimumab biosimilar approval 
in Russia, could you share what’s the market size there and give some 
colour on the competition?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are the first. On the competition front, I think we’ll be first or 
second generic in that market. So, there would be one more generic, 
maybe. And, in terms of size, I don’t have it with me, so maybe we can 
give that to you once we find out, because we don’t have all that 
data, but we’ll come back to you with what is the market opportunity 
size for Adalimumab. 
Vishal M: 
Okay. Would this be a tender opportunity or would you need to 
promote it and hence you would need a partner in Russia? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, it would be sort of a tender opportunity.  
Vishal M: 
Okay. And, do you think it’s going to be meaningful? 
Sharvil Patel: 
From our emerging markets business point of view, yes.  
Vishal M: 
And, any other geographies where you would be expecting biosimilar 
approvals on the emerging market front? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think our next big market opportunity we’re looking at is for the 
Latin American markets where we believe the opportunities could be 
sizeable, and there we are also expecting 2-3 approvals.  
Vishal M: 
Is Brazil one of them or would you look at Mexico, Columbia and 
other markets.  
Sharvil Patel: 
On the immediate basis, Mexico, Columbia and Venezuela markets.  
Vishal M: 
Okay. And one on Lipaglyn, is the growth on Lipaglyn primarily on 
account of the liver indication approval that you got last year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think that has aided to the growth. We have two indications, but 
yeah, the NAFLD indication will be the strong growth driver going 
forward. 
Vishal M: 
And there is still large headroom there in that indication? 

 
11 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes yes, it’s a very large 4,000-5,000 crore plus market, so it’s a good 
opportunity.  
Vishal M: 
Okay. And, any colour you would like to share on Desidustat launch in 
India that has happened. 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the launch has already happened and we are tracking. For these 
types of products, we are tracking prescription and patients to make 
sure that we are able to provide the treatment options that they 
desire and follow through with them. So, the initial beginning is good, 
but it’s still very early days. But, the interest from the medical 
community is very good because this is a replacement of an injectable 
product which can tremendously benefit in terms of both patients on 
dialysis or not on dialysis.  
Vishal M: 
Would you also be able to target the iron sucrose market with this 
product Desidustat, or just the erythropoietins? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It’s mostly the erythropoietin. 
Vishal M: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sriman. Sriman, please unmute 
yourself.  
Sriman: 
Hello Dr. Sharvil, can you hear me? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Sriman: 
Dr. Sharvil, I just want to know, we had an agreement with a Korean 
company Enzychem Lifesciences. Are we getting any revenue on the 
technology that you have transferred to them?  
Sharvil Patel: 
We currently aren’t getting any revenue. We are in the phase of tech 
transfer, which then will be followed by a regulatory inspection in 
their facilities, and then potentially launch in the market that they are 
targeting.  
Sriman: 
Okay. But, initially it was told that 80 million doses will be 
manufactured somewhere in 2022. So, are we still in the process of 
transferring the technology only? 
Sharvil Patel: 
The technology transfer has happened, but it will have to go through 
a WHO approval process. So, once that happens then. So, I think on 
the immediate basis, I doubt they will be able to produce so many 
doses this year. But, once they are through with some of the other 
regulatory approvals, maybe they can. But, it’s a very fluid situation, 
but at least they are continuing with the regulatory filing.  

 
12 
 
Sriman: 
So, whatever revenue we are going to get is only based upon the 
production or irrespective of the production? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, based on the production and sale.  
Sriman: 
Okay, I see. Thank you doctor. Those are my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We request everyone, before asking the question, please 
introduce your firm name. The next question is from Sameer 
Baisiwala.  
Sameer B: 
Hi, thank you. This is Sameer from Morgan Stanley. I dialled in five 
minutes late so I might have missed it. Sharvil bhai, any thoughts on 
the potential Asacol HD competition? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think, again, it’s always difficult to predict. But as per our latest 
understanding or estimate, we believe the competition may not be 
there before Quarter 4 of this calendar year; but that would be our 
best estimate.  
Sameer B: 
Okay. And, in the context of Revlimid you said that you’re all set to 
launch next quarter. Are you referring to Q2 fiscal or Q3 fiscal?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we will be launching as and when the approval is there. So, we 
have a tentative. We are obviously waiting for our final approval. And 
then, we will launch in the next wave that it is planned for. Exact 
dates and months I can’t give you, but it is in the near term.  
Sameer B: 
Okay wonderful and Sharvil bhai you mentioned that there are some 
more high value launches in the second-half anything that you can 
share on that? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think it's difficult to give a product wise detail, but it is a combination 
of products that we want to launch which will be important for in 
terms of our new product launches other than Revlimid. 
Sameer B: 
Okay and finally, how does fiscal 24 look like for US pipeline? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we continue to file 30 to 35 + ANDAs in the US.  We believe we 
have a pipeline through which we will make 30 to 35 new launches 
every year and so we're from our current expectation point, we're still 
very buoyant about the next couple of years for US launches and we 
have also obviously factored in the incremental competition that will 
come with Asacol, but with what we have planned we hope that we'll 
be able to grow our business despite that in FY24. 
Sameer B: 
You'll grow your business despite the Asacol competition in fiscal you 
said 23? 

 
13 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Fiscal 24 and 23 also, but fiscal 24. 
Sameer B: 
Which is in the full year impact.  Okay got it yeah.  Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Devang Shah.  Devang, please 
unmute yourself. 
Devang Shah: 
Hi Sir.  good evening.  I'm from DD Enterprise, it's my private firm.  I'm 
the shareholder in the company.  Sir, my first question is the recent 
USFDA visit was there, was it a surprise visit or it was invited by the 
company? and the second one is like now the observations are there, 
so if we demark the observations within a stipulated time, so after 
then once again visit is going to be there or like they can approve and 
the Moraiya facility can get a full clean chit on the USFDA? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think from the latest updates with the US FDA most of the 
inspections that do occur now are surprised, so that's I think the 
stated way the audits had happened.  So, these are not planned 
audits, but surprise audits that happen for all plants in India and 
globally. Beyond that, I think what I had said that from our 
observations point of view, we will respond in the stipulated time 
given to us and because the site is under OAI, we believe we would 
have some discussion before that it would be very difficult for us to 
say what would be the next steps, but we do believe that we can 
respond to these observations in the stipulated time. 
Devang Shah: 
Okay and Sir the other question was like are we full on track for 
achieving the 18% or the 20% margin for the current year also? and 
the second question like in the US many other pharma companies got 
the sales or the margin pressure due to the price decrease in the US, 
so does we got impacted on that basis or not? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have stated that for FY23, we will have 20% plus margins from 
whatever we think for ourselves and in terms of US, yes there has 
been price erosion for us also, but because of volume expansion as 
well as new product launches, we have been able to still grow 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Devang Shah: 
Okay Sir, that's all from my side.  Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your hand 
from the participants tab on your screen.  Next question is from 
Naveen.  Naveen, you please unmute yourself.  Okay.  We'll go to the 
next one.  Next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
Prakash Agarwal: Hello. 

 
14 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Mr. Prakash. 
Prakash Agarwal: Yeah, can I go ahead? 
Moderator: 
Yeah. 
Prakash Agarwal: Yeah.  Just one on the presentation that you have put in talks about 
forex, so I'm just trying to understand how sitting in other operating 
income to the extent of 108 crores, could you elaborate and sorry if 
you've already done that?  I joined a bit late. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Because that refers to the sales, that on the sales, when we book the 
sales, we book at going rate on a particular date when we realize 
obviously the rate is changed, so that is a part of the sales only and 
that is why that is classified as other operating income. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and in terms of hedges, do we carry any hedges and at what 
rates? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, we have some forward contracts that we have entered into.  One 
is for the loan that we have given to own subsidiary and it was more 
in terms of trying to get the arbitrage opportunity between rupee 
interest rate and the forward cover rate, so they were more certain in 
terms of the gains otherwise we don't have any kind of forwards. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and everything is natural hedge basically, the cost and that. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and second question is for Sharvil on the R&D side with two 
large programs in the US when do we see the inflection point in terms 
of cost increasing or we will have a fine balance in terms of R&D 
budget of 7% to 8% that we are having? 
Sharvil Patel: 
For us, we expect that R&D investments to remain on an average of 
around 8% of revenue over the next three years.  There could be 
some lumpiness, but the best guidance for us would be that around 
8% of revenue over the next three years. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and lastly on the India business, I think you mentioned ex. of 
COVID sales, it's 6% and or 9% and are we over that lump now going 
into Q2? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It is 9% 
Prakash Agarwal: Domestic formulations. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  Ex. of COVID it's a 9% year-on-year growth. 

 
15 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and moving forward for this quarter, on a like to like basis, 
reported basis we see a normalized growth right? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think we would have had some sale in July, but by and large it would 
be a normalized growth. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay which we expect for the remaining nine months to be double 
digit plus mid-teens or something? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think we'll grow as per market is our best estimate right now. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay lovely.  Great.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Harit Ahmed. 
Harit Ahmed: 
Hi.  Thanks for the opportunity.  My first question is on biosimilars, 
when I look at our peers, most of them have one or two assets at least 
at various stages of development in the regulated markets while our 
focus so far seems to be on the emerging markets.  So, can you 
elaborate a bit on your thought process and the different strategies 
that we are adopting when it comes to biosimilar regulated market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so today from our point of view, our strategy we believe is 
currently we have a pipeline of 13 marketed products in India and 9 
biosimilars that are under development.  From the commercial 
standpoint, we're currently wanting to be a strong meaningful player 
in India and followed by that a good presence in some of the key 
emerging markets, which we want to build for.  For the developed 
markets, the outlay on the clinical spend and the regulatory timelines, 
including IP timelines and all are very long and for that we have 
decided that for some of these, we will be looking at a much later launch 
timelines of maybe 27-28 and beyond. So, currently our immediate focus 
is only India and emerging markets, but meaningfully we are 
developing one or two products from the global development point of 
view including developed markets, but they're far later in terms of the 
horizon. 
Harit Ahmed: 
Got it and one question on your guidance of 20% margins for FY23 
and you also talked about a generic Revlimid launch in the near term 
and you also talked about your expectation of further competition in 
Asacol HD only towards the end of the year, so with generic Revlimid 
contributing for almost half the year and looking at our 1Q margins of 
already at 20% don't you think there is upside to this guidance of 
20%? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, so if all of those things work out as planned, yes there is definitely 
an upside, but I think looking risk adjusting to whatever we believe in 
terms of the business mix and also the volatility that exist, I think we 

 
16 
 
believe that to sustain 20% plus margins is comfortable, but obviously 
there could be upsides depending on market dynamics or competition 
changes. 
Harit Ahmed: 
And last one on the segment, which you classified as alliances in your 
segmental breakup of revenues, what exactly is the nature of this 
business? who are the partners here? and which are the geographies 
to which we supply under this? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, these are long standing joint ventures or partnerships that we 
have had.  One is with Pfizer and it's a manufacturing partnership for 
some exclusive products for Pfizer to commercialize for them in the 
different markets, which has been a longstanding partnership and the 
other one is partnership with Takeda, which is for intermediates and 
APIs for their global requirements and use both for the off patent 
molecules and for their patented molecules. 
Harit Ahmed: 
So, the Takeda partnership is part of revenue, it's not accounted as an 
associate, it's included as part of our revenues.  
Sharvil Patel: 
We are a 50:50 joint venture there. 
Harit Ahmed: 
50% okay. 
Sharvil Patel: 
50%. 
Harit Ahmed: 
Alright.  Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Damayanti. 
Damayanti: 
Hi.  Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Damayanti: 
Okay, hi.  This is Damayanti from HSBC Securities.  So my first 
question is now Moraiya has seen FDA inspection, so can you update 
us on your transdermal opportunities, how should we look at them 
whether you need to redo your some of studies, which you have done 
earlier or like when we should be expecting first launch post Moraiya 
clearance? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, in Moraiya, we have 5 products that we have filed for 
transdermals.  4 out of the 5 products are being held for approval 
because of the warning letter, which means that all other product 
related queries and regulatory queries have been resolved.  So, once 
we are able to clear our regulatory compliance on Moraiya, we 
believe that we can have approvals for about four products, exact 
timeline would be very difficult to give because first we need to clear 

 
17 
 
our regulatory hurdle and then go through the product clearance 
space. 
Management: 
Just one clarification, alliance is actually referred to certain out 
licensing deals and a global contract manufacturing because we don't 
include now sales of the JVs. 
Damayanti: 
Okay.  So, Dr. Sharvil, out of 5 you are confident that once the 
warning letter is lifted for the facility, you should be getting approval 
for those products in reasonable time frame? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, because it is only stuck for cGMP clearance, so once we get that 
clearance, we believe they can move into the clearance phase, but 
exact timelines I can't predict that yet. 
Damayanti: 
Sure, and my second question is few quarters back, we used to 
discuss opportunities from vaccines, can you update on that segment 
please? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so on the vaccines front, we have two, so currently we believe 
there are three important vaccines, which we have already 
commercialized and have good value to be created.  One is the rabies 
vaccine, which we already are in market for multiple years, then we 
have the typhoid conjugate vaccine and the quadrivalent flu vaccine.  
These are vaccines where we want to build for business.  Also, 
recently with our approvals on the MR vaccine also we believe that 
between typhoid conjugate and the MR vaccine, this will be the 
critically large opportunities for us for both India and once WHO 
prequalified, for the other global tenders that come out for these two 
vaccines.  Followed by that I think there are niche vaccines like the 
varicella vaccine, hepatitis E vaccine, which are much longer term in 
nature, but those are also important vaccines for our development 
and on the private market side, the quadrivalent flu vaccine is a good 
vaccine because it has -- we are the only Indian generic on that, so it 
helps us in terms of differentiating. 
Damayanti: 
Sure and any number in terms of sales expectation, which you'd like 
to share like 2-3 years down the line how big this business can grow if 
everything goes as per the plan? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we expect significant contribution from this vertical around three 
years down the line when a couple of vaccines like the TCB and MR 
are WHO prequalified and we are able to participate in the global 
tenders. 
Damayanti: 
Any numbers, which you'd like to put? 

 
18 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, we aim for a 10% to 15% market share to be taken in these 
vaccines, but the number is not estimatable right now because it will 
depend on the timing and the pricing and the quantities. 
Damayanti: 
Sure.  Thank you.  I'll get back in the queue.  All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Anubhav Sahu. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Anubhav, we are not able to hear you.  Can you please? 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Hello, is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yeah, it's better, but it's still not clear. 
Moderator: 
Anubhav, can you come back again fixing this audio? 
Anubhav: 
Okay, okay Sir. 
Moderator: 
Yeah.  Till that time, we'll take the next question from Surya Patra.  
Yes, Mr. Surya, please unmute yourself. 
Surya Patra: 
Yeah.  Sorry.  Sir, thank you for this opportunity and the first question 
is on the domestic sorry US business Sir.  The sequential growth, 
sequential as well as year-on-year growth what we have witnessed, is 
it by any chance led by the volume push at the cost of realisations? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay, because what I'm trying to understand here is that the 
sequential correction in the gross margin while for consumer business 
it is a strong season and for the domestic formulation business as you 
mentioned that the branded business has done well and US is also 
progressing right, then what would have impacted the gross margin 
so more than 250 basis points sequentially? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think one, before Nitin Bhai gives you an answer on the gross 
margin, in the US our business model that we have been strictly 
following is that we don't sell products at losses or at very low 
margins.  We are very clear every product has a clear P&L and we are 
driven by making sure that every product P&L is healthy or at least 
profitable, and so I don't think we make those compromises on 
product by product by looking at portfolio.  So, that is just the 
clarification in terms of we don't do business in that manner for 
volume other than that the overall mix point of view Nitin Bhai will 
take that. 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, Surya, there are three things.  One is that domestic formulations 
business in reported terms in this quarter has a degrowth of about 

 
19 
 
17%, which obviously is a high gross margin business and the 
proportion of business affects that is one part.  Secondly, you talk of 
Zydus Wellness, so Zydus Wellness obviously has a much higher 
growth in this quarter being a season, but Zydus Wellness on a 
business portfolio basis also has a lower GC then my overall GC, and 
third is that especially business like Zydus Wellness is affected by 
input cost also like a milk prices and palm oil prices apart from some 
other cost increases including let's say freight inward cost. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay, okay.  Sir is it possible to give some color on what kind of 
outlook that one should have on the GC side, gross margin side? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think we can give an EBITDA kind of outlook which we have clearly 
said that we'll be 20% + for FY23.  I think gross margin is a question of 
product mix and business mix, which keeps on varying and gross 
margins to net margins also varies, so I don't think, I think that is the 
best way to assume the current next two to three quarters. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure Sir.  Second question is on the domestic formulation business. So 
obviously we are seeing a kind of generally trend of moderation for 
the industry from the high waves of COVID now, so and 
simultaneously we have seen many of the leading Indian peers are 
either expanding field force or kind of a building something like that 
on the field force side, so there is, if this is a kind of a trend then there 
is an enhanced competition likely to be, so given that scenario what is 
the general outlook for the industry as well as for you for the 
domestic business that you were anticipating? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I agree to that extent that Indian branded generics has always been 
very competitive, there is a high degree of competition in the 
category and I think every company has a strategy in terms of what 
they try to follow.  For us, I think on the short term side, we want to 
grow as per market because there is so much volatility that exists, but 
in the mid-term, our plans from our investments that we're making, 
we believe we will grow better than market in the coming years and 
that's mainly driven by obviously our differentiated portfolio that we 
have both on the small molecule side, which are IP protected as well 
as the biosimilars, our entry into first in India launches for off patent 
molecules which has happened in the diabetes and cardiovascular 
space, which has allowed us to gain good traction in these two 
therapies and a continued effort on some of the therapies like 
respiratory, women's health and others where we're trying to 
reinforce our position where we are there.  We're also utilizing 
capabilities on the digital side to expand our reach both in terms of 
the patient-doctor reach as well as the distribution reach for many of 
our established brands and also build on to the growing organized 

 
20 
 
sectors in terms of hospitals, the tenders that are there and also the 
e-commerce players who are able to take some share in the segment.  
So, all of that will lead to our plans for the growth or the growth 
drivers for the domestic business. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay.  Sir just one more question on the finance cost side. So having 
seen the deleveraging throughout last year, still the finance cost 
seems flat, it has not corrected, anything on that side whether it is 
because of the consumer business contributing a significant chunk in 
this quarter that is why the number looks elevated or this is a kind of 
run rate, so basically the benefit of the financial deleveraging that is 
not visible? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, Surya what has happened that only towards the end of the 
quarter we repaid some debt, but that is what you'll be able to see in 
gross debt position between two dates, two quarter ends, otherwise 
we were using that as a treasury, so there is an increase in other 
income that you can see, which is largely related to interest income 
and some profit on sale of investment like mutual funds investment, 
so on the net basis because we found that we were having a low 
interest regime, it made sense for us rather than to repay the debt to 
use that as a treasury income because in overall terms, we found that 
as a beneficial position.  Obviously, things are now going to change 
with increasing interest rates. 
Surya Patra: 
yeah.  Okay, sure.  Just last one single Sir, on the Moraiya side what is 
the current utilization of that facility Sir? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Moraiya it's a very well utilized facility and as I had always said other 
than transdermals, we do have launches, but not too many launches 
now planned out of Moraiya, so most of our future launches are out 
of our other facilities in SEZ and our future SEZ 2 facility.  But Moraiya 
is a well utilized facility about 65%-70%, but it varies depending on 
the products. 
Surya Patra: 
But if the US thing happens, then in terms of the profitability whether 
it will have a kind of meaningful say? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think the transdermals is the only one which is meaningful for us 
beyond that it is a business as usual. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay, okay.  Sure Sir.  thank you.  Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yeah.  Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 

 
21 
 
Saion Mukherjee: yeah.  I have a few questions.  Firstly on the US business, can you 
share like what has been the price erosion year-on-year for your 
portfolio and have you seen or have you discontinued any product, 
have you come to a stage where the profitability has corrected so 
much that you've decided to discontinue, so if you can throw some 
light as to how many of such products you've discontinued? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I won't have each product idea, but definitely if the products are 
becoming unviable, we are leaving the market if we do not see any 
price improvement and we have done that consistently.  In fact, 
historically I can talk we had left the Atenolol market, we had left 
Losartan, we had left HCQ, and the markets turn, whenever the 
markets changed favorably, we were able to quickly enter these 
markets.  So, I think as I said earlier, we run US business with each 
product as a P&L on its own and not as a portfolio, so we do get out of 
markets or don't go for any share if the margins are very low.  So, 
that's my overall view. I can tell you quarter-on-quarter we have had a 
price erosion of 2.5%. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay and Dr. Sharvil on the specialty efforts that you're making in the 
US, before Saroglitazar gets approved over sometime, how should we 
think about the scale of this business you have couple of rare disease 
assets, do you think you need to add more to sort of make it 
sustainable? Any thoughts on the scale and profitability of this 
business from the next say 2-3 years perspective? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, from the investment point of view, there would be further 
investments over the next two to three years.  Currently, we have two 
assets in the ultra-rare disease front, which is the Nulibry and CUTX 
assets.  These are important assets for the company in terms of 
creating a place in terms of a pediatric orphan exclusive kind of 
products that we want to build towards, which will mean that we 
would continue to further license more products in this space.  We 
first had done CUTX101.  Immediately in the next few quarters, we 
were able to get Nulibry.  I think we have become a good partner in 
this field because this is a very niche unique field to be in where you 
have to actually go and find patients, so I think for a future 
opportunities in this, we would look to be an active licensing partner 
and then slowly scale this business up.  None of these molecules on its 
own will become very large, but I think we can build optimum 
business on the super specialty front through this Sentynl engine.  For 
the Saroglitazar, I think currently we believe that we are 24 late filing 
then 25 launch.  So, we are building towards that and this year phase 
2B results will be out by end of this year, where we would be able to 
then see how aggressively we can push for a faster phase three and 
also the opportunity that we can get. 

 
22 
 
Saion Mukherjee: Thanks, Dr. Sharvil and on the ultrarare disease, so what is the 
optimal number of products you think you should have on this, you 
have currently 2, is it like 4, 5, and other opportunities you're seeing 
in the market and do you see a good possibility of adding more 
products over the course of the next year or so? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are seeing one or two opportunities right now and we are 
evaluating them in the pediatric space.  So, there are opportunities 
that are there.  There is a lot of impetus globally on pushing for 
medicines for this ultrarare diseases.  So, I think those will continue, 
but in the short-term, we are seeing about one to two opportunities 
that we are actively looking. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay, okay, and finally one last question on the domestic market, you 
have a trade generic presence. Some of the peers are talking quite 
positively about this, so what are your thoughts, you're not pursuing 
this as an opportunity if you can share your thoughts on trade 
generics in India? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No.  Trade generic, we are as you rightly said are present in trade 
generics.  Trade generics definitely will be one avenue of growth, 
which has a completely different distribution kind of network that 
exists and we do believe that as the market shifts or grows, we will 
also be able to capture growth there.  Also some of the very legacy 
old brands, which don't require a lot of sales promotion anymore are 
potential for being also driven by the trade generic side either on the 
SKU level or the brand level, so all of those things that we continue to 
evaluate and we believe it will become a good business, it will account 
for 8%-10% of our overall revenue and we potentially can grow.  So, 
we will remain present in this category. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay and how large is it today currently? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It's about  7%. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay.  7% of the India formulation sales? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay.  Thank you.  Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  We'll take the last question from Naveen. 
Naveen: 
Can you hear me Sir? 
Moderator: 
Yeah. 
Naveen: 
I just wanted to know what is the revenue outlook from your new 
Ahmedabad SEZ plant? 

 
23 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the new Ahmedabad SEZ plant has just started taking exhibit 
batches, which will then go for a USFDA audit when possible, and then 
commercialization, so there's no revenue driven out of that facility 
and it will be at least three years out before we see substantial 
manufacturing happening. 
Naveen: 
Okay Sir.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  I now hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Thank you very much and we look forward to interacting with you 
again in the month of November with our quarter 2 results.  Thank 
you and have a nice evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited  that concludes 
this conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your line and exit the webinar. 
 
End of Transcript 
