MV 
RO 
FURNITURE 
  
   
Date: 13.08.202 
  
 
 
 
  
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Mumbai-400001 
NSE Symbol: AVROIND 
BSE Scrip Code: 543512 
Dear Sir/Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
the Investor Conference Call of Avro India Limited (‘the Company’) held on Tuesday, 09t August, 
2022 at 11:00 a.m. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For AVRO INDIA LIMITED 
Jatens 
Sumit Bansal 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
M.No: A42433 
  
Encl: As above 
  
(Formerly known as AVON MOLDPLAST LIMITED) 
2. 
A-7/36-39, South of G.T. Road, 
Tel: 0120-4376091 
www.avrofurniture.com 
Indl. Area (Opp. Rathi Udyog Ltd.) 
Helpline: 9910039125 
Follow us on 9 © &® 
Ghaziabad-201009 (UP), India 
info@avrofurniture.com 
~ 
snd 
CIN: L25200UP1996PLC101013

“Avro India Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2022 
CUO 
Divi 
cos GRD. + 
FURNITURE 
ANALYST: 
MR. VASTUPAL SHAH 
— 
KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR AGGARWAL — CHAIRMAN - AVRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
Mr. SAHIL AGGARWAL — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- 
AVRO INDIA LIMITED 
Page | of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Moderator: 
Vastupal Shah: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
Good morning, Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the Q1 FY2023 Results Conference call 
of Avro 
India Limited hosted 
by Kirin Advisors 
Private Limited. 
As 
a reminder, 
all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing **’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Vastupal Shah from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. I would like to welcome Mr. Sushil Kumar Aggarwal 
-Chairman of Avro India Limited to give you brief about the Q1 FY2023 results and quarter 
development. Sushil Sir over to you. 
Thank you very much Vastu and hello everyone and good morning and 
I trust all of you are 
in an absolute fantastic great health. 
I welcome you 
all 
for the 
first quarter FY2023 
conference call. 
Avro India Limited is one of the largest manufacturer of quality molded plastic furniture in 
North India and amongst the top 5 brands in the country. The product portfolio of the 
company includes household and office ware molded furniture chairs, tables, stools, almirah 
and various products of this kind. The product for the company are mainly known for its 
quality and durability along with the long-term guarantee. We are the only company to offer 
three years guarantee on lots of our products. This has propelled the growth of its two 
established brands Avro and Avon. The company has one of the largest product range with 
more than 100 SKUs and strong scale distribution system to 20000 retail outlets across 
India, its online presence on Flipkart, Amazon, Snap Deal, Pepperfry, IndiaMart, Meesho, 
Jio, etc. and 
I think we are probably the largest on Amazon, and Flipkart put together in 
terms of the sales. The quarter of the company has expanded its offline distribution to Pan 
India basis and we are progressing today and moving towards Pan India in terms of let us 
say the atrium reaching to Bangalore to Kerala to Bhuj to Guwahati to Kashmir to Assam 
everywhere we 
are reaching 
out. 
So your company 
is keen 
on business growth and 
expansion. The company is looking to expand its product portfolio by introducing new 
furniture mold in the current year we have already got three more this year, we are getting 
other four molds by this FY2023 itself, and we will continue to get such molds which take 
the product leadership by introducing latest new designs and that is how we are probably 
the frontrunner in the industry. 
It is also evaluating the outsourcing opportunity to expand 
business product portfolio and regional presence. The new product we have launched are 
almirah, 
steel almirah, revolving chairs 
of various kinds, imported furniture which are 
Page 2 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
August 09, 2022 
imported from China and that kind of thing and even mattresses for that matter because we 
have that existing infrastructure we can piggy back on the online and offline distribution 
model that we already have the same distributor sell all these products and they keep them 
and they have been asking for quite some time Mr. Aggarwal why do not you please give us 
these products also because it helps them to get everything sourced from one single source. 
So we are trying to do that and we will keep you posted about the new launches from time- 
to-time. We are among the five leading companies the molded furniture in India markets. 
We are equally focus on environment safety in this regards as 
I mentioned in my Q4 
FY2022 con call we are setting up a recycling unit to produce granules, proposed consumer 
and post-industrial plastics. 
It is estimated that each use of kilo of the regenerated plastics 
needs to a sag end of 2.5 kg of green house gases emission which contributes towards 
climate change if company is supporting circular economy by creating sustainable business 
model by collection upcycling and making final products of HDPE, LDPE, and PP plastics 
which are some of the highest used plastics in India for self conception and commercial 
sales it is estimated that these three item itself is constitutes about 66% of the use of plastic 
across globe and especially in India. So we have a huge availability of such product. 
If 
company by using in-house innovation has started using post consumer industrial plastics 
and has already crossed more than 300 metric tons of regenerated polymer manufacturing 
by outsourcing in the first quarter of financial year 2022-2023, which it will gradually scale 
up to we will scale up to 500 metric tons per month in FY2023 and thereafter further also. 
The plan is to meet major annual requirement of polymer during FY2022-2023 and beyond 
the regeneration and up cycling this is our step in making Agro India a green company and 
something which is compliant in terms of ESG recycle granules a 30% cheaper the kilo 
contributing to significant cost saving and improvement in profits and debt revised on the 
basis of consumption which is estimated to be the 70% of entire production of Avro as we 
go along hence production is being scaled up for up cycling so we are in the process of 
building the capacity so the 70% of our consumption can be in-house produce. 
So let me take you to the financial performance of the company. For Q1 FY2023 revenues 
reported as 67.3% growth to 20.31 Crores. EBITDA came at 2.17 Crores as against just 
Rs.9 lakh in corresponding year and which happened due to COVID those days EBITDA 
margin improved substantially to 10.68%, net profit was 1.04 Crores as against net loss of 
36 lakhs and net profit margin was 5.12%. 
So now I open the floor for Q&A. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. 
Page 3 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
Thank you. 
Ladies 
and gentlemen, we 
will now 
begin 
with 
the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Mane an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Good morning. Sir I want to just tell you what is the return of assets the return on equity 
ROE can you tell me. 
Return on equity I think stays at; we are having an EPS of about 1.03 for this quarter one so 
possibly I can get this data to you I am extremely sorry right now I do not have in front of 
me. 
No issue Sir. My second question is how much debt-to-equity ratio. 
Debt to equity I think our debt is very low as 
I know it is about just a long-term debt is 
about 1.5 Crores and we have still the limits so I would say that it is less than 0.8% of debt 
to equity. 
And how much company’s inventory turnover ratio and sales growth. 
Inventory turnover ratio is pretty high we have more than 24 times in terms of inventory 
and second question you asked was turnover. 
Sales growth. 
Sales growth of course we have some amount of sales growth from last quarter it is a 18.3 
Crores to 20.24 Crores and normally this first and second quarter are little subdued because 
what happened there are no festivals etc., but 
I believe Q2 and Q4 onwards the traction 
picks up and even otherwise the economy is opening up in the entire country and probably 
this care of COVID has gone the commodity prices are smoothening up so we believe and 
assume that this year will be little different and stellar year than what we have been posting 
in the previous year. 
Okay, which will be your best quarter. 
Q3 and Q4 will be the best because that is the festive time where they uptake picks up 
dramatically and even otherwise what is happening is two things very good thing that are 
happening is that number one we are expanding our footprint across countries we are in the 
process of acquiring about 50 odd distributors across countries of which about 
10 have 
already been on-boarded and 40 are likely to be on-boarded in the next two to three months 
Page 4 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
so that is one thing that we will have an advantage plus as 
I said because recycling or up 
cycling that we have been doing is doing great and we have gone through the entire nitty- 
gritty and we are in the process of setting up a brand new plant for this so whereby we 
assume that once we start this entire thing it is 500 metric ton going up to about 1000 tons 
per month we are assuming that bottom line will grow substantially so these two good 
things will happen that will get reflected in Q2 and Q4. 
What kind of demand you should see from next three quarters. 
It was become very, very good because for reason as I said we will be also very aggressive 
on the pricing because since we have the pocket in terms of bottom-line growth because of 
the 30% 
cost 
and reduction 
of the raw material 
that 
will 
be consuming 
or 
will 
be 
manufacturing that will cover the leverage to actually become very predatory pricing or 
aggressive in terms of market. So once we are able to do that because we have the huge 
product range happening the existence for 20 years in this industry 
I am also national 
president of furniture manufacture association so across India I know who all are sitting 
what is their strength how far they can go because there are a lot of region specific player so 
what is happening is in the peri peri of three 500 kilometers that they operating they do not 
want to venture out but probably we are one of the rare companies which has now taken a 
bit lead and right from Kashmir to Kanyakumari they reaching out even Bhuj 
to Assam 
Guwahati we are reaching out to almost every sector of the country and by doing so we 
believe that not only the demand that persisted that continued that we had from our existing 
customer these new customer that we are on-boarding should bring in a additional sale 
volume which is a verge in trajectory which have not been exploring the past so that should 
really give us a great amount of push. 
Sir one last question. I just take about pre cycling when we can expect the same to start. 
Sorry you said what do you expect out of recycling. 
Yes. 
No, 
it is an up cycling 
I will not call 
it is recycling 
I will start calling 
it is up cycling 
because we generating polymer and that will help the company to bolster not only in terms 
of eco saving that we are talking about but in terms of profitability also and another best 
part here is that because the Indian market is pretty wide and huge 6 million tons of plastics 
is available not many people have this way of producing and manufacturing that but we are 
following the entire norms of the ETP as well as the pollution control boards etc. creating a 
green economy and not only we will be consuming but we will also be able to sell this kind 
Page 5 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Sandeep Mane: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Mane: 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Karani: 
August 09, 2022 
of product to other companies we are actually in the same domain and same forte and 
manufacturing similar product range at a reasonable price so that they can buy from us that 
is one step that we are looking at plus we are also looking at also servicing the domestic and 
MNC companies were looking for EPR benefit because come what made 
as per the 
government guidelines extended produce responsibility that they have the owners even then 
to procure 100% of the plastic that they consume it could be Dabur, it could be ITC, it could 
be anybody for that matter in the three years they have 
to procure 
in recycling now 
unfortunately they do not have many people who can offer them that all the product and 
they are force to pay penalties of that so we have a great opportunity in terms of not only 
doing self consumption selling to some companies of similar nature that we are into and 
also 
be able 
to service 
the EPR companies 
for 
their requirement 
so we 
see 
a great 
opportunity coming from that standpoint of view. 
When can production will start and what will be the Capex needed. 
Right now what we are doing is that whatever Capex is required we are doing it through 
internal accruals which has certain impact at exposure which we have an access from the 
bank because a little low on the debt long-term debt is only 1.5 Crores and our bankers are 
every more than happy 
to extend 
us wherever necessary 
so 
this Capex 
will 
go into 
manufacturing this backward which is the integrated process that we are talking up cycling 
we will do that we already are in the forward in terms of the product category that skew that 
we were increasing as 
I said we are in the leadership and running position because right 
now the amount of molds and designs that I am introducing or this Avro is introducing not 
many companies in the country are introducing which might be little large and small also so 
that is giving us an edge so what is happening is we are firing up on all cylinders on both 
the front right from the forward integration in terms of the product enhancement as well the 
backward integration. So this 
is certainly give us an edge and we believe that the entire 
results FY2023 and FY2024 will see a very different company all together. 
Thank you Sir. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Nilesh Karani from Magnum Equity 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Good morning. Sir only my question is on upcycle this thing recycling up cycle basically 
what you see down the line if I talk about FY2023 so probably how much percentage would 
be our recycle business like up cycle business. 
Page 6 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
Yes, as 
I said whatever consumption we do we are expecting and assuming that we will 
scale it up to 70% of sell consumption self production which we should be able to do that so 
we are looking forwarded to that committee to meet our first our own personal demand 
company’s demand and mitigate the cost that is one thing and then once we are able to scale 
it up further as 
I was just telling on the basis the Capex that w are investing so that we 
would be able to also sell to other companies also so we are looking forward for this. 
And basically now furniture our UP market I think we have a strong hold but now rest of 
India how we are going can you just get a hit on that. 
Incidentally, it is a good thing that you asked we are only company which has got more than 
28 designs registered with us which is very rare in the entire Indian content for that matter 
because not many companies actually pay attention 
to designing but we do 
a 
lot 
of 
designing our self and that is how this rest is sometime government of India. Now for the 
virtue of that the product exclusivity that we have none of these other companies have so 
wherever we go we 
get 
a huge welcome reception 
let 
us 
say 
for example we have 
distributed, now we are setting up in Mumbai again we have started selling in Kerala we 
have started selling in Bangalore, there 
is metro 80 stores across India and everywhere 
consumer are lapping up for product and it is a B2B model so in a B2B space also we are 
getting great response so 
I believe that because of the product leadership and the design 
capability that we have and very interestingly I wanted to share this probably I forgot to 
share that we are also 40% cheaper than national brands you can go online and check 
everything on Flipkart and Amazon we are the only company for that which has got the 
highest ranking and rating in the product category of all kinds of product category on 
Amazon and Flipkart at this point. 
Again 
I will come 
to that same question like see for example now UP 
is how much 
percentage of our market right now and rest of India is how much percentage. Can you 
just... 
Yes, right now we are doing about 70% in Uttar Pradesh because that is a domestic home 
market and we are absolutely embedded in this market for past two decades and 30% came 
from other states of northern India right from Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Himachal, J&K, 
Uttrahkhand, Rajasthan etc. now we are expanding more onto Gujarat as well as Madhya 
Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh even Orissa and Jharkhand plus we are also going towards 
southern India in terms of the other states Maharashtra including so we believe that over a 
period of time my assumption and take is that 50% will be Uttar Pradesh or UP home 
market and 50% should come from other areas. 
Page 7 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
August 09, 2022 
And as we discussed in the last con call basically you were planning to set up something in 
south correct another factory or some warehousing like something. So the plans are on or 
how it is going on. 
Yes, that is absolutely true number one we are not planning to set up factory as such right 
now but I this first time we will certainly set up warehouses facilities wherever necessary to 
reach out to consumer. For example today on Flipkart and Amazon our major buyers are 
from south India. 
So we will requested by these companies why did not we 
set up 
a 
warehouse these are all right let the traction take place because right now we are selling 
more than Rs.10 Crores worth of plastic furniture on online and we believe that over a 
period of time on the basis of the increase in the sales volume etc., we should be able to set 
up warehouses wherever necessary to facilitate and make it easy to reach out to consumer 
very, very fast which were anyway doing at this point of time also but that would certainly 
benefit our small time retailers as well as distributors who can take small consignment from 
us which we are in the process setting up over a period of time. 
So can you elaborate on any timeframe like how much time it will take to... 
It 
is demand driven Mr. Nilesh we are 
a very much open 
let 
us 
say 
if 
it comes 
to 
warehouses our collection centers etc., across India it is absolutely easy and find for us to 
do so at some point we will contemplating that we can sell 
it up in Jaipur, Ludhiana, 
Ahmedabad, etc., or Bhopal then we started realizing that there is no point in setting up 
there because these people are buying entire material on truckload basis they do not want 
small consignment so if at all even if we gave a storage house and they do not want to buy 
material from there 
it will become useless activity instead of that we will 
set up this 
particular facility where we believe that we cannot get it very fast so we are in the process 
of evaluating that as and when it happens wherever demand comes in we already has GST 
registration in Bangalore we also have in Rajasthan and couple of other places we are in the 
process of doing that and we will continue to do that ramp it up as much as possible. 
If I ask you see this is a 
little bit data point question but if I ask you if we put together your 
up-cycle business in 2023 and your existing business so what kind of growth we are looking 
at. 
What is your question on that. 
If you look at our up-cycle business and our existing business which is growing up so total 
like how we see your 2023 panning out like what would be our roughly what would be our 
growth. 
Page 8 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Nilesh Karani: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
First and foremost let us say furniture we assume and believe we have been growing at a 
rate of about 20%, 25% or so but I will be certainly modify that figure and take it to about 
40% what we are assuming number one in terms of the product growth or the sales of the 
product is concerned and while we are doing that because this up cycle that we are doing 
will actually be system consumption initially but we will also be able to sell that. So while 
what we are doing is in the first phase we are setting up a project for 1000 tons but the 
second phase once we were able to at little comfortable in terms of cash flow etc. and we 
are able to manage our funds to a certain extent we will set up a Greenfield plant which will 
be exclusively to manufacture up cycling products and that should be a little larger project. 
So then we should be able to see the benefits accrue out of that sales in FY2024. 
So basically if I see blended margins will go up by nearly 30%, 40% in 2023 and probably 
more than that in 2024. 
I will not directly relate and say because the cost of raw material is going down by 30% that 
we should be able to do that the cost progressively as and when we progress to manufacture 
and increase the volume it will certainly help us and benefit a lot but direct benefit of 30% 
on the entire sales may not be there because 30% we are anyway going to source from 
outside sources and besides once we are trying to scale it up there will certain amount of 
direct and indirect expenses that will get entailed but nevertheless possibly the results will 
be much better than different than what we have been posting these days. 
And one more question is regarding crude basically the crude is probably coming down to 
80 level or 75 level and settling there around. So can we see our profitability going higher. 
Can we see sorry I missed you over there at 70, 80 level crude yes next is. 
Yes, 
so 
it 
will 
impact 
our profitability correct we 
will have more 
this margins 
on 
profitability side correct. 
Yes, incidentally you are absolutely right what happens when the crude goes down naturally 
the polymer prices in the virgin territory also goes down similarly the post consumer post 
industry will also goes down towards that extent but not great and let us say if the virgin 
plastic is going down by Re.1 this will be about 0.50 paisa because 
it does not directly 
impact and same way when it goes up possibly does not impact us much let us say if this is 
Rs.20 rise it will be increases the prices of virgin polymer indeed in the up cycling it will be 
about Rs.10 only not even Rs.10, Rs.7 Rs.8 only. So that is the benefit and beauty we get 
and very interestingly 
I would like to share that because people do not have scientific 
manufacturing facilities they are unable to procure and use that metal which is abundantly 
Page 9 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Nilesh Karani: 
Moderator: 
Avinash Gorak: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
available across India for a very, very low price and interestingly not many people who are 
actually doing up cycling are able to meet that particular criteria from the standpoint of 
whatever shoddy or the shady way that they are doing is not the right way because today 
PMO and Honorable Government of India is promoting this recycling up cycling in a very, 
very big way. So it is a big time for us to take a big leap of faith and we have already done 
that. 
Thank you Sir, this from our side. Thank you so much Sir. 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Avinash Gorak from Profit Market. Please go 
ahead. 
Good morning everybody and congratulations for a very good set of numbers. 
I have two 
questions; one is can you tell us what has been the improvement in the working capital 
cycle because this business is largely working capital intensive. So going forward in the 
coming financial year do you expect some 
sort of reasonable working capital kind of 
reduction, so that that would aid your operating cash flows and secondly in terms of the 
new products any new products the company is planning to launch some new designs or 
maybe some new product categories if you could give some color on that. 
Fantastic question Mr. Avinash thank you very much for this. When 
it comes to working 
capital cycle actually last year we extended a 
lot of credits to our buyers just because they 
were going through a huge COVID challenge and now in this year we will do consolidation 
and that cycle should come down. So I believe that data’s would certainly be brought into 
the reasonable level that we were actually operating in earlier. That is one thing, besides the 
additional cash flow that will generate will help us in mitigating if at all there is any capital 
need comes in we will be able to take care of that, that will suffice and when it comes to 
new product yes as 
I said we have already introduced three modes this year we had the 
process of introducing the four modes that I am talking about are almost ready and on the 
way so this year we will be able to do not only that as we were just mentioning that 
revolving chairs is one thing which we are looking forward to. We have already started let 
us say sourcing plus certain trials are happening and we believe that by Q3 or Q4 that 
should see a certain amount of sales growth happening from that area plus still almirah we 
have already been doing in a core start, but now this year will become a little hot on that we 
will 
start amplifying that business model. We 
are also looking 
at mattresses because 
mattress is a reasonably big size market today, but we will not actually we do not want to 
manufacture 
it, but we will get 
it branded in our own company brand and start selling 
through offline and online. So these are a couple of changes that we are looking forward to 
Page 10 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Avinash Gorak: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Avinash Gorak: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Avinash Gorak: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
in terms of this product expansion, in terms of the market distribution expansion and up 
cycling also. These three areas we are looking at. 
So I think I just wanted one more clarification the mattress product will be outsourced right 
it will not be manufactured by the company. 
Absolutely. 
So hopefully when can we expect this business, this product to be launched in the market, I 
mean, can we expect that say after financial year taken up of FY2023 or all these products 
which you mentioned would come and reflect in revenue numbers in FY2024 if you could 
just give us some idea. 
I think FY2024 should be very safe to say so because what happens we become aspirational 
and it is absolutely nothing wrong in being aspirational, but sometimes things do not go the 
way we want it there are many people who are ready to more than happy and willing to 
partner with us and give us the product, but nevertheless we are scouting for the best one we 
are also looking 
at the right time opportunity 
in terms 
of reaching out and probably 
expanding or maybe start with distribution of the product category and we also look out for 
certain resources in terms of brand power or certain deployment so that we can actually 
effectively do that we do not want to do a start where we are not reaching out we are not 
able to scale up. So when the process has evaluating and because we are little tight in terms 
of because the distribution is being expanded the up cycling is happening so entire team 
seems to be reasonably busy but certainly we will take it up to the next level the moment we 
are able to one by one complete all these projects and aspiration we will certainly take it 
forward. 
One last question you mentioned a lot about up cycling which is basically a more refined 
word for recycling every one thing for doing this up cycling do you require any kind of 
specific technology or that has been developed in-house by the company you said that the 
quality of the product which finally comes out matters a lot so up cycling is definitely got to 
do with a lot of precision and quality. So for the technology part does it involve some basic 
technology or is it a very simple process to recycle, 
I mean, up cycle and actually use the 
polymer... 
We certainly said it is a very simple process also that is the one way right way to say so, but 
it also has certain nitty gritties what happens just converting post industrial consumer post 
industrial waste or plastic into the pallets of granules is the most easiest job to do so, but 
post consumer to take that and into segregate and also do a washing as well treating that 
Page 11 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Avinash Gorak: 
Moderator: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
particular product 
to make 
it usable for non-food product 
or in the furniture category 
without compromising the quality or the color or strength is the biggest challenge and that 
is where our expertise comes in because in the two decades of our experience in this line of 
activity we understand this recipe reasonably well we know what 
is 
it that needs to be 
mixed or what is it needs to be fixed in terms of creating a product quality which does not 
compromises the customer’s aspiration and maybe over or a period of time when we are 
going forward in terms of online offline we cannot be saying there is a certainty or return or 
reverse in terms of the growth that we are looking 
at. So we are very cautious we are 
conscious and we are now building the technology in terms of let us say we are deploying a 
fantastic digital technology to ensure that the value stream or the entire chain of these up 
cycling 
is mapped beautifully well and then we 
are also 
in the process 
of acquiring 
technology which is another block chain probably right from the way product gets source 
till that time disposal where and how would this happen so in the process of doing that. So 
the idea here will be when we deploy these kind of process and technology we will be 
definitely far ahead of others we are going to not only system will be able to scale it up also. 
I think thank you very much and all the best for you. 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Kuber Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir I just wanted to know that have we taken any price 
hike during this quarter to mitigate the inflationary pressure. 
Price hit. 
How much you can quantify that. 
Are you saying we are taking the price hit. 
Price hike. 
Price hike of the final product or the raw metal increase. 
Both. 
There have been a certain amount of increase in the selling prices that we were selling 
earlier about 6% 
or 
so but 
I think 
if the price increase of the raw material went up 
dramatically drastically because of this particular supply chain management disruption as 
Page 12 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
well as the war. So that actually it got escalated overnight, but in spite of that by virtue of 
our let us say certain intelligence that we have in terms of creating recipes be able to still 
sustain, but 
I am sure as and when 
it is easing now over a period time let us say the 
commodity prices availability as well 
as supply chain management we believe that we 
should 
be 
able 
to cruise ahead with 
a great amount 
of plans and 
sustainability and 
scalability or in terms of let us say creating that particular number that we are looking at we 
should be able to achieve that. We did have a hit on that. 
And second question is on the, 
I mean, if you looking at the next few quarters so how do 
you look at it, is it something uncertain still or to be confident about it. 
Profitability. No, we are very confident from the simple standpoint of view that the business 
we are into we have been doing for two decades we understand the product category and 
nitty gritty pretty well in terms of deep distribution etc. and product leadership that we have 
taken three years guarantee, 40% cheaper price, online offline presence, 20000 retailers so 
and so forth. These are couple of our strengths. So I believe once we are in the progressive 
stage at this point of time and we are expanding our footprint plus also doing up cycling we 
are hitting on all fronts we are ensuring that we take care of all the avenues and areas where 
we can bolster our top line and bottom line both. So we are doing as much as possible so I 
do not really see any risk happening as such per se and even otherwise I would like to share 
this with all my friends that today plastic furniture per se is not damaging environment and 
saving environment had not been the plastic furniture of about $1 billion industry 
I am 
assuming and believing that how much amount of wood would have gone into the let us say 
this manufacturing of furniture but instead of that and not only that five to six times this 
gets recycled and that later on it gets used into making of roads also. So in a way we do not 
believe that there is no any risk for that matter and even otherwise the sunrise industry it is 
growing at the rate of 15% organically year-on-year and because of our expansion and 
distribution and we will also start suffering the branding activity we believe that we will 
cannibalize another company’s brands also so that should give us 
a great leverage and 
strength. Have I been able to answer you. 
Yes, 
I mean, last was a bit inaudible, but I got 
it. The next question is on, if you can just 
quantify regarding our order book. 
Order book interestingly our order book is so smart that we almost deliver in 24 hours to 48 
hours every time all the orders. So we do not keep pending because the moment we keep it 
pending then the distributors would go over to other companies we do not want that to 
Page 13 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Kuber Chauhan: 
Moderator: 
Devang Baldeja: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Devang Baldeja: 
August 09, 2022 
happen. So our strength lies in the fact that the moment order is placed less than 24 hours 
we dispatch. So we do not keep an order book for two to three months. 
Can we just quantify regarding the numbers of FY2023 in terms of numbers like how do 
you look at volume growth and top line growth is there any ballpark number if you can just 
give me or quantify it. 
I will not be able to tell you ballpark but I will just give you a small idea that let us say for 
example the distribution that we are expanding and plus the branding that we are doing I 
believe that we should be able to grow about 30% to 40% is my take at this point unless 
otherwise 
something 
unwarranted 
happens. 
So 
the 
top 
line 
that 
we 
have 
had 
and 
correspondingly naturally the bottom line also will grow because we are doing up cycling. 
Okay you are saying 30% on a Y-o-Y basis, right. 
Yes, right. 
Okay Sir that is it from my side. Thank you and all the best for future. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Baldeja an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes Sir congrats on the good QI numbers and I wanted to ask about your profitability. So in 
quarter for we did around 14% EBITDA margin. In Q1 we have done around 10%, 10.5% 
so what was the reason for this dip. 
Yes, of course there were certain amount of sale from plastic compounds also in this 
particular quarter which was not there in the Q4 of FY2022. So that is how 
I think the 
profitability on the sale is little less whereas vis-a-vis is manufacturing. So that is how there 
is a certain amount of drop in the profitability in this quarter but 
I am sure over a period 
time as 
I was just mentioning that since we were starting with this up cycling we believe 
that over a period of time that should constitute a reasonably major amount of benefit and 
the bottom line will certainly grow in the Q3 and Q4 will be very different. 
Then in the last call also you had mentioned about this polypropylene bags and then you 
had the idea of using this as a raw material and that this will lead to a reduction in your raw 
material cost and so on and now also we are saying the same thing so is there some time 
gap between when this idea comes and how long it takes to implement something. 
Page 14 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Devang Baldeja: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Devang Baldeja: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
No last time when I mentioned it was not too long we were in the process of building it up 
and we already done that and as we sent in a message that 300 metric ton has already been 
generated. Now we are scaling up that to not 300 metric ton in a quarter but 500 metric ton 
in a month so once this amplification becomes easy because sometimes what happens there 
are resources constrained right from the technology, machines to maybe manpower etc. So 
once this particular thing we are sorting out all those nitty grities so we believe sometimes 
even certain things are not in our hands also, but as much as we know and we understand 
because we are reasonably big grip not only me my elder son Sahil Aggarwal who is MD 
and another gentleman another boy called Nikhil Aggarwal who handles the marketing and 
sales etc. So not only three of us but even my daughter-in-law whose name is Akshitha 
Aggarwal also takes 
a branding communication. So for us 
state attention 
to the entire 
business and this is the only focus area that we have. So we believe unless otherwise there 
are certain amount of vagaries of nature or challenges that we face beyond that we are 
absolutely up and running and ensuring that all this execution happens because it happens to 
the good and 
it happens for the benefit of not only the company’s growth but in the 
stakeholders and shareholders also. 
So like in Q4 we did 14, 14.5 type EBITDA margin plus with recycling so we could expect 
a jump on that level although so maybe you can do 16%, 17% EBITDA going ahead say 
two, three quarters down the line is that a fair assumption. 
You are actually right because we had just done a small consignment now but the moment 
we scale it up which we are in the process of doing so and as I was mentioning that we are 
setting up a Greenfield plant for right now at this point of time when we are talking and I 
think that should that should probably happen the next four to six months or so. We are 
already have machines procured 
it is just that we need to execute 
it and we are already 
doing in a small way, but to amplify that and once we have done this 1000 tons then the 
next step will be 2000 tons and beyond. 
And like for growth in our business what is the kind of skill set that we need or do we need 
to reach out as much as possible on board more and more dealers enter in new geographies 
or how does it work I mean what are the cycles that lead to large growth like for FY2023 
you are saying we can do 30%, 40% growth so let us say on a four, five year basis what 
kind of plan do we have and on profitability also just a broad rough ideas if you could give. 
Wonderful. Now what we are doing is as you rightly said because my younger son Nikhil 
Aggarwal takes care of the entire sales and distribution. So he has got a team of people 
where he has taken some more people on board. So while doing that we were not able to 
Page 15 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Devang Baldeja: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
reach out to some places which are far flung let us say for example Maharashtra we did not 
have resources or let us say South India we did not have resources, Orissa and all the things 
we did not have. Now in the process of on-boarding a lot of people work from same trade 
itself who are reasonably aligned with the distributor know them all so that it is easy for us 
to connect with these distributor brand new distributors because it takes some time for these 
people to get on-boarded they are little insecure, they have anxiety, they do not know 
whether or not, the company will be able to continue or so. But once they establish and feel 
all right there is a company in existence of two decades and we are doing reasonably well 
and as I said you are not only being national president of furniture manufacturers I am also 
chairman of CII. So when they see that the kind of operation that we do the amount of 
business that we are doing in a very truthful and honest fashion then that inspires them to 
get on-boarded. So we believe that the only risk, only challenge that we face at this point of 
time is having certain amount of key resources on boarding. So that they can connect with 
the distributor and we can start selling that is only small timeline and sometimes what 
happens when we are little small maybe a lot of companies which are lot of people from the 
company large companies do not want to even migrate and come on board because they 
believe we are happy and we are happy with wherever we are but once they sort of settle 
down and they believe all of this coming in for a great purpose then they will certainly 
enjoy so with the process of on-boarding people as much as possible as fast as possible and 
the more we are able to do so more we are going to reach out that is the only challenge. 
And when we reach out to a new distributor so do we need to extend larger commission say 
versus a brand like Nilkamal which is a Pan India an older brand. 
It is really interesting our price is about 40% cheaper than Nilkamal and Supreme or Cello 
normally 
I do not mention these names but they are nevertheless because 
I had a 
lot of 
respect for them they created this industry and they created this product segment and 
category 
so we have 
a lot 
of pride 
in that saying 
that yes 
they are 
the leaders 
but 
nevertheless today because of our aggressive predatory pricing plus distribution plus let us 
say our approach and reach out we do a 
lot of conferences that our distributors play which 
not many companies do because they are reasonably big market. So they do not probably 
they do not have to do all these things but we are in the process of actually building this 
new paradigm of how the distribution model should take place we not only train distributors 
we also train their dealers also we have a complete electric PPT presentation lasting for 
three, three and 
a half hours where we do 
a 
lot of interactive work. 
So these kind of 
activities when we do I am sure over a period of time people will certainly love those who 
are not seen and heard us will love to get associated over a period of time. 
Page 16 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Devang Baldeja: 
Moderator: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
August 09, 2022 
All right great Sir and all the best. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta, retail investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hi! Good morning. As 
I understand your majority business is coming from offline model. 
So what is the breakup between offline and online sales. 
Right now I believe we should be doing about 15% an odd on online and rest comes from 
offline. 
Speaking on the same topic what is the logistic cost for transporting for large order to deal 
distributor and single order of online. 
We do not pay of course our consumers our distributor pay every freight that we have ex 
factory prices. So we believe that in the region that we operate in the freight range 
is 
between 5% to 15% so that is the maximum that our distributors payer but through logistics 
when we send through let us say Cloud tail which was the earlier one now easy detail plus 
there are other companies also they pick up the product from us. So we actually do not pay 
ourselves they pay for it and then we give them that let us say for example metro SG or 
Amazon, 
Flipkart we give them 
the 
material 
and they 
in turn 
take 
up 
the 
logistics 
themselves but 
I believe that their logistics cost is reasonably high and that is how when 
you see our products online prices and you will be surprised that online prices versus the 
distributed prices there is a huge difference massive difference it is just not 10%, 20% there 
are many number of times let us say if the product cost is Rs.400 maybe for online it will be 
for Rs.1100 so there is a huge massive difference and that particular difference has been 
taken by these large corporate these e-com companies as well as the logistics that they have 
to bear and the beauty about that is in spite of that we still are cheaper on online space with 
other large companies and our product as 
I was mentioning that Flipkart, Amazon if you 
were to go and check for Avro Furniture you will find that we have maximum ranking and 
rating for our products and we are the most after stock product we are in fact I would like to 
say and I forgot that right now Amazon has given a certificate that we are Amazon number 
one in the country on terms of online spaces furniture last week itself we got it. 
So in online order is there any minimum order requirements. 
Just we are okay with absolutely two pieces chair also because it is consumer driven. So we 
do not have any let us say if somebody wants one single table or anything is absolutely fine 
for us no problem. 
Page 17 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Apurva Mehta: 
August 09, 2022 
So how many SKUs we will have online against offline. 
We have almost about 20 odd SKUs online because we do not offer every SKU on online 
because there are a couple of low value added products which probably consumer may not 
pick up they will probably carry a negative connotation about the company so our offline 
distribution model in tier 3, tier 4 city as low as about Rs.180 to Rs.200 chair also goes but 
on online space people are little conscious and cautious they want to buy a product which is 
not only branded which has got a strength and quality and even they also do not mind 
paying certain more price on the basis of confidence the comfort that they get. So the beauty 
about that is, that is how we kept certain very selected products from the online and today 
as I was mentioning that is how we have been very popular and successful in that particular 
business model. 
And which are the best-selling products online can you give any idea. 
Yes, sure we have a 
lot of products right on double and double fed chair which has got a 
beautiful chair four colors we have viva table, lexa table, magna, delta then we have got 
2581, 3581 lot of models of these products baby chair, baby desk, etc. and these let us say 
as I said 20 odd rescue range that I got platinum chair probably world’s only single model 
that we have 
it is a beautiful product 4kg 
I think online if you were to check probably 
somewhere in Europe some company was showing about let us say about $100 plus we are 
offering for that as low as about Rs.50. So the beauty about that is that the products are 
reasonably good and as 
I was mentioning that couple of our products are proprietary in 
terms of let us say we are the only company which manufactures that nobody else has these 
molds. We invest a lot on R&D in terms of technology in terms of designing etc. and most 
of these designing I do it myself. 
So what will be the price difference of online of Avro on other big brands. 
Yes, in fact if you were to see let us say for example if you go and check for let us say a 
table of viva table of Avro and versus let us say the supreme table then you will find that 
there is a difference of about Rs.700, Rs.800 even up to a Rs.1000 also so that is a huge 
difference and not only online in offline also their prices are not priced as 
I said 40% 
cheaper 
so 
that 
is how we 
are able 
to get 
a great reception and 
a great amount 
of 
acceptability wherever we have gone. 
Okay thank you that is all from my side. 
Page 18 of 19

® 
FURNITURE 
Avro India Limited 
Moderator: 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Vastupal Shah: 
Moderator: 
August 09, 2022 
Thank you. As there are no further questions 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Vastupal Shah for his closing comments. 
Before that just me a minute to thank Mr. Sandeep, Mr. Nilesh, Mr. Avinash, Mr. Kuber 
Chauhan, Mr. Devang, Mr. Apurva Mehta and 
all other participants for supporting us 
asking these beautiful questions because the moment you ask this question 
it ignites 
a 
passion in our mind it tells us that this is what investor community or people at large are 
looking at with their hopeful eyes. So I can assure and say one thing that we as a company 
have a purpose and as a leadership team today not only me my entire team of leadership 
right from the down the line to the security guy everybody has been oriented to ensure and 
take care of the consumer’s choice because consumer 
is god 
in any case and 
so the 
stakeholders and shareholders. So we will continue to perform as much as possible over a 
pair time and as and when we continue to have the internal resources as well as external 
coming in whatever means we can so we believe that we will amplify this business model to 
a very different level itself altogether. So we are in the process of that please keep guiding 
us please keep blessing us we will be more than happy to collaborate and work together 
with all of you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining the conference call of Avro India Limited. If you 
have any queries you can write us 
at vastupal@kirinadvisors.com and once more many 
thanks to management team and the participants’ for joining the conference. 
Thank you. 
Ladies 
and gentlemen 
on behalf of Kirin Advisors 
Private Limited 
that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
Page 19 of 19
