r 
August 12, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543413 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/l, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEGA 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors' Conference Call for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
PARTNERSHIPS IN PRACTICE 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors' Conference Call of 
Tega Industries Limited ('the Company') held on August 8, 2022 at 3:30 PM IST for the quarter ended June 
30, 
2022. 
The 
same 
can 
also 
be 
accessed 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www. tega ind ustries.com/tega-investors/#g r. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
Tega Industries Limited 
Registered Office: Godrej Waterside, Tower-II, Office No 807, 8'" Floor, Block DP-5, Salt Lake Sector V, Bidhannagar, Kolkata, West Bengal 700 091 
Tel: +91 33 4093 9000 I Fax: +91 33 4093 9075 I www.tegaindustries.com 
~ 
u~ (il~ 
SGS 
· ·~~ 1~·· 
SGS 
SGS 
An ISO 9001 : 2015 Company 
CIN : L25199WB1976PLC030532 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Tega Industries Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 08, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MEHUL MOHANKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND GROUP CEO, 
TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SYED YAVER IMAM – DIRECTOR, GLOBAL PRODUCT 
MANAGEMENT GROUP, TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ KUMAR AGARWAL – DIRECTOR, GLOBAL FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NACHIKET KALE – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Tega Industries Limited 
Q1 FY23 Results Conference call organized by Orient Capital. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nachiket Kale from Orient Capital. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Nachiket Kale: 
Hello and Good afternoon everybody. Welcome to the Q1 FY23 earnings 
conference call of Tega Industries Limited. Today on this call, we have Mr. 
Mehul Mohanka – Managing Director and Group CEO along with Mr. Syed 
Imam – Director, Global Product Management Group and Head of Sales, also 
accompanied by Mr. Manoj Kumar Agarwal – Director, Global Finance and 
Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we proceed in the call just a small disclaimer that the conference call 
may contain some forward-looking statements which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectation of the company as on the date of this call, the actual 
business may differ materially. A detailed safe harbor statement has also been 
given on the company’s investor presentation which was uploaded to the stock 
exchanges today. I would now like to hand over the call to the management. 
Mr. Mehul can you please take over.  
Mehul Mohanka: 
Thank you Nachiket. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all the 
participants in the call. I am joined today this afternoon by two of my 
colleagues Mr. Yaver Imam who is a Director - Global Product Management 
Group and Mr. Manoj Agarwal who is our CFO. I hope everyone by now has 
had an opportunity to go through our financial results and investor 
presentations which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on 
our website. We are happy to present the financial results of the first quarter of 
this financial year. This quarter was marked by a bleak global macro 
environment affected by the geopolitical issues in Europe, the recessionary 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
outlook in leading economies, the volatility in currencies and inflationary 
pressure on raw material.  
In unfavorable circumstances the underlying strength in our business is evident 
in our performance. On a year-on-year terms we have delivered double digit 
growth across all our key metrics. Since this is the first time that we are 
declaring our Q1 results after listing I would like to explain a crucial factor in 
our revenue pattern. As seen in our full year results published last quarter our 
revenues build up throughout the financial year starting from a moderate Q1 
and finishing higher in Q4. Hence the performance analysis of year-on-year 
versus quarter-on-quarter for our business will be more relevant.  
For the past few quarters, the disruption in supply chain coupled with rising 
fuel and commodity cost affected our margins. In Q1 there was some respite 
in logistics cost which has reduced since the last quarter. However, the costs 
are still higher than the normal prices from a pre COVID era and commodity 
inflations persists as well as raw material prices remained elevated.  
As a business we pass through any cost escalations to our customers with the 
lag of a few quarters. We are encouraged by the opportunities in front of us 
and have a strong pipeline with a robust order book of INR 3,004 million as of 
June 30th 2022 compared to INR 2,359 million as on March 31, 2022. We are 
committed to building a true home grown global power house in our industry. 
Now, I would like to hand over to Mr. Manoj Agarwal our CFO to take you 
through the financial performance of the company for the period under review.  
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: Thank you Mr. Mohanka and a very good afternoon to all the participants. I 
will share the highlights of our performance for the quarter following which 
we will be happy to respond to your queries. Company reported a total revenue 
from operation at Rs. 2,444 million delivering a strong growth of 41.1% YoY, 
material margin also improved by 200 bps sequentially from Quarter 4 of 
March 22 to the quarter of June 22. Hence, we have been able to pass through 
some of the price increase to our customers. Operating EBITDA stands at 461 
million and has almost doubled from Rs. 235 million in the corresponding 
quarter last year.  

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Operating EBITDA margin improved from 14% to 19% YoY showing 
improvement of 500 bps points on a YoY basis. The improvement of EBITDA 
is due to higher volume that resulting in better absorption of fixed cost also. 
Other expenses has gone up from 461 million last quarter last year to INR 588 
million in this quarter. Most of the growth on account of higher volumes only 
and some element of price as well. PAT has delivered a strong growth of 94% 
YoY and stands at 230 million INR from 118 million INR corresponding 
quarter. PAT margin is up from 7% to 9.5% an increase of 250 basis points. If 
I have been to exclude the non-operating income the PAT has gone up from 
3.33% to 10.77% on YoY basis. Now we can open the floor for the Q&A. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
My first question was on the value versus volume growth that you have seen 
in the first quarter and prices increases that you have taken we did see a very 
strong top line growth of 41%, so if you could just break it up to understand 
how much of price increase is taken and what will be realization increase is 
built in this number if any more price increases are yet to come through which 
could not be completely taken under this quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, out of this 41% actually there are three components. One is exchange side 
in the exchange we have lost about 3% YoY. And on the price side we take 
increase of around 13% to 14% of price side and the volume is about 30%.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And also if you could help us understand between your different segments mill 
liners and non-mill liners how the growth has been and within mill liners 
specifically DynaPrime range how that has grown in the quarter and if you can 
also give some qualitative perspectives which are the different geographies 
where you are seeing growth around any particular over category which is 
growing faster than the other, how do you see this number planning out for the 
year a qualitative perspective on the same please? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: On the three broad category which talked about DynaPrime mill segment and 
non DynaPrime mill segment and a non-mill segment. On DynaPrime side on 
absolute terms, we have grown about 157% which consists of volume about 
150% price 10% and exchange loss of 10%. Having said that just to put on 
record that if you can recall last year first quarter there were some challenges 
in Chile in supply chain side. So, there we have not been able to built up about 
15 crores of revenue so that is because the trajectory is showing very high in 
terms of growth DynaPrime in this quarter which will certainly normalized in 
the coming quarters. On the mill side non DynaPrime, we have grown about 
32% - again 18% is more of a business growth and 17% is about price growth. 
Non mill side we have grown 15% YoY i.e. 8% is about business growth and 
about 7% is a price growth in that.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Any perspective on the ore versus geography vs new customer addition that 
you can help us to understand how this growth can turn out for the financial 
year FY23? 
Syed Yaver Imam: 
As far as ore is concerned in the ore we are concentrating on copper and gold 
ore as we have right from the beginning from the IPO we have been informing 
that 75% is there. So, our focus is still on gold and copper and with iron ore as 
small portion of that. The process that we have put in as far as buildup of 
identifications, trials and turning it into a full mill as far as DynaPrime is 
concerned is going on across geographies earlier it was limited to LATAM 
now we are doing it across geography. We have also concentrated on the 
business development with putting someone actively involved with business 
development. So, our business development activity is very strong and some 
of the numbers which you are getting is because of the increase in the business 
development activity.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And last question what I have is on the logistics and on the capex cost logistics 
if you can I think in the previous call you have been pretty transparent in 
highlighting how this cost cannot be completely pass through, but as these cost 
will come down which we are seeing what kind of margin impact this has had 
in the current quarter and how much it can cool off to and also on the annual 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
capex number we had given overall guidance of 250 crores to 270 crores over 
a three year period so how much will you incur in the current financial year out 
of that? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: On the logistic side what we see that the peak which was in Quarter 3 last 
financial year from there it is on the downtrend when I say downtrend it has 
gone down at least by 20% - 22% from the peak, but still very high from the 
normalization rates what we had pre COVID levels. Yes that is a impact on our 
margin if you see the margin what we had in the March quarter from there we 
have able to build up about 200 plus basis point on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
So, normalization of logistic cost from the peak is giving some advantage to us 
in terms of overall margin increase and we still believe that this will go little 
further down as well. Having said that we do not know how China Taiwan 
issue will ramp up because that will may have again a big impact if it happens 
to be a kind of a disaster otherwise we believe that logistic cost going to be 
little more normalized in that sense. So, mix of normalization and passing 
through the customers will help us to take the margin to a level of 60% which 
is what we aspire for. On the capex side, we are still on the same kind of stand 
what we have taken in the last call. As of now on the Chile side we already 
acquired land having spent about 25 crores towards that and the rest of the year 
will be going to kind of spent on the capex side as planned and want to talk 
about 250 crores of capex plans for next three years which is still going to 
happen on a yearly basis most spent will happen in first two years and third 
year will be little lower.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhiral from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Dhiral: 
Sir if you can quantify the DynaPrime number for the quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: DynaPrime quantity of revenue is 453 million against 176 million 
corresponding quarter last year. 
Dhiral: 
And what about non DynaPrime mill liner and non-mill liners? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, let me breakdown for you so on the revenue side for the current year 
DynaPrime is 453 million, non DynaPrime mill liner is 1,389 million and non-
mill is 466 million.  
Dhiral: 
And sir gross margins if you compare on a YoY basis it is down 180 bps, so 
what explain the fall in the gross margins? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: What is down?  
Dhiral: 
The gross margins if I say gross margin on a YoY basis last year Q1 as 
compared to this year Q1 it is still on 180 bps? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: Yes so as I said that if you see the last year the price traction of the upward 
side started from Quarter 2 onwards. So, the price impact was not there in 
Quarter 1 last year and the price ramp up started from the Quarter 2. Hence if 
you see the trajectory of the margins, the margin started going down from 
Quarter 1 onwards until March last year and from March last year to this 
quarter we are again coming up gradually. So, that mean to say 60.42% was in 
Quarter 1 last year and March was 56.58 now we have come up to 58.70. So, 
in that sense we have been able to transfer the cost to the customers, but as we 
said it will take little longer time because of the very abnormal increase in 
prices. So, we are just coming through the 60% trajectory in the next one to 
two quarters.  
Dhiral: 
If I say sir on the other expense side on a quarter-on-quarter basis despite the 
fall in the revenue our other expense on Q1 has remained elevated? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, the other expenses mix of the fixed cost and your variable cost now the two 
elements if you see otherwise the inflationary environment is very big. So, all 
the inflation globally is very high. In fact, it is the other way round that inflation 
is double digit outside India which is the most cost prone countries that is 
impacted the cost in terms of other expenses and also some of the volumes are 
sitting there. So, in other ways we have been able to manage the inflation 
environment by keeping the cost at the same level what we had last quarter.  

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Dhiral: 
We are still maintaining our EBITDA margin guidance at 21% to 23% for the 
full year? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: You are right.  
Dhiral: 
Sir just lastly since our 85% to 90% of revenues export generated and we have 
seen rupee depreciating almost 5% to 6% in June quarter and then too we have 
reported exchange loss that you stated earlier, so what is the reason for that? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: In our numbers lot of exchanges are there. So, in the revenue what has 
happened that on the India side, dollar side we have gained about 20 million in 
revenue, but when we have translated the overseas revenue into INR there is a 
loss of about 75 million. So, Indian dollar side we have gained, but while we 
convert our revenue to INR we have lost about 75 million. So, hence 75 million 
loss and 20 million gain is making 55 million of net loss as far as revenue is 
concerned.  
Dhiral: 
Sir, which are the three major revenue sir in which we book our sell apart from 
dollar? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, India we have dollar then Euro, AUD & CAD and as far as our other entity 
is concerned which is Chile and South Africa that is in Peso, ZAR locally. So, 
we need to convert that into INR while we make our accounts. So, there is a 
transition loss of 75 million.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Balasubramanian from 
Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir our exports value growth source 50% and volume growth minus 27% as far 
EXIM and the major of exports in Australia around 44% and Netherland and 
South Africa and Canada and remaining other countries what kind of 
challenges, you are facing while transporting these countries right now, so what 
is the containers cost average it kind of 20,000 to 25,000 for foot increase 
containers? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: Let me try to answer because I think I am not able to clearly heard you because 
of line disturbance. So, when you talk about the challenges in exporting the 
material outside India so that challenges little bit eased out this financial year. 
So, even challenge was there last year also we have been able to plan in 
advance to ensure that our customer should not suffer and we have not failed 
any of the supply to any of our customer worldwide. Now from there things 
are much better as of today. As I said that the prices of containers has gone 
down by 22% from the peak of Quarter 3 last financial year. So, availability of 
containers even price both are on a downtrend trajectory, but again we are 
keeping a very close watch on that how it plan up.  
Balasubramanian: 
Sir it shows that 27% volume de-growth so you are exporting more value added 
products? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: When you say 27% volume you talk about quarter-on-quarter? 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes sir compared to last quarter? 
Manoj Kuamr Agarwal: So, that is what I think our MD initially said that if you have seen our March 
quarter results our is a lumpy business hence we ramp up from Quarter 1 to the 
Quarter 4. So, Quarter 1 tends to be lower and Quarter 4 tends to be higher as 
a business. So, hence comparing with the quarter-on-quarter may not give a 
good direction to you even you can compare YoY gives a better direction as 
far as our business is concerned.  
Balasubramanian: 
Yes I am talking about year-on-year compared to last year quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: Last quarter we have grown 41%.  
Balasubramanian: 
I am talking about the volume growth in exports? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, volume growth I said we have grown about 30% of volume growth YoY.  
Balasubramanian: 
Sir could you please give a breakup for Chile revenue DynaPrime under this? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, I think that much of revenue will just we are just going in very detail. The 
DynaPrime basically Chile what they do about close to about 80% to 85% in 
the new segment in DynaPrime about 15% they do in non DynaPrime segment.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Digant Haria from 
GreenEdge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
My question was I understand that most of our sales comes from the mining 
industry, but within mining if you can give some flavor of how much comes 
from copper, aluminum as in within non ferrous which are the major drivers 
and within each of them do we have major clients where we can still make in 
roads and ensure that our growth for future years is high? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, in our business basically you rightly said we deal with more of mining 
processing industries. So, on a metal side we deal majorly on the gold and 
copper side and gold is a major portion of our revenues tends to be 40% to 45% 
and then followed by copper which is a 20%-22% and third is about iron ore 
which is about 15%. These three are the major segment for our revenue driver 
and then rest of about I would say about 15%-20% comes from all set of metals, 
talk about platinum, titanium, diamond, zinc, aluminum so lot of metals are 
there, but the major contribution comes from gold and copper which is about 
65%.  
Digant Haria: 
I understand that in gold maybe we would be quite dominant because gold is 
anyways very small quantities are mined every year, but then in iron ore and 
aluminum I think that our market share in these metals would be very low 
because these are very large industries especially the iron ore and the 
aluminum, so is there any scope like is there much more scope than what were 
there in these industries or the products they use are different from the products 
that we have in case of mill liners for conveyor products? 
Yaver Imam: 
75% of the liner business is in copper and gold. The reason being that copper 
to mine one ton of copper you have to process around 200 tons of ore. In gold 
to get 10 grams of gold you have to process one ton of ore. So, what happens 
is if you look at iron ore and aluminum. Aluminum the total different industry 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
the process is different. As far as iron ore is concerned, iron ore today occurs 
at a very high grade around in India we have 67%-70% of the grade in globally 
in Brazil and all you have around 40%-45% there. So, they have to be enhanced 
from 45% to 67%. So, the mill requirements are much lesser over there 
compared to other industries. So, that is why our market share is also in gold, 
copper and then iron ore as Manoj said the reason being that the process 
requirement for the liners is accordingly.  
Digant Haria: 
And in gold and copper would we present with the top 10 or top 15 mining 
companies of the world like would we have inroads there or are there some big 
accounts which we can still crack in the coming years? 
Yaver Imam: 
As we had said right from the beginning in the IPO we are just touching this 
thing because the area which we are opened with DynaPrime it is a billion 
dollar industry as the liner industry for us and we have just started in that and 
we as Manoj said we did around 1 crore last year. So, there is a huge growth 
prospect going there and we are in present in all the top 40 miners of the world.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Alisha Mahawla from 
Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sir what is the capacity utilization currently? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, in this Quarter 1 we were at about 61% of our capacity utilization? 
Alisha Mahawla: 
For FY23 except the capex that we are doing actually there is no other capex 
that we are currently doing? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: Yes.  
Alisha Mahawla: 
And what was the order book number that you mentioned I missed it? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: We have about close to 300 crores order book. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And this is executable in one quarter three, four months? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: It is about close to four months.  

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And would you like to quantify based on the current demand also because you 
have said that currently the global environment is kind of bleak what is the 
kind of volume growth that the company can aspire for the current year? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, as we said that we are looking for 15% to 18% of CAGR in next 3 year to 
5 years, but the idea is always to surpass that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Bhavin Vithlani 
from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Could you help us on what has been the freight cost as a percentage of revenue 
and we were targeting to move significant part of our customers from CIF to 
FOB and where are we in that journey? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, our packing forwarding cost which was about close to. So, forwarding cost 
of about 8 plus percent, has come down close to about 7.25 percentage at 
standalone level because major freight is sitting in India as of now, and it has 
two impact. One is that the freight trade has gone down and the first quarter 
what we are saying that we have also been able to transfer some of the 
customers into FOB as well. So, overall, basically that gives us a advantage of 
50 basis points in this quarter.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sorry for this what was the freight rates pre the increase let us say in FY19-20? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, that was about close to about let us say 6.5%, 6% kind of thing. So, as we 
said last time that the gap was around 1.5% was coming. So, maybe we have 
been able to manage 50 basis point as of now we have still challenge of 1%.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
And we expect it to correct during the course of next financial year? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: So, the idea is to just see that how much we can pass on let us say about 25 bps 
points further and if some downtrend continue in the freight side that may help 
us to come to normalize and get it 1% by the year end that is a mix of both 
price correction and the price pass on both.  

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The second question is on the DynaPrime side we were roughly around 30 
million last year, could you give us a picture as to where our DynaPrime has 
gone in for various test and the customer has given us an approval, so if those 
approval were to be converted into the entire conversion by the customer, what 
could our revenue potential be over the next year or two from the DynaPrime 
given where the trails have been successful? 
Yaver Imam: 
I think there is a lot of forward-looking statement you want over there, but just 
to tell you what we have been maintaining right from the beginning that as far 
as DynaPrime is concerned we are going to grow at 30% CAGR for the next 
two-three years and if you look at the figures that is happening today we are 
on line with that.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
On the non-mill liner side we saw muted growth last year, could you just help 
us what was the key reason and what is the outlook that we are seeing 
currently? 
Yaver Imam: 
As far as non-mill growth is there Manoj has given the figure about the growth 
that we have done in the non based mill also. So, I think the trajectory of the 
growth is happening in all the three verticals which is DynaPrime even in non 
DynaPrime as well as the non-mills business.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The question was I mean the lower growth versus the other two categories in 
the non-mill liner segment, was there any specific reason why our growth was 
lower last year and why are we expecting the growth rates to move up? 
Yaver Imam: 
No there is no specific reason what we have done in this year I mean we have 
also taken out a vertical for non-mills to concentrate on that. So, I think over 
the next couple of quarters it will start I mean it is already start giving some 
results. The concentration on non-mill will also bring into that growth 
trajectory we are looking for in the other sector.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Just last question how is the profitability between the DynaPrime the 
conventional mill liners and the non-mill liner segment? 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: As we discussed last time also that as of now the margin in both the sides is 
more or less same. So, it is not something very differential margin in the 
DynaPrime mill liner and non DynaPrime mill liner. DynaPrime mill liner help 
us in create the volume in the business and idea is to just to give a push the 
DynaPrime in the market which will help us to clear the market and ultimately 
to focus on price increase. So, focus is basically today on the getting more 
market share with the fact that the price input cost has gone up abnormally high 
last year at least we have been able to pass through those prices as of now 
bearing 1% and 1.5% gap I mean that is what we are focusing on as of today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White 
Pine Investment Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
I just had a question how many sites you have right now in DynaPrime 
including trials in each? 
Yaver Imam: 
I think we should really go away with the number of site because what is 
happening if you see the revenue growth you have a very strong revenue 
growth that is basically on the process of trial and presentation in the various 
places. So, growth of site and growth of business both are going hand-to-hand. 
So, if you are looking at what is the percentage of growth we have there close 
to around that we have the growth in the number of sites over there. I would 
not like to really specifically go into the number of sites in this call. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
But could you share some color on the growth I understand you said 30% 
growth CAGR for next few years, but can you show some growth color so that 
we can understand will it back in 400? 
Yaver Imam: 
Right from the beginning, right from the IPO what we have been saying is the 
process that we are going through where we are introducing in different 
geographies the DynaPrime. As of now today we have non DynaPrime 
working in Africa, South Africa, Russia, in Australia, in Canada and USA we 
put in this thing. So, Latin America whatever has happened the results of that 
are being taken globally. In Latin America also, we are looking at getting into 
newer customers which are over there. So, as of now spread across globally we 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
have number of sites on which we are working and depending upon the 
customer and the process they are having number of sites will start coming into 
the picture which will reflect in both the order booking as well as the revenue 
growth that we will get from DynaPrime and looking at what has happened and 
is happening today and 30% CAGR is given what we are looking at in this year 
and the next couple of years.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
Question related to this if you are talking about 30% CAGR DynaPrime then 
why you are having the low guidance for 15%-18% for next few years? 
Yaver Imam: 
DynaPrime has a low base so what is happening if you multiply the base of 
DynaPrime with the other basis which is growing at different trajectory then 
you will get the cumulative at 17%-18%.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
I asked you that non-DynaPrime revenue has been growing reasonable 
number? 
Yaver Imam: 
That is what he is thinking if you look at finally when we look at DynaPrime 
is out shaping the growth in all the other categories and has a lower base. Once 
the base comes to the same level probably DynaPrime will drive this thing, but 
as far as accumulated growth is concerned of all the categories then you get 
that thing based on 30% growth of DynaPrime.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Keval Ashar from DSP 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead.  
Keval Ashar: 
What is our right to win in hybrid mill liners compared to the ones 
manufactured by our global peers? 
Yaver Imam: 
Can you repeat your question please? 
Keval Ashar: 
Sir, what is our right to win in hybrid mill liners compared to the ones 
manufactured by our global peers? 
Yaver Imam: 
I mean again right from the IPO we are saying if you look at the hybrid liner 
with our DynaPrime ranges there are two categories of the hybrid one is the 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
ball mill and the SAG mill. In SAG mill area as of now with a body of work 
the only creditable supplier is us. So, our basic is disruption of this thing 
compared to the steel liners how the steel liners are working and what values 
we are delivering. Other peers are in the hybrid category they have to design 
and establish their product before they come up to the level that we are there. 
So, most of them are close to around two to three years behind us.  
Keval Ashar: 
And the second question is you mentioned 30% growth in DynaPrime for the 
next few years of that 30% how much would be volume growth? 
Yaver Imam: 
I am talking about volume growth only.  
Keval Ashar: 
So, then how much would be the increase in realization year-on-year for 
DynaPrime? 
Yaver Imam: 
I mean that again will be a little difficult to say because the pricing, costing 
freight everything what is happening is a very fluid kind of a situation every 
year. We are right from the beginning we have told that we intend to keep the 
margins as close to 60% as possible and that is what we are going to do and 
depending upon year-to-year how the cost as well as logistic cost can be passed 
on we will be doing that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Khadija Mantri from 
Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Khadija Mantri: 
My question is that in our portfolio is everything manufactured in house or do 
we have some imported components as well? 
Manoj Kumar Agarwal: No everything is in house manufacturing.  
Khadija Mantri: 
Sir who all are our competitors and is it possible to quantify the market share? 
Yaver Imam: 
We have already as far as the Red Herring prospectus was there we had already 
given the market share as well as who are our major competitors. Major 
competitor is Metso in DynaPrime range where we had on with Steel Liner, 
Select Metals, Bradken  these are these and as far as the global market share is 

 
Tega Industries Limited  
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
concerned for mill liners we are inching to number four as far as the market 
share is concerned. 
Khadija Mantri: 
And sir there has not been any change given the global headwind there is no 
change in the market share? 
Yaver Imam: 
We are talking about the report which is a year old so not major shift will occur 
in a year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time this will be the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nachiket Kale for closing comments. 
Over to you sir.  
Nachiket Kale: 
Thanks to all participants who asked question on this call, we thank everybody 
to spare their time and come today. I would also like to thank the management 
for taking all the questions and providing their insights. For any other queries 
you can get in touch with Orient Capital, Investment Relation Advisors for 
Tega Industries. Please take care everybody, have a nice day. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tega Industries that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
