0 
Krsnad 
D I A G N O S T I C s® 
LET'S DO GOOD ... ® 
Date: 12th August, 2022 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Service Department 
1st Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip ID: KRSNAA 
Scrip Code: 543328 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 3rd Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, 'G' Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: KRSNAA 
Series: EQ 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Call conducted on 05th August, 2022. 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call conducted on 05th 
August, 2022. 
Request you to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Nikhil Deshpande 
Company Secretary 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Ltd. (Formerly known as Krsnaa Diagnostics Pvt. Ltd.) 
S.No. 243/A, Hissa No. 6, CTS No. 4519, 4519/1, Near Chinchwad Station,
Chinchwad, Taluka - Haveli, Pune, MH - 411019 (India)
020 29780210 / 11 / 12 I info@krsnadiagnostics.com CIN : L74900PN2010PLC138068
www.krsnaadiagnostics.com I I rn I ti I im I r.;i 

 
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited  
Q1 FY2023 Conference Call 
August 05, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJENDRA MUTHA - CHAIRMAN & WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR
MS. PALLAVI BHATEVARA - MANAGING DIRECTOR
MR. YASH MUTHA - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. PAWAN DAGA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
ANALYST:
MR. BHARAT CELLY - EQUIRUS SECURITIES

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Krsnaa Diagnostics Q1 
FY23 Earnings conference call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an  operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat 
Celly from Equirus Securities Private Limited, thank you and over to you sir. 
Bharat Celly:   
Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Krsnaa Diagnostics Q1 
FY23 earnings call hosted by Equirus Security. On the call today we have the 
presenting Krsnaa Diagnostic Management: Mr. Rajendra Mutha - Chairman 
Ms. Pallavi Bhatevara, -Managing Director, Mr. Yash Mutha - Executive 
Director, and Mr. Pawan Daga - Chief Financial Officer. To start with, I will 
request the management team to make some opening comments and then we 
will open the floor for question. Yash, over to you. 
Yash Mutha:  
Sure. Thank you Bharat. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Krsnaa 
Diagnostics, Q1 FY2023 earnings call and thank you all for joining us today. 
We have already circulated our earnings presentation, which is available on 
our website, as well as the stock exchange website. I hope you all have had the 
opportunity to go through the presentation.  
To start with from an industry perspective, the Indian healthcare industry was 
at the epicenter during the pandemic, which highlighted the importance of 
developing a robust healthcare infrastructure in India. Similarly, the need for 
high quality and affordable diagnostic services was clearly visible, as it is an 
integral part of the healthcare industry, which plays an imperative role in 
diagnosis, assessing disease and plays a major role in the treatment, 
management and even prevention of diseases.  
Today, the Indian diagnostic market is valued at $10 billion and projected to a 
CAGR of 14% in the next five years, with COVID-19 behind us, there are 
other key fundamental drivers of diagnostic industry, such as large population 
of 1.3 billion people, rising per capita income, allowing increased affordability 
and need to access better healthcare services, emergence of lifestyle diseases, 
and increase awareness of preventive health checkups. Overall, looking at 
India demographics, there is a vast and underpenetrated market of diagnostic 
services, which offers an immense opportunity to both, organized and 
unorganized players and we are seeing new entrants in the market, which is 
good as it establishes the marketplace.  
Furthermore, recognizing the importance of making diagnostic services 
affordable, the government and various states are continuously evaluating PPP 
or public private partnerships as a viable and best alternative to provide high 
quality diagnostic services at affordable rates to the masses.  
Today, Krsnaa is a leader in the public private partnership diagnostic space, 
and we are proud to have expanded our presence in the last five years making 
high quality diagnostic services affordable and available to the remotest 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
corners of the country. We are well positioned to serve our patients and we see 
tremendous runway ahead to build upon on a solid foundation.  
With this backdrop, I am pleased to inform that Krsnaa Diagnostics started the 
new fiscal year on a strong note with 4 new tender wins during the quarter in 
the state of Rajasthan, Maharashtra and we have now entered into new 
geography of Delhi and Tripura. We are also proud to announce that we have 
got the mega tender in the state of Maharashtra, which required Krsnaa to 
deploy 31 CT scans and operate 8 government installed CT scans across 39 
government hospitals. We were already present in Maharashtra at more than 
400+ locations through the X-Ray accelerated radiology project and with the 
new CT scan project, it will help us further consolidate our market positioning 
in the entire state.  
If you look at the asset deployment schedule, Krsnaa needs to deploy around 
41 CT scans, 2 MRIs, set up 24 labs, and 190 collection centers under the 
various contracts excluding those that were covered in the RHP. Presently, the 
agreement execution process has been initiated on all these projects and the 
implementation of these equipments is expected to be completed over the 
course of next 9 to 12 months and the contributions can be expected from the 
next year onwards.  
We are progressively expanding our presence and during the quarter we have 
added 6 radiology centers, 58 tele-reporting centers, 3 pathology labs, and 27 
collection centers. As of today, Krsnaa is a leading PPP diagnostic player with 
113 radiology centers, 1,439 tele-reporting centers, 53 processing labs, and 613 
pathologic collection centers.  
The implementation of the remaining centers is on track. However, there have 
been some regulatory and procedural delays in operationalizing these centers. 
We expect all the centers mentioned in the RHP to be operationalized by the 
end of the third quarter of this current fiscal.  
Coming to the financial performance during the quarter, 
In Q1 FY2023, Krsnaa’s core business of radiology and pathology, registered 
Revenues of Rs. 113 crores, a growth of 10.5% on a year-on-year basis, and 
6% on a sequential basis. This was practically a non-COVID quarter and the 
COVID revenue declined to a mere 0.3 crores compared to 30 crores in the 
comparative quarter in the previous year.  
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 28 crores with margins of 25% and 
net profit of Rs. 14 crores with margins of 12.6%. The EBITDA margins were 
slightly lower compared to the previous quarter due to the additional costs 
incurred for onboarding team to operate and run the newly launched centers. 
The margins are expected to improve in the upcoming quarter with the maturity 
of these centers.  
On the B2C side of the business, we are pleased to announce that we have 20 
franchisees that have been implemented in the state of Maharashtra and the 
new model is now taking shape. Our rate list have also been finalized and the 
official press release will be made during this month by our COO, Dr. Ravinder 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Sethi. All details regarding the rates, the go-to-market strategy will be 
disclosed in the press release to be done in this month.  
On the pathology front as well, we have expanded our test menu to support 
retail customer needs across 10 labs in two states, namely, Punjab and 
Maharashtra. We would like to also inform that we will be launching our 
Center of Excellence in Genomics in the month of September. As of now, all 
the required validations and the regulatory compliance have been completed.  
On the technology front, we are also implementing the latest CRM for one of 
the leading vendors, and the implementation is expected to be completed by 
the end of this month. This will help create efficient, automated business 
processes to increase productivity, as well as provide the team with relevant 
data points to enhance customer engagement with an overall aim to improve 
the customer experience and satisfaction.  
Looking ahead, we are focused on timely implementation of the project, which 
would also augment step-up growth coupled with maturing of basically 
launched centers and the further expansion of B2C business. With all these 
initiatives underway, we are confident that Krsnaa is well positioned to meet 
its annual targets and become one of the fastest growing diagnostic chains in 
India.  
Before I hand over the call to cover to Pawan discuss the financial performance 
in details, I would like to throw light on the recent income tax search related 
matter and clarify the rumors which have been circulating in various media 
articles.  
The Income Tax Department in the last month conducted a search under the 
powers conferred to them under Section 132 of the Income Tax Act 1961 at 
the premises of the holding company, as well as various other locations. The 
holding company has provided and will continue to provide all possible 
assistance to the officials and has furnished all the required explanations, 
information and clarifications as currently required or requested by the 
department.  
The income tax authorities have not yet concluded the assessment and there is 
no income tax claim or demand made by the tax authorities yet in relation to 
the search. Krsnaa continues to operate in the normal course of business and 
there are no interruptions.  
In last week, it came to our notice, there were certain media articles making 
false and baseless allegations of Krsnaa accepting the undisclosed income. 
None of these allegations mentioned in the media articles are borne out of any 
regulatory documents served on us. The remark about undisclosed income is 
not only inaccurate, but also baseless. Furthermore, the revenue numbers 
circulated in the news report for 31st March 2019 and 31st March 2021, are 
highly inaccurate and misleading.  
As stated earlier, the authorities have not yet completed their assessment and 
therefore, no demand has been served upon us and consequently, no demands 
have been accepted by us. We are committed to maintain the highest standards 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
of corporate governance and reassure all our stakeholders that Krsnaa conducts 
its business with utmost integrity and sincerity.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pawan Daga, our Chief Financial Officer 
to discuss the financial performance. Over to you Pawan. 
Pawan Daga:   
Thank you Yash. A very good evening to all the attendees. I will present 
financial highlight for the quarter ended June 2022.  
In the first quarter, the company registered a Total Revenue of Rs. 113 crores, 
an increase of 4.3% on a substantial basis from Rs. 108 crores in Q4 FY22. 
The growth is led by our core business comprising of radiology and pathology, 
which registered revenue growth of 10.5% on a year-on-year basis and 5.9% 
on a sequential basis. The COVID-19 revenue declined from Rs. 31 crores in 
Q1 FY22 and Rs. 2 crores in previous quarter to Rs. 0.3 crores in Q1 FY23.  
Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 28 crores flat compared to the 
previous quarter. EBITDA margins were 25.1% in Q1 FY23, slightly lower 
compared to 26.2% in previous quarter. The EBITDA margins were impacted 
due to additional cost incurred for onboarding a team to operate and run the 
newly launched centers. The margins are expected to improve in upcoming 
quarter with the maturity of the centers.  
Profit after tax for Q1 FY23 was Rs. 14 crores with the margin of 12.6% for 
the quarter.  
During the quarter, we have incurred a CapEx of around Rs. 20 crores towards 
operationalizing new center.  
In terms of our segment contribution, radiology was the largest contributor 
with 52%, tele-reporting contributed 10% and the pathology contributed 38% 
to the total revenue.  
The total test volume grew by 51% to 5.42 million, with the radiology, tele-
reporting, pathology seeing a strong growth of 18%, 137% and 78% 
respectively. During the quarter, the number of patients count excluding Tele-
reporting increased by 4.3% quarter-on-quarter and the revenue per patient 
remains stable at around Rs. 965. The increasing awareness of a Krsnaa’s high 
quality services offering at a disruptive prices is driving the test and the patient 
count.  
Thank you. We can now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. 
If you wish to remove your cellphone to question queue, you may press star 
and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment when the question queue 
assembles. The first question comes from the line of Prashil Shah from Capital 
square, please go ahead. 
Prashil Shah:   
Thank you. So, we have seen good growth on the number of patients timed 
about 50%, but we are not seeing anything close to that number in terms of 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
revenue growth. Majority of the growth in patients was driven by pathology 
and tele-reporting. So I mean, what is happening with the realization with tele-
reporting, quarter-after-quarter we are seeing drop in realization per patient on 
per test basis. So, when do we see this bottoming out? What is our take on 
these realizations, especially the tele-reporting side? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, basically, if you see the tele-reporting side, the reason why the realization 
is lower compared to the previous quarter is because one of the projects that 
we had, which was Assam, which we rebuilt when it came for re-tendering and 
we had quoted a lower rate because the investments that we already had made 
were recovered and this allowed us to continue extending the revenue and that 
is one of the reasons why the realization is a bit lower. 
Prashil Shah:   
So, how much of an impact would that particular project in Assam would have 
caused for the realizations to come down so sharply quarter-on-quarter? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, if you see out of the total tele-reporting project, Assam has a significant 
contribution in terms of number of centers as well as the revenue and volumes 
as well and that is why it has been able to drag the price per realization. 
Prashil Shah:   
Okay, and just to come, just wanted you to reiterate, so what was the reason 
for quoting lower in the Assam project? 
Yash Mutha:   
So first of all, the Assam project, as I mentioned earlier, we had successfully 
run and almost completed the tenure of the contract, which was five years and 
post that, when it came to rebidding, there was a condition that the bidder 
should either match with the lowest rate that was offered and that is why we 
had to quote the prices. Now, if you consider the investment is almost 
negligible. We do not have to do any investment, but we continue to generate 
revenues from the same equipment that we had deployed earlier. So, from an 
overall return perspective, from an overall financial metrics perspective, it was 
an act to continue with this project even at lower prices, because the 
investments have already been recovered in the earlier tenure of the contract. 
And we see a good quarter-on-quarter volume growth in the Assam state 
specifically in this project of tele-reporting. 
Prashil Shah:   
So, can I infer from this that the competition is rising in this tele-reporting 
business or maybe especially in the Assam project. 
Yash Mutha:   
No, if you see across various other projects of tele-reporting that we have, we 
have different prices ranging from 50 to even 120 or 150. It depends on state 
to state. In this particular case for the state of Assam, there was a requirement 
that the bidder has to match with the lowest rate and that is what we had 
offered, considering especially that there is no investment required to be done 
to extend or continue with this contract. So, if it had been a new tender, of 
course, prices across various states for X-Ray tele-reporting are different, and 
they are considering the investments we have to make and overall return ratios 
and accordingly the prices have been quoted. 
Prashil Shah:   
Okay, and just a last follow up on this. So, given that now we have extended a 
contract at these new prices, how do we see these realizations bouncing back? 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Will they sort of go up from 85 per patient or how do we see this bouncing 
back. 
Yash Mutha:   
So, what has happened is, Assam being a very stable project, which is 
continuously driving the volumes, the other tele-reporting projects, for 
example, if you see we have tele-reporting in Jammu, we have in Maharashtra, 
we have in UP. As these tele-reporting projects start maturing, the overall 
aggregate revenue per patient will increase because some of these other 
projects have a higher rate and that will help us also increase the realization 
per patients going forward. Like Maharashtra, we have almost 400 plus 
centers, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu. When all these projects start maturing, 
Maharashtra is the latest one, which was added, as it starts maturing, we will 
definitely push the realization per patient going onwards. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jainil Shah from JM 
Financials, please go ahead. 
Jainil Shah:   
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, with Maharashtra center 
getting operationalized in 2Q, which is supposed to be a major contributor, 
how should we look at quarterly run rate thereafter or maybe you can help us 
with what could be our exit rate by 4Q? 
Yash Mutha:   
If you refer to Maharashtra project, are you referring to the new tender that we 
won? 
Jainil Shah:   
No, I am referring to the RHP projects? So, with Maharashtra centers getting 
operationalized in 2Q, it's supposed to be our major contributor. So then, how 
should we look at our quarterly revenue run rate thereafter? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yeah, so these Maharashtra projects, especially the ones that are covered in the 
RHP, as they get activated, they should be able to contribute close to almost 
about 60 lakh rupees across these four CT scan centers that we have had, which 
will continue to add to our quarterly revenue. 
Jainil Shah:   
Okay, my second question is on the recent contracts that we have won. Have 
we factored those in our 2X revenue growth guidance? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, when we had quoted the 2X growth, those were not considered. We had 
considered certain centers that we will win.  Of course, with the addition of 
these contracts in our portfolio, it gives us the confidence that the guidance 
will be achieved by the end of the next year. 
Jainil Shah:  
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chinmaya Bhargava from 
LSB Capital, please go ahead. 
Chinmaya Bhargava:   
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. So my first question is, 
you spoke about how in Assam when we retendered the contract, we quoted 
lower prices, but I want to discuss this because it looks like this is a trend across 
other tenders that we have bid for. For example, in the Tripura contract that we 
won in June, it looks like we bid almost half the price compared to the next 
highest bidder, which was Apollo in this case and in the Indra Gandhi tender 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
also we bid almost twice as much as the next player. So, could you tell me why 
the gap in the prices that we quoted have been this large?  
Yash Mutha:   
I think that is not the right statement. If I could just give another example of a 
similar tender, Andhra Pradesh, where we had bid, initially it was 33. When it 
came for retendering, we have almost quoted close to 60 rupees. Likewise, 
even the Tripura, it is almost higher than the existing Assam rate. So, wherever 
depending on the investment, we always price or quote the rate and accordingly 
the pricing is done. Now particularly in the case of Assam, the reason as I 
mentioned because authorities wanted us to match with the lowest rate given 
that the investment was not to be made. That is how we have done. If you also 
see in the history as well, there have been other projects where we priced higher 
than what was the existing rate. So, it all depends on what is the kind of 
investment that is required? Of course, we have to also consider the 
competition, and based on all the various factors then the rates are quoted. 
Chinmaya Bhargava:   
I know Rajasthan government, wants to offer free diagnostics, and has put up 
a tender for about 3000 centers across 33 districts. I know we have bid for this, 
but could you tell me if we bid for the entire contract or a portion of this and 
when we will know updates to this particular tender? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yes, that is one of the tenders that Krsnaa has bid for and for the entire state 
for all the 3,000 centers. We are also equally waiting to see when the overall 
technical evaluations will be completed and the financials bids will be opened 
up. As of now, we are equally waiting to hear the results and we are hopeful 
that we should be able to win this contract. 
Chinmaya Bhargava:   
Why are we hiring senior executives and mergers and acquisition? Are we 
looking at an acquisition in the health tech space? 
Yash Mutha:   
I am sorry, we have not been looking for any candidacy merger and 
acquisitions. 
Moderator:   
Next question comes from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital, please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
Thank you for taking my question. Yash on the Punjab contract, when do we 
see the full impact of the implementation coming through in the numbers? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yeah. So, just to give you a bit of color there, Punjab, when we had started the 
operations of installations in October last or December, we were hopeful to get 
the implementation done within Q1 of this year. With our past experience, this 
is a normal time it takes, but in Punjab there have been certain operational 
delays, procedural delays, including getting the sites from the authorities. At 
various locations, the sites are complete, but the electricity connections are yet 
to be given by the government. So, there have been these procedural delays 
that have impacted and we are earnestly putting our efforts to ensure that all 
these centers get live, which will help us basically then start augmenting the 
revenues from these centers. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
So, do you have a timeline in mind by the end of this financial constitute. 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Yash Mutha:   
So, basically, our target is to get all the projects completed by September. 
There might be few locations, which might extend into Q3 of this year, but 
almost majority of them will be completed by end of September. The locations 
which are on the border side of our territory in India, where we are getting in 
some procedural delays to site readiness and other things, so that is why we 
expect that it may for a third quarter, otherwise we are targeting that to be 
completed in the Q2 itself. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
If you can help us remind what is the full potential of this contract of entire 
radiology plus pathology contract in Punjab. At peak, what kind of revenue it 
can do on a quarterly basis? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, the entire Punjab, both radiology and pathology, if on an annualized basis 
with all these centers up in line, we are expecting almost about 100 odd crores 
of revenue, and majority of this revenue, if you see today is all cash, just to 
give you a quick run rate, we have started off with just a mere 50 lakhs on a 
quarterly basis, it has almost gone up to three crores per month, and the revenue 
run rate keeps on building and all the revenue that we have booked till date, is 
all cash with no credit from the government. So, that is one area of opportunity 
for us as soon as whenever the authorities or government in Punjab also clears 
that, we will also be able to build upon the credit revenue as at the same time 
we are ramping up our cash revenues today, which currently the entire Punjab 
revenue is purely cash. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
So, by Q4 in, it should be expected that Punjab pretty close to 24 crores and 
quarterly revenue should be more or less in similar lines or will take some more 
time. 
Yash Mutha:   
No, so I think by Q4 all the centers should be up and running and we are equally 
working towards it so that, like how Pawan mentioned, by September is what 
we have kept a target except for few centers, which might slip into Q3 of this 
year. Q4, definitely we will see all the centers up and running. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
How much time it will take me to pick up peak revenue of this 100 crores 
annual? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, I think once all the centers are, if I say all the centers are operational today, 
normally it takes about six months for them to start ramping up and getting the 
matured level of revenue. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
So, sometimes if not before peak revenue will be reached in last quarter of next 
year? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yes, definitely. So, the center which is operationalized in Q2 of last year, now, 
they are generating a huge scans. Scan count per month is already reached 
around 700 and 800 per month kind of level. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
Secondly, apart from the Punjab contract, over the next few quarters, if you 
can just help us understand, how many more installations can we be probably 
doing over through the course of FY23? 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Yash Mutha:   
Sure. So, currently, we have Himachal Pradesh the pathology lab setup that we 
are currently doing across the entire state of Himachal Pradesh. Then we have 
the Delhi center coming up for a CT scan. We also have Rajasthan, one CT 
scan coming in Churu and after that we also have Chandigarh as well and eight 
CT scans in UP as well. Chandigarh, one MRI is coming up excluding the 
Maharashtra, which has almost about 39 locations that has to be implemented. 
So all these projects are also parallelly being executed as we speak. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
And by when all of these thought projects in your assessment, be completely 
executed, whatever you have won so far. 
Yash Mutha:   
Yeah, so all these projects that we won, if we consider, HP is something that 
we are targeting to complete by the next two quarters. Delhi, hopefully should 
be done in the next couple of months. Rajasthan as well and Maharashtra is the 
large project, that will probably take about six to nine months of time 
considering it is a large project.  So most of these projects that we won we 
would ensure that they get completed within the next two quarters. 
Nitin Agarwal:  
Asides our Punjab contract, what would be peak revenue of all the other new 
contract that you will incrementally commercialize, if you can give a rough 
sense on that. 
Yash Mutha:  
So it will be as of now, they are in different implementation phase, it will be 
difficult to quote this, but if we just take an approximate value it should be 
adding up to almost 100 crores of additional revenue,.  
Nitin Agarwal:   
So 100 crores of Punjab and another 100 crores from the incremental revenue 
from non-Punjab contract from all these projects? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yes, which is like a baseline that we are expecting from all these additional 
projects that we've undertaken. 
Nitin Agarwal:   
And the possibility should be in line of what we are doing?  
Yash Mutha:   
Yes. 
Moderator:   
The next question is on the line of Chetan Phalke from Alpha stocks, please go 
ahead. 
Chetan Phalke:   
Hi, thanks for a great set of numbers, especially on volumes.  I just wanted to 
ask about the performance excluding COVID and excluding Assam, both on 
the volume, revenue and margin side and then also what is the plan for the non-
PPP business so the business with private hospitals and B2C business, what's 
the plan for that? 
Yash Mutha:   
Sure.  So, you wanted to get a sense on the overall volume that we have done 
excluding the COVID, right?   
Chetan Phalke:   
Yes and excluding Assam. 
Yash Mutha:   
We'll try to get the data, in the meanwhile, if I just talk about the radiology 
volumes there we have MRI for example has grown almost 114% year on year.  
CT scan is almost about 2%. 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Chetan Phalke:   
No, the second question was about the non-PPP business, so the business with 
private hospitals and the B2C business, so business with direct consumers. 
Yash Mutha:   
So, on the private hospital front, currently we have signed up with almost two 
such hospitals where the agreements are done and we are about to do the 
installation. On the B2C side, that is where I discussed earlier we have 
established 20 franchises in the state of Maharashtra, we are now rolling up the 
model across two states of Maharashtra and Punjab in the first phase and then 
Rajasthan and Himachal Pradesh in the second phase. So basically there we 
will be establishing franchise centers and these will be formally announced 
through press release where COO Dr. Ravinder Sethi will be providing more 
details about the entire B2C market as well as the go-to-market strategy that 
we have. 
We will come back on the question on volume once we have the data. 
Moderator:   
Thank you and the next question comes from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari 
from Reliance General Insurance, please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
Could you just elaborate about the Rajasthan tender and what could be the 
entire tender size and all, because I believe the state of Rajasthan is actually 
releasing it as district wise and not as a full state tender, right? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yeah, so in Rajasthan, this particular tender is about 3,500 collection centers 
and it's a large tender in terms of the size we are looking at between 200 crores 
to 300 crores of revenue that we can expect on an annual basis and of course 
Rajasthan as a state is supportive of PPP in terms of the experience that we've 
had.  So, we are hopeful you know that if this comes into our kity that will also 
be a good win for us. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
Just a clarification question. When somebody comes in at the center, I mean in 
the state of Rajasthan or could be like any other state, for example Bombay 
overall.  So the billing what we do, is to the state government or B2C billing 
to the consumer directly. 
Yash Mutha:   
If it's a credit patient, the patient comes in, the patient will avail the necessary 
tests or scans, after the tests are being done, the report along with the document 
is then submitted to the NHM authorities, which is National Health Mission 
and they along with the state will release the payment.  Like in the case of 
Punjab PPP, where the collection is done directly from the patient, where the 
patient comes, avail the services and pays in cash.  So, there are both these 
models, which are currently working in the PPP model. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
So, basically, is there a distinction between the states or as it like case to case 
basis. 
Yash Mutha:  
It depends on the tender to tender some of the tenders they clearly declared that 
the cash has to be collected directly from the patient, but most of our portfolio 
of the project is where NHM and the state basically reimburses us the services 
that we have provided to the patients. 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
So, basically, if I want to understand how much of our revenue be currently 
like from the tenders, where you’re are billing directly and how much is 
coming by NHM? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, if you consider our revenues, 70% of our revenues in form of credit 
revenues, where these are coming from the NHM and the state combination. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
Okay, that is where I think your debtor days comes into picture right.  So, have 
you seen any kind of changes in those debtor days, I mean any kind of credit 
losses are happening and all, something? 
Yash Mutha:   
No, so if you see, in fact in the last quarter, we had one of the best recoveries 
with our debtor days coming down to almost 46 and also there have been  
various changes happening from a policy perspective at the government level 
as well, where there have been guidelines issued from the Central Ministry to 
various state governments to ensure that the payments of PPP partners are 
made on time, there are clauses wherein, like in Punjab, we have an Escrow 
account, where government will be passing funds for credit patients, which we 
can withdraw.  So, there are various of these mechanisms that have been put 
in place to support the PPP partner receiving their claims.  Having said that, 
there are of course procedural delays, which is part of our business, but as of 
now, we have not seen any exceptional trends that are affecting our 
receivables. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari:   
Last question, in terms of what should now with the normalised growth, 
because I mean, as you mentioned, there has been a reset in case of Assam and 
even in case of Tripura also it has come for the reset for your tele reporting.  
So, I mean, when you say 2x of the revenue and 3x in the in the profit.  So, 
how much should we look at as like-to-like and how much should be coming 
in as a result of the expansion?  I mean, we are growing faster and if we see as 
a number of installation base what we have currently probably, we will have 
1.5x in terms of installation and probably more than that in terms of our 
collection centers in radiology and in the pathology side.  So, I mean how do 
we project the realizations as a mix of volumes and value growth, because I 
think the competition is very heavy and we are also trying to get into the B2C 
which is again a very severe competitive market and probably over there we 
really don't know what kind of pricing discipline is going to happen.  So, if I 
want to understand that when you say 2x growth, how much will be coming in 
from as a format of volume growth from the centers, which are in operation as 
of 31st March, 2021 and later on. 
Yash Mutha:   
So, if I could just basically answer that question how much do we expect from 
existing centers to contribute to the growth.  We are expecting about 20% to 
25% growth of our existing base excluding the new projects, that we will be 
adding as we go along.  So, the 2x guidance that we have given was a 
combination of both our existing centers and new projects that we have 
undertaken, because they will have a higher growth rate compared to the 
mature centers, which will be growing at their own pace and combination of 
these two elements is what we are confident of achieving the 2x by the end of 
two years. 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator:   
Next question comes from the line of Ritesh Parikh  from Absolute Advisor. 
Ritesh Parikh:   
Thanks for the opportunity. Can you please guide on the Maharashtra new 
contract that we have win this quarter? So what is the kind of capex and by 
when we would be able to deploy and potential revenue from this contract? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, basically this Maharashtra tender that we have, one, it required us to install 
31 new CT scans and operate eight government owned CT scans.  So, the capex 
outlay that we have budgeted is in the range of about 65 to 70 odd crores, which 
will be taken in terms of installation for across all these locations. And in terms 
of revenue, I think from a mature perspective, we should expect almost about 
70 odd crores to start up as the annualized revenue across all these centers. 
Ritesh Parikh:   
By when it will able to deploy and operationalize it? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, we are targeting almost 9 months to 12 months for the entire project to go 
live, given that these are across the state at various remote locations.  So, it will 
take about 9 months to 12 months to get the entire project operationalized. 
Ritesh Parikh:   
Okay.  Again, in terms of this Punjab contract, which we are won last year, and 
it is in the roll-out phase and we are facing some amount of delay over there.  
So, will there be any penal clause or so we will be losing our opportunity of 
the contract period what was given to us? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, basically if you see typically the way the setup works is, once we win the 
contract, the government has to allocate the space to us then we go and start 
setting up the equipments and then basically the center gets operationalized. 
So in Punjab, most of the delays have happened, first because there was a 
change of government with the Aam Aadmi Party coming up and they being 
the government, so that led to certain delays, after that when they came over, 
the new team members to understand the project and then basically allocate 
the required spaces took time.  So from that perspective, it does not really 
impact or there are not any penal consequences, because it is not just entirely 
upon us for the delays equally the authorities have to allocate the space first 
and then only we can do the implementation, like even the electricity 
challenges that we are seeing at some of the centers is where the onus is on the 
authorities to provide us electricity to a certain point after which it is our 
responsibility.  So, from that perspective we don't see any penalties being 
levied on to us. 
Ritesh Parikh:   
Lastly, on this Rajasthan has this large tender, can you just throw some light 
on the competition intensity, how many bidders are there and how many 
districts they will be allocating multiple tenders or how the situation will be 
like? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, the Rajasthan tender initially when it had come out, they were into the 
smaller and we had just couple of bidders, this time we have about six to seven 
bidders, both small and large.  So of course, it is highly competitive process as 
we understand and considering that the 3,000s collection centers that to be 
deployed across the entire state, so, certainly it is a project, which everyone 
would want to back and we're also equally looking to see how this unfolds in 
the next couple of months. 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator:   
Thank you.  Next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometrics. 
Manoj Dua:   
Sir, I missed how much capex is required for the lease on Maharashtra tender. 
Yash Mutha:   
For Maharashtra we are expecting about 65 to 70 odd crores for the 
Maharashtra tender. 
Manoj Dua:   
Okay, and you were planning something tie up with the machine suppliers per 
scan model. Any progress on that? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, yes, for this particular project, we are exploring the paper scan model or 
you know basically where the equipment vendors will supply us the equipment 
and we don't have to deploy our capital.  So, the conversations are already 
going on with the vendor.  In fact, even from the vendor's perspective, it's a 
large order for them.  So currently, all the vendors who basically fit with the 
requirements of the tender are having discussions with us and will probably 
choose the best alternative out of it and go ahead with the process. 
Manoj Dua:   
Okay, thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator:   
Thank you.  The next question comes from the line of Shiv Prasad from Tara 
Capital Partners, please go ahead. 
Shiv Prasad:   
Good evening Yash.  My first question is with respect to the revenue, as you 
said that, you are still sticking with 2x for the next year? Just wanted to know, 
this year as early as it was seen somewhere around 30% to 50% expected 
growth, but as you said that the Punjab contract there were delays. So, wanted 
to know that do we still stick with that timeline for this year and if not, what 
was your expectations? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, earlier of course, when it started off with the Punjab project, we were 
confident of achieving 30% to 40% growth.  But with these delays that 
happened in Punjab, you know, that is where we recalibrated the growth to 
almost about over to 20% to 25%.  Having said that and considering that, we 
are able to deploy all the equipment by end of Q2 or by end of September, 
which will allow us to ramp up us the project in the next six months.   
So, basically, by the start of the next fiscal year, all the centers should be 
operationalized and coupled with the Himachal Pradesh pathologic project as 
well as the other projects that we have recently won that gives us the 
confidence that we should still be able to achieve the 2x that we had quoted.  
However, I think we'll have more clarity by the end of the next quarter and we 
should be in a better position to give further guidance on this aspect. 
Shiv Prasad:   
For this financial year, what is the expected growth that we could broadly see? 
Yash Mutha:  
For this financial year, as I mentioned earlier, we are looking at about 20% to 
25% growth by the end of this year. 
Shiv Prasad:   
From existing centers you are expecting 20% to 25% and some additional from 
the new centers, is that right? 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Yash Mutha:   
If I compare with our last year financials, we are expecting 20% to 25% growth 
overall, especially considering the delays in Punjab project.  So, this should 
allow what we had quoted earlier about 30% to 40% guidance, we just 
recalibrating it to about 20% to 25% considering these delays. 
Shiv Prasad:   
Okay so in that case, the next year, you need to grow at huge more than 60% 
growth for you to double the revenues.  So that is still on path or if you grow 
25% this year for you to stick to the 2x next year, which will be upwards the 
60%. 
Yash Mutha:   
Correct. So, if you see what we had earlier estimated for Punjab on a full 
annualized basis that you know, because of the delays could not be achieved 
in this year.  So as it gets added into the next year financial overall 
performance, that along with the other projects is where we are currently 
confident, but I said you know, by the end of this quarter two, we'll have more 
clarity how these projects are getting implemented and basically then give 
further guidance on this.  As of today, at least, we are hopeful and confident 
that we should be able to achieve the 2x that we had quoted earlier. 
Shiv Prasad:   
Got it and the next is in respect to the margins, the last quarter, we had seen 
that due to the new contracts that we deployed and associated cost, that there 
was a slight decrease in the margins, which we experienced in this year also.  
So going ahead also, we do have these contracts coming every quarter where 
you need to put in this thing.  So earlier you were stating that it will be in the 
30-35% range, so do you think that is kind of possible or do you have any 
revisions? 
Yash Mutha:   
No. So from a margins perspective, if you see from overall perspective, we had 
expected it to be in the range of 30%.  The reason for the dent in this quarter 
was largely because of the employee that we had on boarded for the Punjab 
and it's not contributing the revenues given this delay, but on a steady state, as 
the revenue starts, next thing of course, it should further improve the EBITDA 
margins as we go along.  Now, the new project that we will be onboarding, 
they will anyways be happening over the next six to nine months and by the 
time the revenues of the existing and new projects should have been stabilized, 
so we don't expect significant dent in margins, except if there are really cases 
where the delays occur, which are beyond our control, but we are all working 
on a sequentially that the margins move in an upward direction going forward. 
Shiv Prasad:   
And with respect to the tele-reporting, you were saying previous participant 
that Assam, when I was just looking at the number of tele reporting centers, 
Assam has less than 10% of the tele reporting.  Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh 
have a sizeable thing, So just wanted to understand how to look at this thing as 
that is not a huge number right, tele reporting from Assam? Like 130 odd 
centers you have and overall you have more than 1,400 centers. So it's less than 
10% of the entire revenue. One contract has this impact, I couldn't understand 
that. Could you just throw some light on that? 
Yash Mutha:   
Yeah. So, basically if you Assam as I said earlier contributes almost 2 crores 
of the total revenue and there is a mix of various projects. Now, if you see a 
cohort of the entire tele reporting projects, there are some projects which are 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
stabilized, some of them which are at high rates, but they are yet ramping up 
including contracts like Maharashtra, Himachal Pradesh, which have been 
recently added. So, as the center start maturing their revenue contribution will 
be added to the overall revenue performance and hence the realization per 
patient will improve going forward and that is what equally we are watching 
out. Now, there have been some projects which have been basically affecting 
the revenue realization for patient on the tele reporting because some of these 
projects which are at lower price have contributed more in this quarter and 
hopefully in the next quarter as we start the balancing out of the other projects, 
they should lead to improvements in the realization per patient. 
Shiv Prasad:   
Okay, the last one from my end.  The new products after your listing, the 
Maharashtra done, few contracts that you have to do in the Punjab.  How are 
they in line with your projections, what you have already established?  Are 
they in line with what is projected in the first two quarters? How was the 
revenue and profitability of what you projected when you thought of entering 
the project, and how is it right now after you've already established more than 
half of them operational? For the first two quarters how these new centers are 
in terms of revenue and how are they profitability wise? 
Yash Mutha:  
So, in terms of the projects that are currently on the implementation, both in 
terms of Revenue and EBITA, they are in line with what we expected. So, we 
have typically when we go about installing these centers, so there have not 
been any exceptional trends as such or any surprises, we of course, except for 
the delay part where the ramp up could not happen the way we are expecting 
but in terms of the financial metrics they are in line with what expectations we 
had. 
Shiv Prasad:   
Okay, thank you Yash and all the best. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Avnish Khara from VT 
Capital, please go ahead. 
Avnish Khara:   
Hi, so my first question is just a clarification on the 100 crores you are 
expecting on an annual basis from Punjab and then other 100 crore that you 
spoke about, where is it from? This is from only the tenders that you have won 
right now or are you also expecting some new tenders to be won and this is 
100 crores for that? 
Yash Mutha:   
So, the 100 crores was for Punjab on an annualized basis and the other 100 
crores when one of the other gentleman has asked us will be from the various 
projects that we won are including Delhi, Rajasthan and the Maharashtra, , 
basically the new project that we will be winning that will add to another 100 
crores. 
Avnish Khara:  
Right, okay. And also on the MCGM and Samaya Centers in Mumbai. Last 
quarter, we are right in that moment, we operational by now. So, what is the 
issue that we are facing over there? 
Yash Mutha:  
So, there again, we are facing the electricity power issue because, you know, 
the power connections from vendors has not been completed yet. For the 
center, almost work is completed, these are high power lines, so that 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
connections needs to be provided to us and the centers will be operation which 
we're expecting by end of this month or latest by next month to get 
operationalized. 
Moderator:  
We will move to the next question. The next question comes from the line of 
Aditya Khandelwal from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khandelwal:  
The number of CT scan and MRI centers were around 113 December 21, which 
has come down to around 107 in March 22. So why was there such a decline 
in one quarter? 
Pawan Daga:  
So last quarter only, we already re-corrected our presentation or reclassified 
the CT tele reporting center have already been subtracted from the CT and MRI 
count and is classified into the tele reporting. So now the equipment counts and 
the CT, MRI count is completely getting tallied. 
Yash Mutha:  
So, basically, there are certain centers, which are tele reporting centres but 
getting classified as CT scan centers, so we just reclassified them in the correct 
nomenclature.  
Aditya Khandelwal:  
And just wanted to clarify one more thing COVID revenue for the financial 
year 22 was Rs. 32 crores, is that number correct? 
Pawan Daga:  
COVID revenue was Rs. 39 crore. So, the quarter one COVID allied test also 
classified into the COVID revenue, for quarter one of last year. 
Aditya Khandelwal:  
Okay, so the whole of financial year 22, the COVID revenue was around 39 
crores? 
Pawan Daga:  
So, COVID and COVID allied revenue was Rs. 38 and 39 crores. 
Aditya Khandelwal:  
Okay. So about our B2C business, so, what is the strategy for the pricing? The 
pricing going to be similar with the price will be charged to the district 
hospitals, the franchise fees that we are expected to pay and the margin, is it 
going to be the margins will be below the company level margins? 
Yash Mutha:  
So basically, the pricing that we will be offering will of course be competitive, 
in terms of the overall go to market strategy, as well as the way we are going 
to implement this, we will be announcing this press release shortly through our 
COO, Dr. Ravinder Sethi. So I would just suggest, bear with us for now, we 
will be making these announcements soon. 
Aditya Khandelwal:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we have noe reached the end of question 
and answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Yash Mutha:  
We thank you, everyone for sparing your time for us on this earnings call. On 
a closing note, I would just want to basically say that we've hopefully answered 
all your questions, apologies for the technical glitch that we had in between. If 
any questions remain un-answered, please feel free to connect with our 
investor relationship team at Churchgate Partners and we look forward to 

 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Aug 05, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
interacting with you in the future quarters. Thank you very much. Wishing 
everyone a pleasant evening. Thank you. 
Moderator:   
On behalf of Equirus Securities that concludes the conference.  Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference 
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited  
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Nikhil Deshpande 
Company Secretary  
Krsnaa Diagnostics Ltd. 
 
Ravi Gothwal / Bhushan Khandelwal 
Churchgate Partners 
+91 20 4695 4695 
investors@krsnadiagnostics.com 
+91 22 6169 5988 
krsnaa@churchgatepartners.com 
 
