 
 
 
 
Date: August 17, 2022 
To 
The Secretary  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Stock Code: DIVISLAB 
To 
The Secretary  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
Stock Code: 532488 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
 
Sub:     Transcript of earnings conference call held on August 12, 2022  
 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015  
 
We hereby submit the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 
2022, held on August 12, 2022 at 14.00 Hrs IST. The transcript is also available on the website 
of the Company i.e. www.divislabs.com, under Investors Relations section.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Divi’s Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
SATISH 
CHOUDHU
RY MEKA
Digitally signed by 
SATISH 
CHOUDHURY MEKA 
Date: 2022.08.17 
13:46:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Divi’s Laboratories Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. MURALI K. DIVI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
(COMMERCIAL) 
MR. L. KISHOREBABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU – GENERAL MANAGER 
(FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS) 
MR. M. SATISH CHOUDHURY – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call of Divi's 
Laboratories Limited for Q1 FY 2023. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal for an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish Choudhury. Over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I am M. Satish Choudhury, Company Secretary and Chief 
Investor Relations Officer of Divi's Laboratories Limited. I welcome you all to the 
earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. From Divi's Labs, 
we have with us today, Dr. Murali K. Divi, Managing Director; Ms. Nilima Prasad 
Divi, Whole-time Director (Commercial); Mr. L. Kishorebabu, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu, General Manager (Finance & Accounts). 
During the day, our Board has approved unaudited results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2022, and we have released the same to the stock exchanges as well as updated the 
same in our website. Please note that this conference call is being recorded and the 
transcript of the same will be made available on the website of the Company. Please 
also note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Divi's 
Laboratories Limited and cannot be copied, re-broadcasted or attributed in press or 
media without specific and written consent from the Company. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include 
certain forward-looking statements which are predictions, projections, or other 
estimates about future events. These estimates reflect management's current 
expectations of future performance of the Company. Please note that these estimates 
involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from what is expressed or implied. Divi's Labs or its officials do not 
undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether 
as a result of future events or otherwise. 
Now, I hand over the call to Dr. Murali K. Divi, Managing Director of the Company, 
for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Good afternoon and thank you everyone for joining us at our Q1 FY23 earnings call. 
The COVID-19 continues to pose new challenges with increased infections of new 
subvariants. We hope you and your family members, near and dear ones are staying 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
safe and healthy during this difficult time. At Divi's, all the safety protocols are still in 
place to ensure the well-being of our staff, and we will continue to do the same. 
Looking at the global scenario, the demand has stabilized as compared to the 
volatilities seen during the pandemic. However, the cost pressures and logistical 
challenges continue to persist. Along with this, the industry is also facing pricing 
pressures. 
Now, I would like to give operational overview at Divi’s Labs. Capacity expansions 
for commercial generic KPIs is now completed. Qualifications for pipeline products 
are progressing well. We have filed DMF for 3 new APIs in multiple countries. Among 
these three, one is a Contrast Media API. Additionally, a few new Contrast Media APIs 
are currently under development. The new multipurpose facility for Custom Synthesis 
projects is now complete and are ready to meet additional requirements for the projects 
under validation. 
Divi’s, as a responsible pharmaceutical company, has undertaken several CSR 
activities with the communities surrounding the manufacturing units, providing 
necessary services to 250,000 people living in the communities surrounding our 
facilities. Some of these initiatives include providing safe drinking water, empowering 
women, enhancing infrastructure, and conducting health camps.  
Thank you. Now I request Ms. Nilima Divi to give an operational and financial update. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Hello. Good afternoon. I welcome everyone to Divi's Labs earnings call to discuss our 
Q1 FY23 results. I hope that each one of you, along with your friends and family, are 
safe. During the quarter, we continued to be a reliable partner by fulfilling all 
commitments to our customers despite raw material volatility and uncertainty, 
logistical challenges, energy crisis, and several geopolitical tensions. Procurement is 
actively being monitored to maintain a certain amount of inventory based on product 
criticality. We have experienced price increases in raw materials as well as solvents 
compared to last quarter. The impact of it is felt in the cost of our key products. Some 
of the cost increases have been contained partially because of the long-term supplier 
contract and also due to our recent backward integration. 
Shipping costs and timelines have increased significantly, particularly shipments 
towards North and Latin America, where ocean freight increased substantially. Trade 
disruptions are being caused by container shortages and port congestion as a result of 
geopolitical tensions and shortage of manpower at the ports. Our logistics team is 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
constantly monitoring the situation and pre-planning ahead of time so that most of the 
shipments can be delivered on time. 
We continue to be vigilant about the day-to-day developments globally and try to 
mitigate risks as much as possible and ensure reliable supply to our customers. Divi's 
is capable of capitalizing on opportunities ahead with a combination of ready 
resources, 30-plus years of chemistry expertise, and execution excellence. 
I would now brief you on the financial performance for the first quarter of the financial 
year 2022-23. I would like to state that we have achieved a consolidated total revenue 
of Rs. 2,343 crores for the year, reflecting a growth of 17% over the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. This is on the back of a good growth during the last 
financial year. 
Profit before tax for the quarter amounted to Rs. 851 crores. We earned a profit after 
tax of Rs. 702 crores during the quarter. Our EBITDA margin for the quarter accounted 
to 40%. Exports for the quarter accounted to 90%. Exports to regulated markets is 74% 
of our total revenue. Product mix for Generics to Custom Synthesis is 47% and 53% 
respectively for the quarter. Constant currency growth for the quarter has been 9%. 
Our nutraceutical business for the quarter amounted to Rs. 186 crores as compared to 
Rs. 138 crores corresponding quarter of last year. We have a ForEx gain of Rs. 56 
crores for the quarter. Assets worth Rs. 87 crores have been capitalized during this 
quarter. Additionally Rs. 512 crores of capital work-in-progress is underway. As of 
30th June, we have cash on book of Rs. 3,431 crores, receivables of Rs. 2,155 crores, 
and inventories of Rs. 2,836 crores. Thank you. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
With this, we would request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. We have our first question from the 
line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, on the generic side, I would like to understand that it has been more or less stable 
sales for the past 3 quarters. But with the capacity expansion now in place, would we 
see a step-up in the coming quarters or it would take some time basis process validation 
and then subsequent stability data? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Yes, with the generic capacities increased, we will see in the generic portfolio, as we 
have completed some of the qualifications and it is a mere expansion, we will see the 
increase in sales in the generic compounds. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, any further update on Kakinada? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
There is no further news on Kakinada. We are still waiting for the Andhra Pradesh 
government to hand over the land to us, the 500 acres. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Lastly, on the carotenoids sales, it has been a decent jump up compared to Rs. 155-160 
crores to Rs. 190 crores now, close to. Is this a sustainable number on the back of 
capacity being expanded or we have some volatility over the near term? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
After we expanded 100% capacity, the jump up what we have seen is, yes, it will 
continue. And in fact, we are expecting even business to further grow. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly, if you could share the CAPEX number for this year and capital work-
in-progress? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The capital work-in-progress is about Rs. 500 crores right now. In a normal 
circumstance, since we expanded considerably Rs. 2,500 crores in the last 3 years and 
we occupied about 85% of the capacity. Still a very large capacity is available. So, we 
don't see more than about Rs. 500-600 crores of further capital expenditure to introduce 
new technologies of photochemistry, which we were doing earlier – flow chemistry, 
peptide chemistry. These are the new chemistries where several new products are 
coming, and also the high-potency antibody conjugated drug. These are the 
technologies that are required for the next 3-4 years with all the molecules that are 
being developed, but you don't need a huge investment for that. This is what is planned 
between new technology and some debottlenecking if required. Without Kakinada, this 
is what it is. But if there is a Kakinada project running, I think as I mentioned last time, 
we will start with about Rs. 1,000 crores and probably go on investing as we go along. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital 
India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sir, first question on the margins. Sequentially, is there any major change that we have 
witnessed in terms of the cost structure? The margin has corrected almost 3% to 4%. 
Either it is coming from the price pressure or it is an input logistics or energy costs or 
it is product mix. What really has changed from the last quarter? Although quarterly 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
variation that we are not judging, but any specific thing that has really resulted in a 
correction in margins? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
When you say margins, we look at from the point of view of process efficiency and 
productivity. Productivity, it is still good, no change. Efficiency, there is no change. 
What changed is, as Nilima mentioned earlier, the raw material costs have gone up. 
All solvents have gone up anywhere from 30% to 50%. And some of them, even 100%. 
And some of the metals like lithium which we use substantially as a catalyst, it has 
gone even 100% or 200%, as the world knows. These caused about the increase in 
material cost. That's what is one impact. The second one is the energy cost. Coal, what 
we were buying for around Rs. 6 per kilogram, we are now buying for Rs. 8 to 8.5 per 
kilogram. As you all know, steam is mainly being the energy consumed in the pharma 
industry per process, that is where again there is a 30% price increase and it has 
impacted the cost. And another major factor is the power. What used to be about Rs. 6 
per unit, we are now paying about Rs. 8 plus per unit and pharma industry consumes 
quite a bit of energy. During the power breaks or on a continuous run, if we have to 
use the generators, the cost per unit of power generation used to be around Rs. 30 to 
Rs. 40, today it is about Rs. 70 to Rs. 80 per unit. These are some of the things that are 
not in our control that has impacted this, what you have seen as either other expenses 
or overheads increase or raw materials being increased. It has nothing to do with the 
functioning of or the efficiency of the plant. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
But this cost elevation was there even in the fourth quarter, right, sir? Or it has further 
enhanced and pressurized profitability in this current quarter? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think we cannot go by quarter by quarter because, may be, we consumed some of 
those solvents, some of those materials more in one quarter than the other. And even 
in the energy, I think, with the way the first come first use basis, maybe some of the 
ones recently purchased gets charged on that basis. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sir, my second question is that, on the revenue front, we have maintained even strong 
performance despite whatever challenges or trade issues and all that. I am just trying 
to understand here whether we are still getting benefited by the limited period supply 
opportunity? Could be like Molnupiravir and Paxlovid anything like that this quarter? 
And if that is the case, whether this revenue quarterly run rate is a sustainable one in 
spite of this? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
One thing I want to bring out, I have been saying from the beginning that it is not a 
single product that runs the company. It is not just because of some synthesis or the 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
generic compound. It is a combination. What we established…. Normally, I don't even 
say the name of the compound. Since the big pharma announced the name of the 
compound, what became very clear to every pharma big company in the world is that 
if there is an NCE, if there is a large volume required, a company like Divi's only can 
do from NCE to launch commercial supply within 6 months and meet the whole world 
demand. That is what we have established in the world, which nobody has done in the 
past. We are looking at a lot of opportunities based on this credibility that came into 
the world, which every big pharma understood that if there is a small molecule needing 
large volumes, let us go to Divi's. In 6 months, we can go to the launch. This is what 
we gained. 
Coming back to Molnupiravir, yes, we had enjoyed the run and we have completed all 
the orders which we have received and we are waiting and discussing further orders. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sir, just one point I wanted to clarify about, let us say, the 6-point growth strategy or 
drivers that you have been talking about. Having created the major capacities for both 
custom synthesis as well as generics, out of those 6 drivers, which is the driver that 
you think is likely to be the key contributor over current year and next year? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I love all the growth engines, because some of the growth engines give me a lot of 
stability, some of the growth engines grow like rockets. You want to hear them, but I 
love the stable growth engines also. Coming back to your point, the contrast media 
growth engine where we already increased the capacity for some of the contrast media 
and we have filed as much required. We are stabilizing the process and completing 
qualifications of other contrast media, I think that is a big growth engine which I can 
see in the coming 2 years. And, this is where we are going to be very strong with the 
iodine recovery and reuse system with least iodine consumption to the atom efficiency. 
Because iodine what used to be $13 a kilo, today it is about $80 per kilogram; and that 
is the major cost in the consumption of the contrast media. So, if somebody has a good 
efficient process of recovering and reusing, he will become the king in the game. 
Also, I think we have an excellent opportunity in the 5th growth engine where I 
mentioned that one of the contrast media for one big pharma we have mentioned earlier 
that we have got the contract and we will be completing. We are just in the process of 
completing validation and commercial production continues after that without any gap. 
Now, we are into discussion to see…. there may be an upside of 2x. That's what we 
are seeing. I think these are the 2 main if you ask that the rockets that can take off, but 
the real growth is on the future. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Our last growth engine where we mentioned that the expiry of patent between 2023 to 
2025, about $20 billion worth of APIs going out of patents, this is where we have 
submitted DMFs in some countries and other DMFs are under preparation as we are 
completing the process validations, and these are the ones what will do after the 2 years 
to take the company further up. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Just last one quick clarification, Sir. For FY22, the export mix if I see, the US share of 
exports has gone up from, let's say, from the 24% to 44%. And the Europe which used 
to be the dominant piece with 47% until last year, it has come down to 33%. Is there 
anything to read out of these numbers, Sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I don't think you can make out anything from these numbers because in the generic 
industry, probably you can calculate based on where it is going whereas the big 
pharma, they may want it to be shipped to Europe or they may want it to be shipped to 
the US or into Singapore. It is very difficult to say, up and down. It mainly depends on 
where they have formulation capacity available for running the said project. So, I think 
it will not make any real understanding to bring any point out of exports to Europe, 
US, or any other country to say what happened to each company or each product. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
The first question around the segmental disclosures of generic versus custom and what 
the generic API growth? And I am excluding nutraceuticals out of it. It seems to 
suggest that generic API has now shown 4% growth for the quarter. YoY, I think we 
saw, if I recollect right, a 15% decline in generic API last year, same revenue line item 
I am comparing. What's the prognosis here Dr. Murali and team? You mentioned about 
long-term contracts and the ability maybe to reprice. So, just going back to the point 
on margins. Are we able to pass on price hikes selectively for some of these niche 
products so that we can protect margins? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think from last several Q&A, when the questions were asked why the custom 
synthesis going up, generic going down, generic going up, customs going down, we 
don't run that game. As I mentioned that we cannot be judged by quarter on quarter, 
even on year on year because opportunities sometimes lump up, sometimes they are 
spread. But our objective is to keep them balanced on 50-50. Because of the large 
custom synthesis project we did, probably the numbers changed a little bit up and 
down. Otherwise, coming to the costs, I think, yes, in some cases, we were able to 
convince the customers and pass on some of the raw material costs because everybody 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
knows the lithium that it is not available in the world. Even it is not available for the 
chips, pharma industry is not exempted from that. People understand and compensate 
for such. But some of the solvents and fumes, I think it takes a little more time to 
convince them. So, long-term contracts with a coupon saying that if there is a more 
than 10% increase, maybe it can be discussed and accommodated. Yes, we are able to 
do that, but I think more of these increases happened in the last 3 to 6 months than 
really a year ago. So, still we are under negotiations for further. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My second question is just, again, disclosure of some of your fiscal '22 annual report 
on top products and top customers. We have seen a significant jump; 49% top products 
going to 60%; top 5 customers, 34 going to 54. Is there any concentration risk? I know 
maybe Molnupiravir is one which obviously has pushed up numbers like you said, but 
how should we look about it? Are we having other drivers to kind of again go back to 
a more diversified revenue growth going forward? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think, going forward, it will be more diversified and I think we will go back to the 
way we used to be. Again, these 6 growth engines what we are concentrating, leaving 
the first growth engine the regular generics, I think these will bring the stability, not to 
depend on just 1 product or 5 products. This will bring the stability because each of the 
growth engine has several products. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My last question is just again on the similar disclosure around imports and how much 
of it you are dependent from a material consumption perspective. This has reversed in 
the fiscal '22, right? We have gone from 44% to 46%. So, just trying to see backward 
integration, we did quite a bit. I was under the impression that this number should keep 
coming down, as you do more and more of the intermediate steps. But has it changed 
or it is just temporary you think? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
If you are looking at the imports, it is a situation where what's happening in the world 
currently today – it could be with respect to the geopolitical tensions or it could be the 
logistical challenges like, even if you see from India to US, a 40-foot container is 
currently like $11,000, which is 3x what it used to be a year back. There are many 
factors that are playing with respect to why the prices are increasing and what's the 
cost. Yes, we did try to reduce our dependency on imports, mainly China, from about 
7 years back wherein we started encouraging domestic manufacturers to produce 
materials where China is a monopoly, and wherever we could not find a secondary 
source with respect to geographical diversification, we did our own backward 
integration. But having said that, the dependency on China is not totally gone because 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
they have the largest capacities in basic chemicals in the industry. But if we are looking 
at the increase in the cost, I believe and I hope that it is going to be a temporary thing 
and it is not going to be permanent, and once the situation settles in various factors 
worldwide, be it logistical or geopolitical tensions, I think the costs would go back to 
where they were. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Cyndrella Thomas Carvalho from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Dr. Divi, if we understand our growth coming back on the generic side, plus you 
highlighted that on the contrast media opportunity also. Should we see this 870-odd 
run rate quarterly improving here onwards? And how should we look at the generic 
pricing perspective for our portfolio, existing and the upcoming launches? And if you 
could also bring up what kind of CAPEX we will see getting utilized for these newer 
generic opportunities that we are launching? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The newer generic launch is going to bring a change because it's not going to occupy 
a lot of capacity. The newer generics are high-priced, not like $30-40 a kilo but they 
are high priced and medium volume. So, this will occupy less capacity and produce 
probably more margin and more value. But I think it is good to have a combination of 
our contrast media or these new generics and also multiple sartans. Let us not forget 
that people still did not forget about the nitrosamine impurities, people didn't still did 
not forget about azido impurities that came in sartans. Even I think yesterday, we came 
to know that the sartans still the newer ones, some of the old generics may have again 
problem and probably we will have more opportunities for producing more sartans as 
we already are commercializing them. I expect that these unstable times of higher raw 
materials or a little bit effect on the margins is going to be temporary and we should 
be able to go back to where we were in the next 1-2 years. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
This generic run rate of 870-odd should be improving as we go from this quarter 
onwards for the entire year? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I have been saying from the beginning, we don't want to say quarter-on-quarter basis. 
We can talk about, I think I mentioned a few times in this call that it is going to be once 
we complete all these validations, I think even in the generics and future generics, after 
1 year, in the next 2 years, we should be able to see the upsides and the value additions. 
Otherwise, our regular generics are stable. And whatever capacity we have, we are able 
to utilize. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And the amount of new capacity utilization for the entire newer generic, how much 
CAPEX we will be kind of utilizing, which we have already done in the past, like 
almost Rs. 3,500 crores in the last 3 years? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
If you recall that before we invested this Rs. 2,500 crores, we were having a revenue 
of Rs. 5,000 crores and with a profit after tax of Rs. 1,300 crores. In the last 3 years, 
we were able to complete that and bring it to Rs. 9,000 crores of revenue and Rs. 2,960 
crores of profit after tax. So, the substantial increase in these, both in terms of the sales 
as well as in terms of the margin, shows that we can quickly recover our investment. 
And I think, going forward, the Rs. 500 crores of what we have capital work-in-
progress and what I mentioned an additional Rs. 500 crores of investment should see 
it through, I think, all the 6 growth engines what we have identified. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Is there any one-off in the other expenses which look very elevated for this quarter? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
There is no one-off in this quarter other than whatever the fast-track project has 
contributed in the last 1-1/2 years. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, should we assume at least above 40% EBITDA margin sustainable for FY23? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Always, we should be able to maintain the 40% EBITDA margin, yes. Actually we 
would like to do better, but I think it is up to 40%. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Just one clarification from earlier participants. So, 40%, including other income, I 
guess, because I think this quarter, it was 37.6%. Will that be correct, Sir? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Ma'am, just trying to understand that have we contracted with newer rates? With higher 
input cost…. Freight I understand is actually coming down Q on Q. In the last few 
quarters, we have contracted at lower rates, and now we are having higher rates for 
future contracts? If you could just highlight that. Because the commentary that we are 
hearing from other pharma companies is that Q on Q, at least the input cost as well as 
the freights have started to come down. And in the past, we haven't heard from you 
wherein you contracted at lower rates in the past and now at higher rates? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
In the past, we have been able to get the prices into a contract or we have been playing 
safe or we have stocked the material quite a bit wherever necessary. So, the costing 
was slightly better. But, yes, if I say currently sitting in August, the costs we are seeing 
a little bit better, but still volatile. I wouldn't say they are completely back to square 
one like how they were 2 years back, they are still volatile. But yes, we are seeing in 
August, a slight better pricing. But if I am talking about Q1, we did see quite a price 
rise around that time. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Secondly, you mentioned that this passing of cost is on a case-to-case basis. How about 
the benefits? Rupee-dollar from 77-78 is touching 80 now. You have talked about it 
that a part of it gets passed on and part of it we absorb. Does that still hold or how are 
we placed now with the rupee-dollar benefits? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
If we have to look at, we do a lot of imports in dollars as well. So, when the price goes 
up for the dollar, we also pay a higher price. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, naturally that is fine, the exposure I am talking about. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, we get the benefit of the post the net exposure? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
That's correct. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Lastly, given the investments we have done in the past and generics even you 
mentioned that there is a patent list which will benefit the generic production and sales. 
We have started to see some growth now 5%. How do we see '23 and '24, given that 
capacity utilization is here to increase, DMF filings already happening? Just a little 
color would really help us understand on the growth trajectory for the generic business. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The capacity is there. The validations are happening. The Drug Master Files 
submissions are happening. Once we complete these in the next 6 months to 1 year, 
this is when  the qualification by each of the customer happen and then the trial orders 
and the annual contracts. This is a process which we started 1 year ago, 2 years ago, to 
develop the process for them. Now it is happening, and you will see the real volume 
after 2 years. But meanwhile, you will definitely see some income. Some of them, 
approvals come early and some of them will take a little time of 1-2 years. But we have 
the capacity for all of those. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Prakash Agarwal: 
What I understood was for these complex products which are heading for patent expiry, 
we will see in a couple of years. And in the meantime, the base business generics will 
still see some growth. Would that be correct understanding? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
There are other engines where the work is going on as well and then we have our 
regular business which is happening as well. So, yes, growth, I would say, is something 
we can't see quarter on quarter. It is something that we would see year on year. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
What I can also add to what Nilima said that what I mentioned just now is about the 
new products where patents are going to expire, that is one business. The second one 
is, the 3 other growth engines, the contrast media growth engine, sartans, and where 
we increased its capacity of some of these generics, these will start yielding as and 
when the qualifications are complete without waiting for the patent expiry, because 
these three are already patent expired, these 3 growth engines. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Nilima, just wanted to understand the comment that you made that costs have started 
to come down in August. Has there been a meaningful reduction? And what is your 
sense in terms of raw material cost improving further? Do you think there could be 
more improvement as we go ahead? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
While I said we are seeing a little cost reduction or stability, we are also seeing 
volatility, mainly with respect to solvents and where all the solvents are being used. It 
is quite difficult because we are just at the beginning stages currently to decide upon 
whether this is going to be the trend for the entire quarter. It could be that tomorrow 
there could be another delay or there could be some hiccup that could have happened 
and the prices would again shoot up. So, right now, what we are trying to do is, we are 
trying to be cautious. We are trying to take advantage of the situation whenever there 
is a slight dip in the prices and trying to take advantage of the situation whenever there 
is a logistical ease. And the main goal we have currently is to make sure there is no 
delay to the customer. Whether we have a delay or we have a cost increase is the 
secondary worry for us. Our primary worry is, are we supplying to the customer on 
time, on demand. And that we are able to fulfill and that's what our main target is. 
Neha Manpuria: 
From a backward integration aspect, given that we have invested a fair bit in that, all 
of that benefit is already reflected in our costs, right? Or should we see some 
incremental benefit or offset coming from the backward integration project? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
The backward integration benefit has already come in. But what we are trying to see is 
now that some of these solvents like tetrahydrofuran and acetonitrile and few solvents 
where the prices went up very high, where moisture content is very critical, we are able 
to apply some new technologies now, membrane technologies, to see how to recover 
them and reuse them which we were not doing let us say 1 year ago or 2 years ago. 
They would bring some benefit, yes. But I think, as Nilima said, the main thing is, what 
this volatility of demand and supply or somebody is just stopping production in China 
or elsewhere, Russia-Ukraine impacting all of a sudden increases, I think this is where 
we cannot comment too much. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And my last question, Sir. I am not sure if you touched upon this, but any update on 
the Krishnapatnam project? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
We are planning to take up first the project in Kakinada. After completing Kakinada, 
we plan to take up the Krishnapatnam project. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, one of your key custom synthesis products is expected to lose patent protection 
early next year. Can you please help us understand when your custom synthesis 
products lose patent protection, how much of the profitability loss in such products you 
are able to offset by ramping up volumes on the generic API side? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It is not that on patent expiry, we lose all the products or we lose profitability, it is not 
true. Because the patent holder, instead of 100, his demand may be 70 or 80, but he 
always tried to give us more products. We have to look from that angle. Still, we will 
enjoy the premium price, and the prices change from when you supply, let us say, 100 
tonnes or 500 tonnes, at 100 tonnes your price is much higher, he will realize much 
better profitability. So, even after patent expiry, none of the big pharmas lost total 
market to the generic industry. There are compounds where they are retaining 90% of 
the demand still because of certain impurity profiles which are very critical where the 
generics industry may take time to achieve that. So, even after patent expiry, we are 
talking about a few years, especially if you take the neuro – the medicines that are used 
in the neurological – people do not want to change the brand. They want their patients 
to use the same brand. We have not seen a sudden disappearance of a product or sudden 
loss of majority of the value. Yes, there will be some loss, but all these big pharmas 
had more new products, that's how the balance will come. 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Rahul Jeewani: 
But typically what we see is that once products go off patent in the US market, generic 
companies would capture around 85% to 90% market share in some of these plain 
vanilla or solid products. Would you think that, that could have an impact on our 
profitability for some of these products? And after the patent expiry, do we have to 
revise pricing which we charge to the innovator company or the pricing remains the 
same as we supply pre-patent expiry? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
1) Pricing is based on a contract what we have for the next 5 years or 10 years. 2) The 
cost of API in a big pharma dosage form is not like generic compound. They do 
command premiums and we do get premium. 3) We look at a basket of products and 
adding more number of new products into the basket. I don't know what you are 
referring to a single product, which can impact or lose a lot of value, I don't recall that 
we have such a product. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, obviously I know you haven't been indicating the quantum of revenue contribution 
from some of these COVID-related products, but if you can just directionally tell us 
how your base custom synthesis would have grown on either a year-on-year basis or a 
quarter-on-quarter basis this quarter? Ex of any one-off COVID-related opportunities? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
In the COVID-related opportunities, as you know, we started developing several 
products in the last 3-4 years. And several of them, the demand, either fell down, was 
not there, no more than a few months. Slowly we stopped all of them, Favipiravir, 
HCQ and several other compounds. But what we would like to say is that what we 
established is that from discovery for a new molecule for an NCE in Phase 2, we can 
bring it to the scale up and supply commercial volumes with all regulatory clearances 
within 6 months. This is never heard of, and we have done it. This is what big pharmas, 
all of them, recognize and I think this is where we are looking at opportunities to 
manufacture large volumes with the capacity what we have. What happened is, none 
of the big pharmas have any manufacturing capacities of API. There is very little API 
capacity. So, if there is a molecule of large volume and for this kind of COVID or non-
COVID product, they need to outsource. And if they want to launch quickly, I think 
we will have more opportunity than others as we have a proven track record. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Hardick Bora from Union AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardick Bora: 
Sir, a question on the gross block turnover. Before we embarked on this CAPEX from 
financial year '20 to '22, which we have also utilized well over these years, before that 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
period, we used to, on average, generate 1.7 to 1.8x revenue on a gross block for the 
year. Can we expect this kind of a ratio asset turn efficiency to continue into the future? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
1) I am an optimist. 2) Yes, technologies may permit few to do that. 3) What works 
against us is things like COVID where we have to take more precautions and more 
delays in operations. The regulatory clearances, quality assurance, quality control, 
having several restrictions on how the manufacturing should be conducted. There is a 
large difference between the way we used to conduct manufacturing in 2000, 2010, 
2015, and now. We bring more productivity by increasing process yields and process 
efficiency. But the quality assurance with new regulations or additional regulations 
from the regulatory bodies keep obstacles whereby we have to wait until step 1 is 
totally complete and live before we do step 2. So, it is a game between quality 
assurance and production. 
Hardick Bora: 
But as we keep improving upon the efficiency in the system, we have seen that, let us 
say, over the decade or more than a decade, the company's efficiency on turnover has 
increased. We have been able to better utilize our gross block. Is this improvement 
expected to continue into the future? That's what I wanted to check. 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
If we don't get any more new regulatory agencies coming with some new guidelines, 
probably we should, yes. 
Hardick Bora: 
And one more clarification. Last quarter's call, you had indicated that about 80% to 
85% of the capacity is utilized, and we have scope for adding another 10% to 15%. 
And this was not included in the 2 new SEZ buildings. Can you tell us, including those 
2 new buildings, how much is the capacity available for growth? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
I think I mentioned that 83% is right now occupied. So, we have still about 17% 
available right now. And 17% on the huge volume, that means we can accommodate a 
lot of products or a lot of projects. 
Hardick Bora: 
But this does not include the 2 new SEZ buildings that are coming up, right? 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
It does not include the 2 new buildings or semi-construction and coming up, yes. 
Hardick Bora: 
Is it possible to indicate with those 2 coming up, how much more capacity headroom 
we will have? 

 
Divi's Laboratories Limited 
August 12, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Dr. Murali K. Divi: 
Since they are in the under-implementation, waiting for projects, if we install large 
volume reactors, then it is different from medium volume equipment. So, it depends 
upon the projects in line where we needed to increase the capacity. We may go to the 
20% capacity, if I have to say some number from the 17%. 
Hardick Bora: 
We will take an update from you again, as those businesses start coming in. Thank you 
for this. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Satish Choudhury for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you all for joining us today for the earnings call of Divi's Laboratories Limited. 
In case you need any further clarifications, please reach out to our Investor Relations. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Divi's Laboratories Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
