Manyavar 
  
August 16, 2022 
To, 
To, 
Listing Department 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India 
BSE Limited 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5‘. Floor, Plot No. C-1, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol: MANYAVAR 
BSE Scrip Code: 543463 
Dear Madam / 
Sir, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call of Qi FY 2023 
Ref: 
Our 
Letter 
dated 
August 
05, 
2022 
regarding 
prior 
intimation 
of 
Conference Call for O01 FY23 financial results of the Company 
In 
accordance 
with 
Regulation 
30 
read 
with 
Schedule 
III 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Board 
of 
India 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call, 
organized and held on Tuesday, August 09, 2022 
in relation to the operational and 
financial performance for the Quarter ended June 30, 2022 (Q1 FY 23). 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s Website, from the link given 
below 
https: //www.vedantfashions.com/investor-presentation 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
Thanking you. 
For, Vedant Fashions Limited 
  
Navin Pareek 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No,: F10672 
  
Vedant Fashions Limited (Formerly known as Vedant Fashions Private Limited) 
Regd Office 
: Paridhan Garment Park, 19, Canal South Road, SDF-1, 4th Floor, A501-502, Kolkata - 700 015, Phone 
: +91 3361255353 
Email 
: info@vedantfashions.com, Website 
: www.vedantfashions.com, CIN 
: L51311WB2002PLC094677

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Vedant Fashions Limited Q1 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 09, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NIHAL MAHESH JHAM - EDELWEISS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEDANT MODI – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL MURARKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vedant Fashions Q1 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Edelweiss Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nihal Jham from 
Edelweiss Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Thank you Ranjan. On behalf of edelweiss I would like to welcome you all to the Q1 
FY2023 Results Conference Call for Vedant Fashions Limited. From the management, 
today we have Mr. Vedant Modi – Chief Marketing Officer and Mr. Rahul Murarka – Chief 
Financial Officer. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Vedant Modi for his opening 
remarks. Vedant, over to you. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you Nihal. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all the participants’. Thank you 
for joining us today to discuss the Vedant Fashions Limited Q1 FY2023 performance and 
results. I am joined by Mr. Rahul Murarka, the Chief Financial Officer of our company. 
 
I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through our financial results and investor 
presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchange as well as on the company’s 
website. 
 
Vedant fashion is the category creator and market leader in branded Indian wedding and 
celebration wear industry. We have grown from modest roots to become India’s largest 
celebration wear entity. We have strategically created a house of brands which caters to the 
need of different demographic and geographic segments. Owing to the efficient governance 
model, the performance of all our brands has been motivating in this quarter. As a company 
our governance model is firmly based on 3 Ps. People: We invest in relationships, be it our 
customers, our employees, or any of our stakeholders. Products: Our mantra for product is 
twofold, superior quality and value for money, and finally profits: This P is a litmus test for 
the above two piece, it indicates the health of the company. 
 
Allow me to take you through the highlights for quarter ended June 2022. We are happy to 
report an efficacious and satisfying quarter in terms of retail sales, revenue growth, best-in-
class margins, and return metrics. All of these despite an adverse and challenging 
macroeconomic environment and inflationary conditions leading to pressure on 
discretionary spends. We are witnessing growth momentum through increased efficiencies 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
and establishment of a variable model firm. We as a company have come stronger out of 
COVID and have surpassed pre-COVID levels. In terms of overall customer sales growth 
which stands at 60% over quarter one of financial year 2020 and 119% over quarter one of 
financial year 2022. The SSSG growth has been 25% over quarter one of financial year 
2020 which was pre-COVID levels and 105% over quarter one FY2022. 
 
The consumer demand for ethnic wear is also showing great recovery and we are gearing up 
for a promising festive and celebratory occasions ahead in this year. On the network 
expansion front, in Q1 we opened new stores of around 10000 square feet and have a very 
strong and healthy pipeline for new rollouts planned for the financial year. 
 
As of June 2022 VFL’s EBO area stands at 1.28 million square feet globally across 603 
stores. The national stock footprint tally is at 590 stores spread across 228 cities and towns. 
We have also opened one new international store in UAE in Abu Dhabi in this quarter and 
now has 13 international stores spanning across three countries. 
 
Efficient and innovative marketing has been the lodestone in our journey to building great 
brands. Keeping to the same tenet, we are glad to share an instance in which our marketing 
campaign for Mohey, DulhanWaaliFeeling targeting brides to be featuring Ms. Alia Bhatt 
was a huge success. We have witnessed greater acceptability for all our brands, which is a 
hypothesis that is supported by a strong traction and positive sentiment. Going forward we 
are optimistic of having a favorable year ahead. 
 
With this, I would now hand over to Mr. Rahul Murarka to take you through the financial 
performance of our company. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Thank you Vedant, Namashkar and good afternoon everyone. I would like to highlight key 
financial performance for Q1 of FY2023 based upon the consolidated financial statements. 
 
The company has continued to demonstrate strong financial metrics and return during Q1 of 
FY2023. Starting from comparisons between Q1 of FY2023 and Q1 of FY2022. The 
company has reported revenue from operation of 325 Crores in Q1 of FY2023 delivering a 
very strong growth of 103% compared to Q1 of FY2022. The company continues to report 
very high industry leading gross margin of around 68.8% during Q1 of FY2023. The 
EBITDA margins were around 51% and the EBITDA stood at 165 Crores for Q1 of 
FY2023 with a growth of around 106% compared to Q1 of FY2022. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
The reported PAT during Q1 of FY2023 is 136 Crores which has significantly increased by 
around 122% compared to Q1 of FY2022. The company reported best in class PAT margin 
of 31% and the profit after tax stood at 101 Crores during Q1 of FY2023 with a strong 
growth of 123% compared to Q1 of FY2022. 
 
The company has a track record of generating significant cash driven by a healthy cash 
conversion ratio. During Q1 of FY2023 the company continued to generate high cash 
conversion ratio of approximately 146%, which has been computed based upon operating 
cash flow over PAT. 
 
With optimization in working capital we have been able to achieve industry leading trailing 
12 month ROCE of approximately 98% during the period ended June 2022. After a long 
time during Q1 of FY2023 we have witnessed a normal quarter without COVID restrictions 
which synergized well with our robust ecosystem leading to efficiency in operations and 
resulting in improvement in working capital days from 94 days in FY2022 to 65 days 
approximately in Q1 of FY2023. This has been computed based upon the trailing 12 months 
revenue and internal MIS reporting format. The net receivable days based upon the trailing 
12 months revenue has also reduced to 35 days approximately in Q1 of FY2023 from 53 
days in FY2022. The net receivable days has been computed after reducing deposit receipts 
from franchisee and provision for sales return from trade receivables. 
 
The sale of our customers were around 500 Crores during Q1 of FY2023 with a significant 
growth of 119% over Q1 of FY2022. The company also reported very strong SSG growth 
of 105% over Q1 of FY2022. 
 
Now on comparing our Q1 FY2023 performance this pre-COVID levels of Q1 of FY2020 
whose figure has been considered basis internal management MIS. Our revenue from 
operations significantly grew by approximately 58% and we witnessed significant growth in 
PAT by approximately 81% over Q1 of FY2020. Our sale of our customers significantly 
grew by approximately 60% with a strong SSG growth of around 25% over Q1 of FY2020. 
Thank you and Namashkar everyone. We can now move to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question comes from 
the line of Gaurav from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hi, and thank you for the opportunity Sir, and congratulations on a good set of results. My 
question is first on the strong expansion in the gross margins. We have seen the gross 
margins expand now to 68.8% and commensurately our EBITDA margins is also now 50% 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
plus. So my question is how much of this is a phenomena of the season of the mix and what 
could be a steady state levels that we can expect going ahead. 
 Rahul Murarka: 
As a company our endeavor has always been to improve our gross margins and improve 
efficiency in margin. We have been able to do this in the past and our endeavor will also be 
to continue to do this in future to improve in our margins. However on a quarterly basis the 
gross margins may vary from one quarter to another quarter, and hence we should look at 
the gross margin level on an annual basis. As far as your question on steady state gross 
margins are concerned. No, we do not want to give any guidance, but historically we have 
seen that we have been able to achieve very high gross margin of 66%, 67% and we do not 
find any challenge as of now that in achieving the similar levels in future as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
But going by your Q1 performance itself, I mean, it looks like I might as well be reach the 
66%, 67% gross margin levels at least for this year because if it has to go below that the rest 
of the nine months might do really bad in terms of the GM’s. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So as I mentioned our thought would be to look at the gross margin at an annual level 
because the quarterly gross margin may vary from one quarter to another. So maybe we can 
discuss on the gross margins when we achieve the year end gross margin levels. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure that is it and my next question is with regards to the store opening. So one we have 
added around 10000 square feet in terms of the stores whereas we have added 8 stores so 
average square feet comes to around 1250 square feet for the new stores. Also the number 
of store openings in terms of square foot addition has been only 10000, so on the both the 
fronts in terms of the store sizes and in terms of the square feet addition. If you can help us 
how can we look it going ahead. 
Vedant Modi: 
When we talk about the 10000 square feet number which was the net opening for this 
quarter. There were about eight stores opened and some of those stores that were added in 
this quarter were also SIS stores which are typically smaller on average about 500 odd 
square feet like we have been mentioning for a long time now that typically the newer 
stores which we will open which are exclusive brand outlet stores not the SIS version of it 
will be 2000 or more than that typically unless it is a one-off tier 3 or a tier 4 city that we 
are entering. So the plan is to open larger stores as we move forward. Now with concerns to 
the 10000 square feet number which we have added in this quarter typically because Q2 is a 
weaker season compared to the rest of the year. We tend to add majority of our stores by the 
end of Q2 or start of Q3 and we have an extremely strong and healthy pipeline which you 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
will start seeing in the coming few quarters. I think we are very well poised to open a lot of 
stores and a very high number of square feet in the coming seasons. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure that is helpful and just a follow up on this one. I also see that you have added five new 
cities during the quarter. So if you help us which are these cities, are this are tier two, tier 
three towns. How are we looking in terms of the city additions, if anything on that. 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure, so the cities we entered so the city with the highest population was Balasore, with a 
population of about 23 odd lakhs while we went down to a city called Bhimavaram which is 
at a population of 108000 from the last population records we have. I hope that once the 
new census gets updated which is I think in two years now the numbers for population will 
be a lot more accurate. So I think we continue to open stores in newer cities. There are some 
tier 2 cities that are left to come up, very few of them, but majorly it will be tier 3 and tier 4 
towns that we entered as new cities. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And just one last bit if I can pull in. In terms of across the retail spectrum we have seen that 
this quarter was aided by a strong wedding season as well as some bit of pent up demand 
also flowing through. So if you can highlight on the demand front how has these two 
aspects played out during the quarter. 
Vedant Modi: 
I think demand was very strong across channels and we were able to witness a lot of walk-
ins, we were able to witness good increase in volumes and a good increase in a 
merchandising mix. So I think all those levers like I mentioned in the last quarterly call also 
that this is the first quarter that we saw after almost eight to nine quarters of disruption 
when the big fat Indian weddings were not allowed. So it was great from all perspectives 
and we are very confident about moving into the future with such trends. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, thank you and that is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi! All, congrats on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to know your per square feet sales, 
which you do typically in a normal year in Q1. Is that what percentage higher or lower than 
the full year sales per square feet. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Vedant Modi: 
The way I would like to answer this question is typically when we look at an historical 
average of quarter one out of the year it is about 24% of our business. So that is a metric 
which we can use to kind of calculate. 
Percy Panthaki: 
This is the total sales or this is the sales per square feet you are talking about. 
Vedant Modi: 
This is the total sales, so typically 24% of the year’s total sales would come from quarter 
one. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly can you give me an idea of whatever growth you have done this quarter Y-o-Y 
you have grown a 100% plus. How much of the growth is from a pure price increase angle 
how much of it is a mix and how much of it is volume rough estimates of the breakup of 
this. 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure, so about our overall SSSG was about 105.2% when we break that down into volume 
and ASP, volume growth was at about 102.3% and ASP growth was about 1.4%. So this is 
at a company level, we witnessed very good growth in terms of our average basket size 
numbers and different sort of parameters that we track at the store level and at a product 
level. So all of those work in our favors. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So basically you are saying that the average bill size has gone up. So people are purchasing 
either more number of items or more premium products. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Vedant Modi: 
Not exactly because last year the same quarter was a COVID impacted quarter. So the 
walk-ins were left. So of course we saw tremendously a lot more walk-ins coming in from 
last year and that is why you will see that because a lot more customers walked in we were 
able to have very good sales. So when we look at average basket size internally we break it 
down into average basket size of a groom walking into our stores and the average basket 
size of a non-groom walking into our store. As this was a normalized year, the walk-in 
numbers of non-grooms was higher compared to last year when it was a COVID impacted 
quarter and that is why we were able to witness good average basket size growth within 
these each segment. So overall each metric of the business was performing pretty well. So 
we were able to bring in more consumers and consumers within the segment that we operate 
in, which is groom and non-groom, we had a better basket size. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And this 1.2% or 1.4% ASP growth that you are saying, that is your pure price increase or it 
includes a mix effect in this. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Vedant Modi: 
So, like we have been mentioning we do not usually incur a direct price increase into our 
products. It is almost entirely a change in merchandising mix that is a continuous effort. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Because I thought that a lot of your products SKUs are long-running it is not fashion, it is 
not fast fashion or seasonal that your SKUs keep changing so whatever SKUs you had let us 
say two years ago a large part of them would still continue this year. So if that is the case 
then the price increase would have to be in those SKUs only right. 
Vedant Modi: 
That is not exactly how the case is. In terms of change in mix, it does not happen let us say 
after two years it is a little quicker than that in typical fashion and especially in India wear 
that is what we see and apart from a White Kurta which is a very classic product, typical 
products do change within that time frame. So it is more to do with a change in mix and the 
kind of products we churn out. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood and last question from me any color or flavor you can give on the three smaller 
brands that is Manthan, Twamev, and Mohey. 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure. So when we talk about Mohey there are a couple of metrics that we track internally all 
of them have been very positive in nature and have been really encouraging to see the brand 
grow and the quality of Mohey as a brand has been improving in terms of all these numbers 
that we internally track. There is also one important metric that we keep seeing that 
Mohey’s SSSG was higher than the company’s average SSSG both compared to last year 
same quarter and also compared to pre-COVID quarter one of FY2020. So that was also 
very encouraging to witness. At the same time with Mohey we continue to open the flagship 
Manyavar Mohey stores and we will also experiment with standalone Mohey store this 
year. So I think those are overall things that excite us with Mohey and the nucleus category 
of Lehenga has been performing really well with very good high conversion numbers 
coming from the front end retail store level and sarees has also been picking up pretty well. 
When we talk about Twamev, Twamev has been a very, very phenomenal sort of a success 
story for us internally it has been beating all our internal numbers we are very hopeful and 
we are very confident of having great exclusive brand outlets of Twamev this year and we 
are very confident about the kind of success that Twamev as a brand will possibly bring for 
us in the future. Manthan is still in the incubation stage we have been trying out the brand 
on different online marketplaces and through the MBO channel. Again it has been growing 
very rapidly given the small base, but we would like to see the brand and work on the 
product categories a little more for the coming two to three quarters before commenting on 
Manthan. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay that is all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Basumallick from Intelsense 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
Firstly congrats on a good set of numbers. I have two basic questions. One is probably an 
extension of what you just talked about. So can you just help me understand what are your 
plans on the Mohey brand in terms of scaling it up, and the second question is about what is 
the competitive scenario looking like in Manyavar overall those two questions. 
Vedant Modi: 
In terms of Mohey, I think the plan in terms of a retail footprint expansion is to continue 
with a growth strategy of having Manyavar Mohey stores as the flagship concept of a 
company, which typically stores above 3000 to 4000 square feet will have a good Mohey 
section within them and because this TG is very similar for Manyavar and Mohey this is an 
additional benefit that we are able to achieve. At the same time in terms of Mohey we are 
also going to experiment with standalone Mohey stores. This was in terms of retail 
footprint. In terms of product category there is continuous innovation that is happening 
through our design and product teams and that is the result of which we are able to witness 
better conversion rates at this store. So overall all the metrics like I just mentioned which 
we track have been performing better and better over each quarter and I think in the next 
two to three quarters we should have a very good confidence of start to scale up the whole 
Mohey brand overall. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
Just to get a sense, I mean, could you share what kind of metrics you are talking about or is 
it just internal and something you cannot say. 
Vedant Modi: 
So I think the three most important metrics which we track for Mohey internally are 
productivity, the dead stock levels, and the inventory turnover ratio and of course the 
conversion as the store level. So these are probably the four most important metrics for us 
which we track for any of our newer brands. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
And the second question that I had was about the competitive intensity in Manyavar and we 
have been seeing other brands also from the other large retail chains they are also starting to 
advertise a lot and especially in celebration wear. So what are your thoughts on how the 
competitive intensity is shaping up. 
Vedant Modi: 
Overall I would like to comment on is what we are witnessing as a brand. So every market 
we operate and we have been growing, there has been strong SSSG growth we have been 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
witnessing good retail footprint expansion across. So until now we have not witnessed any 
such pressure and also given the kind of moats that exist in this industry it is a very sort of 
protected environment. So when we talk about the industry moats , we started producing 
Indian wear in 1999, the journey since then has been very good with all our jobbers, our 
vendors and our artisans and handling them and understanding how they operate over the 
last two decades has been a phenomenal sort of learning for us and that is why we are able 
to produce Indian wear directly, which is a tricky task for larger players and when we talk 
about India as a country consumer preferences change every 50 kilometers that means the 
number of designs that are required the kind of technology and industry inventory 
replenishment stack that is required to manage operations in an Indian celebration wear 
brand is very complex. So we have been able to achieve and be very productive on all of 
these spheres. Lastly talking about the brand modes themselves Manyavar as a brand is one 
of the most aspirational yet value for money brand that people are connected with that too 
emotionally. So that creates an edge and until now given the kind of brand power and brand 
equity Manyavar has the brand has almost become synonymous with the category. So 
overall these are the kind of defense mechanisms that the company has however all of that 
said we operate in a much, much larger industry which is about 1.8 lakh Crores and there is 
definitely room for more organized players to enter and operate alongside with us. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
Sure, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Satwik from Generational Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Satvik: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So first question is for Vedant. Out of this 320 odd Crores 
revenues could you give the breakup of how much of it was from Mohey and also could 
you share the per square feet revenues of Manyavar and Mohey both if that could be 
possible. 
Vedant Modi: 
We have decided that strategically we are not disclosing the numbers of our brands 
separately as of now. Once they scale up and are larger in nature we will definitely start to 
do that. So it would be difficult to comment on this. Talking about productivity numbers 
which you ask, so about in FY2022 we saw productivity of about 12800 plus and that is the 
kind of productivity we witnessed. The first quarter one of this year beat the last year’s 
quarter quite phenomenally with a 105% SSSG so it would be quite exciting to see the kind 
of productivity numbers we are able to achieve in this financial year, and in terms of brand 
split I think you can refer to our DRHP which mentions the kind of split that our brands 
have dated quarter two for financial year 2022. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Satvik: 
Okay sure that was helpful because I think in the last call you were mentioning that once we 
scale up to like say 10000 per square feet in Mohey then we can look at possibly scaling up 
that massively so I think that was the key metrics you were tracking for the Mohey 
specifically. 
Vedant Modi: 
So I would like to reiterate my point. While Mohey so Manyavar Mohey stores which is a 
flagship concept they have a very good productivity level and even Mohey within our 
newer stores is achieving very good productivity levels what I mentioned or I meant by the 
10000 productivity level in Mohey is that we are experimenting with standalone Mohey 
stores this year. We have not done that before and once we experiment and kind of 
understand the numbers we are able to give out it is the expansion strategy for the 
standalone movie concept rather the Manyavar Mohey flagship concept. 
Satvik: 
Okay that was very helpful. So the second question is for Mr. Murarka, am I correct in my 
understanding that sales are booked basically when the products are shipped to the franchise 
and not when the actual purchases are done to the customer. 
Rahul Murarka: 
That is right. So our primary revenue which we see in the PL it is build upon the 
replenishment which we make to our franchise. 
Satvik: 
Perfect that was very helpful all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rushabh Doshi from Nirmiti Investments 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Doshi: 
Actually we met couple of your retailers so from them what feedback is what was that they  
expect the kids segment to do very well. So if you just throw some light on this and also 
like maybe around 60% of the retailers they were a bit conscious of thinking of adding 
Mohey because firstly it takes a lot of space and secondly they have to take a lot of 
inventory upfront. So how are we addressing these issues or are we going to give them 
higher or gross margin here. So like these are the two questions. 
Vedant Modi: 
If I got the first part correct you were talking about kids right. 
Rushabh Doshi: 
Yes. 
Vedant Modi: 
So internally we have created a separate vertical for kids and there has been a lot of work 
that has gone on in terms of product and our team has been calling and training about kids 
has been talking about how can we solve which is I think that is why the whole retail 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
network is also excited about kids and we have been witnessing good growth. So again kids 
as a category has been doing good SSSG business as well for us. So we are also very 
confident the only sort of concern with kids really is that Manyavar as a brand is so 
productive that sometimes we find it difficult to give the whole kids section more space in 
our stores which would immediately increase the business for kids and that is I think the 
one major thing which we are able to achieve by opening much larger stores. On your other 
side of question so as a company even though we are in a buy and sell model the entire 
inventory is managed by the company by ourselves. So even though the franchisees give us 
our security deposit which takes care of more than the cost of goods that we send to them it 
is not really their responsibility to take care of the product and liquidate it. If the product 
does not sell well in the store as a company and as part of our policies we bring it back to 
the company and we send it to another store and we kind of try to use the entire supply 
chain technology system that we have created in order to make sure that the product gets 
sold and that is what the key USP of a company. While on the other hand this might be the 
reference to a lot of retailers asking us to add Mohey but as a policy we have decided that 
we do not want to add Mohey in stores that do not have this space and capacity to kind of 
show the women the entire plethora of our collections. So the store is less than 3000 to 4000 
square feet typically we do not want Mohey to be in that store. So I think it is more of that 
point than anything else. 
Rushabh Doshi: 
And this could you even share like what percentage would be our kids piece on an overall 
company level. 
Vedant Modi: 
Sorry can you please repeat that I could not hear you. 
Rushabh Doshi: 
What percentage would be our kids segment on a company level. 
Vedant Modi: 
So again we are not disclosing these numbers but right now it is a very small part of the 
overall company level in single digits in low single digit turnover. 
Rushabh Doshi: 
Thanks that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir couple of questions from my side. First on the job work expenses. Why is there 
seasonality in job work given that the manufacturing would actually happen 365 days. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes, you were right. So as far as our production goes on, we carry out our production 
throughout the year 12 months in a year it is done consistently based upon our targets for 
the entire year. This is the consistent thing which happens. So the job charges also you will 
see that consistently it is incurred all around the years it is not that in a particular part of the 
year or a quarter the job charges would be very low or a particular quarter it would be very 
high. So we carried out production throughout the year on a consistent basis. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir the reason why I am asking because if you look at job charges in quarter 4 was about 25 
Crores and this quarter it is around 20 Crores. So the difference in gross margin is actually 
coming on back of job charges being low in the quarter. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So the gross margin is a combination of different things actually if you see there are two, 
three components which becomes part of the gross margin when you compute from our 
financials. We add three, four component one is the job charges, then we add consumptions, 
the raw material consumption, the accessory packing material consumption, and then we 
add up all the change in inventory. So combination of all that has an impact on the gross 
margin and COGS. So by combining all of that we get the COGS and then by reducing 
from revenue we get the gross margins. So job charges typically higher or lower does not 
have any impact on the gross margin per se because it is the cost of goods sold which we 
compute and the gross margin is based upon whatever we had sold. 
Vedant Modi: 
Also I would just like to add one point so another reason of job charges being slightly lower 
than Q4 is that a festival of see EID is in a quarter one of financial year 2023 and that is 
why we typically see a few days of holidays and that is why production quantity is slightly 
lower in some of these quarters and that is another reason why you might see this 
discrepancy from quarter four to quarter one. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And the second question is regarding the employee expenses there also quarter four to 
quarter one we are seeing some decline in employee expenses. So why that difference also. 
Rahul Murarka: 
It is mainly on account of decrease in the director remuneration which is reviewed 
periodically by our board members and the NRC Committee. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So for FY2023 overall will the director remuneration be different compared to FY2022 or 
2021. Is there a board resolution for that or it is a quarterly thing every quarter is being… 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes we have asked a board resolution also for that based upon which the director 
remuneration would be different in FY2023 compared to FY2022. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir can you quantify that. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So it Is a combination of aspects I would say there is a fixed component and there is a 
variable component. Variable component would depend on the profitability. So difficult to 
give you any number on that because of the variable component of that. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure that is helpful thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Sir I have only single question mainly the question is on rental outfield for celebration how 
this is going to cannibalize your market. 
Vedant Modi: 
Could you please repeat your question. 
Vikas Mistry: 
My question is that the rental market for the celebration outfits how this market will going 
to impact our business. 
Vedant Modi: 
So this is the market that we continuously analyze and study and as far as India as a country 
is concerned culture here is very strong and still for majority of our events and celebrations 
we have seen a trend of people tending to buy new clothes as it is part of our cultural 
heritage and that trend continues however as a company we continue to monitor and see the 
rental market and how that kind of evolves over the coming years. 
Vikas Mistry: 
If it evolves are we thinking in direction to just be pivoting to that part also. 
Vedant Modi: 
I think it would be very premature to comment on that the whole idea is business is very 
dynamic we try to keep a track of the overall industry what the consumers are thinking what 
the consumers want and we take decisions accordingly. So right now we do not see any 
such trends happening in the rental market that is of any concern to us of this stage. 
Vikas Mistry: 
My final question is on Mohey. So how we are thinking to scale that up and any guide and 
further understanding on it how we try to scale this up it coming to three, four years. 
Vedant Modi: 
So I think with Mohey as a brand we started the brand in 2016 we took about three years to 
understand that Lehengas will be the nucleus of a category supported by sarees and gowns. 
We launched independent marketing initiatives with Alia Bhatt as a brand ambassador in 
2019 and immediately the brand picked up and so we were able to witness very good 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
growth it was one of the fastest brands to reach 100 Crores of customer revenue in just five 
years in India and so all of these trends that we saw were very positive and even now the 
brands underlying metrics which we track are all in a very good and positive direction. I 
think over the next three to four quarters we should be in a very comfortable position to 
start scaling up Mohey and start to see benefits out of the brand. In terms of our retail 
footprint strategy like I mentioned before in the call we will continue to open up flagship 
stores of Manyavar and Mohey which are very profitable stores for our franchisees and for 
the company and we will continue to start the experiment with the standalone Mohey stores 
this financial year. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Thank you that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi! Just some accounting questions. So one is the employee costs are down in quarter-over-
quarter that is versus Q4 they are down materially any reason for that. 
Rahul Murarka: 
It is mainly because of decline in the director remunerations. So director remuneration has 
reduced in Q1 compared to Q4. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So is this just a phasing issue or I mean what is the reason for this decline. 
Rahul Murarka: 
The director remuneration are decided by the board and we have an independent NRC 
committee which is there comprising of all independent directors. They periodically review 
and revise the director remuneration. So as an annual revision and director remuneration it 
was revised and as a result of which the revised remuneration has been booked in the 
current quarter. 
Percy Panthaki: 
It has been revised downwards. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So this is like a permanent saving which will accrue for the remaining three quarters as 
well. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Yes it is for the entire year and as I mentioned it is a mixture of a fixed and a variable 
component the variable component would depend upon the profitability as well. 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly can you give some idea on margins your EBITDA margin is in excess of 50% so 
is there some particular set of conditions which is resulting in this being so healthy like is it 
that you have got some inventory gains on raw materials or there is some phasing of the ad 
spend or there is some normal seasonality or something like that or this is like something 
which is sort of the factors are recurring factors and this kind of margin can continue for the 
rest of the year. 
Rahul Murarka: 
In last two years if you will see we have been able to consistently deliver around 50% of 
EBITDA I think one of the major aspect which has happened is the introduction of Ind AS 
116 the lease rental accounting which was introduced with effect from April 1, 2019. Now 
as a result of which earlier than this new standard which has come all my rental expenses 
used to come before EBITDA as a lease cost and after this 116 accounting has come 
majority of this cost is appearing as a depreciation in my profit and loss account which has 
in a way resulted in a change if you see our EBITDA levels prior to 2019-2020 and after 
that there has been some impact because of that accounting I would say but otherwise I 
think we have been able to deliver consistently around 50% of EBITDA in the recent times 
and we are confident as of now and we do not find any challenge also towards it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Is there any seasonality here also in terms of like typically in a normal year your Q1 margin 
would be higher or lower than a full year margin. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So on a quarterly basis and as Vedant  was also mentioning our quarterly split of revenue 
does vary from one quarter to another typically we have Q3 is the best quarter for us with 
around 33%, 35% of revenue coming from there q1 is around 24%, 25% Q4 is around 25%, 
27% and Q2 is around 12% to 14%, 15%. So that is the range that comes so of course the 
operating leverages which we get on amount of the fix overhead that increases in the quarter 
in which we have higher revenues so in those quarters you will get maybe a higher PAT 
margin because of the operating leverages on account of the fixed overhead cost and in the 
quarters which are having the lower revenue makes in both quarters you will have a lower 
PAT margin because of the lesser operating leverage of the fixed overhead cost. So those 
variations you will be seeing from one quarter to another. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. So there will be a variation in EBITDA margin quarter-to-quarter but there is no 
reason to believe that gross margins would vary from quarter-to-quarter right. 
Rahul Murarka: 
That may also very the gross margin also look we can see the gross margin of 68.8% in the 
current quarter as we mentioned improving the gross margin has always been the endeavor 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
of the company in the past and in the future also, but in quarterly basis it may vary because 
of various factors but so that is why… 
Percy Panthaki: 
The random variations you are saying I am saying there is no systemic variation that this 
quarter has to be higher and this quarter has to be lower as far as gross margins are 
concerned would that understanding be right. 
Vedant Modi: 
So that is correct to an extent because unlike other peers in the industry we do not have any 
end of season sales or discounts that come up in a quarter two or a quarter four. So the 
range of our gross margin which we expect to be about 66%, 67% which is what we are 
comfortable seeing at this time will continue to happen in the coming quarters as well and 
that gross margin levels do not change significantly at all. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay that is all from me. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Last question comes from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Two questions from my side again. One is you said non-groom related footfalls were higher 
in the quarter. So does the Kurta and non-groom related sales have similar gross margins in 
the system or they would be slightly lower in the system as your advertising campaign is 
also towards the non-groom related sales to drive that. 
Vedant Modi: 
So gross margins within the Manyavar brand are pretty similar, there is slight variance in 
different products even within let us say Kurtas because we believe in pricing according to 
the consumer’s eye. So while we as a company use science in almost all our aspects pricing 
is something where we brought in art. So we price our products without looking the cost 
and then we look at the cost and see if this product makes sense and should we send it to 
our flow. So overall while there is some variance within each category themselves overall 
margins within the Manyavar brand are pretty similar. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My second question would be on online this quarter in the presentation you have not shared 
the share of online or the revenues. So what is happening on the online side this year we 
were expected to see revamp of digital things so where are you on the progress front on that 
if you can just highlight. 
Vedant Modi: 
In terms of numbers compared to pre-COVID levels of quarter one financial year 2020 we 
are about 3.7 times when it comes to our online revenue the CAGR has been about 55% for 

 
 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
August 09, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
three years. In terms of our overall digital strategy we have hired good companies with one 
of the best in class software technology platforms and the overall digital revamp is in place 
and we are quite excited and should be out sometime in quarter four of this year. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And one last thing you mentioned this quarter lot of shop in shop was opened now the 
presentation again does not have the number for that while earlier presentations used to 
have that if you can consistently give us this data point it will help us analyze online and 
shop in shop where are the EBOs open. So just a feedback on that. 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure, we will take that into consideration for next time. Thank you. 
Modertor: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints we have reached the end of question and answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management of closing 
commands. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you everyone for the participation and hope we were able to reply properly to all 
your queries and please feel free to connect with us in case you have any further queries or 
questions separately. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
