 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(Formerly Sansera Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Reg Off: No. 143/A, Jigani Link Road, Bangalore-560 105, India, Tel: +91 80-27839081/82/83.  Fax: +91 80-27839309 
E-mail id: info@sansera.in Website: www.sansera.in CIN: L34103KA1981PLC004542 
 
 
August 16, 2022 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
 
 
BSE Limited,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
 
 
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400001 
 
Scrip Symbol: SANSERA 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543358 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Subject: Transcript of Earning group conference call presentation  
 
Please find attached transcript of Earning group conference call held on August 8, 2022 on 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
The above transcript will also be made available on the website of our Company at 
www.sansera.in. 
 
 
We request you to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
for Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
Rajesh Kumar Modi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Sansera Engineering Limited Q1 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 08, 2022 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 8th August 2022 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B R PREETHAM – GROUP CEO, SANSERA 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS GOEL – CFO, SANSERA ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN CHAUHAN – COO, SANSERA 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Good morning, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to Sansera Engineering Limited Q1 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company which are based on belief, opinion and expectations of the company as on the date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to B R Preetham – Group CEO, Sansera Engineering Limited. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
B R Preetham: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone Welcome and thanks for joining this call. On this call I am 
joined our CFO – Mr. Vikas Goel and Mr. Praveen Chauhan who has been now elevated to 
COO. Praveen takes over as our COO henceforth so congratulations Praveen and SGA our 
Investor Relations Advisors. The Results and the Presentation are uploaded on the stock 
exchange and the company website I hope everybody had a chance to look at it. 
I am delighted to be here today to talk to you about our  Q1 FY23 and the progress that we have 
made since our last Earnings Call. With a  35% year-on-year growth in our top line of Rs. 5,329 
million, once again Sansera has reported a healthy set of numbers.  
As a  precision forged and machined components supplier with comprehensive capabilities, we 
have created a unique value proposition for our customers. As a result, we have been able to add 
new customers and our existing customers are expanding their product baskets with us. I am 
very delighted and proud to share that we have added Tata Motors and Force Motors to our client 
list and this opens up many opportunities for us to participate in various programs across PVs as 
well as CVs both in ICE and electric vehicle space. 
We have also been honored to be recognized by Toyota Industries for our unrelentless efforts 
towards delivery and awarded ‘Best Target achieved Supplier in Delivery for the Year 2021’. 
We have been able to repeat these performances consistently getting awards from Toyota as well 
as other customers.  
Let me now give you a quick update on the industry before we talk about our operating 
performance: 
The domestic auto industry has been doing better thanks to rising demand, consumer confidence 
in rural areas easing semiconductor supply issues and declining commodity prices. In general, 
commodity prices are easing though alloy steel which is applicable to our products continues to 
increase till Q1 FY23 while expected to reduce marginally in Q2 FY23 and on a overall year 
basis we expect that further reductions should happen.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
As per the data published by SIAM during the period of April to June 2022, auto sales soared  
across the board. Recent auto sales figures reported by auto OEMs continue to show an upturn 
and it is anticipated that this trend will continue in the second quarter as we approach the festive 
season. In fact, our key customers have indicated a positive growth for this year. Exports are 
expected to be weak in the sense that we do not expect any big jump in our export numbers 
compared to the last year. This is primarily result of the war, the commodity price increase, 
energy cost increases still continued semiconductor challenges and also rising fear of inflation 
as well as recession. So, we expect that our export performance could be flat this year.  
Coming to our performance: 
We registered a year-on-year growth of 35% to achieve total revenues of 5,329 million with an 
EBITDA margin of (+14%). Our CFO – Vikas will talk about this in detail a bit later. 
Our auto segments which caters to global and domestic OEMs across two wheelers, passenger 
vehicles and commercial space contributed to around 89% of our sales in Q1 FY23. Slowly and 
steadily our product portfolio is shifting towards our long-term vision which we have set forth. 
In Q1 FY23, 89% of auto segments revenues included a 9% contribution from auto tech agnostic 
and xEV products was vis-a-vis 4% in Q1 FY22 and 6% in FY22.  
In terms of current auto segment sales mix – motor cycles contributed to 36% of our top line the 
segment has benefitted on account of additional customers and higher share of business for 
Sansera. Scooters accounted for 14% of our top line with positive trend of increasing share of 
business of scooters in overall two-wheeler markets especially the EV scooter. 
Passenger vehicles accounted for 27% of the top line, commercial vehicle accounted for 11% of 
our top line we expect our CV segment to benefit from CV upcycle as well as addition of new 
customers.  
Within the non-automotive segment, we manufacture for the aerospace off road, agriculture and 
other  segment including engineering and capital goods. This segment contributed to 11% of the 
sales in the quarter in our current sales mix. Aerospace and agriculture accounted for 3% of the 
topline, off-road accounted for 4% of the top line and remaining 1% of the top line came from 
other segments. We expect to close about 30% to 40% growth in revenues in aerospace sector 
this year. 
In terms of our progress in electrification, our xEV portfolio of components is aligned to benefit 
from the growth in this industry. New business wins from xEVs have been on the rise and as on 
July end we have had orders from 10 customers across multiple components.  
In addition to this, we have recently received order confirmations for xEV components from two 
two-wheeler manufactures namely Ultraviolet and Hero Motors. This is in addition to the 
existing customers we have already added. We have also received the first nomination letter for 
a marquee North American based EV manufacturers of passenger vehicle for whom we were 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
already developing a component for their truck segment, but now received nomination for the 
passenger vehicle segment. 
On the CAPEX front – our new aerospace and defense facilities is expected to get ready by the 
end of second quarter and mass production of this facility is expected to start from FY24 because 
we need to go through a lot of validation and certification process in the last two quarters of this 
financial year.  
Coming to our order pipe line: 
As indicated or as published on  SEBI as well as on our website we took a hit on account of 
withdrawal of contracts on a leading North American OEM. This contract was worth 3,000 plus 
crore which was awarded to us in the month of April and entailed  development, manufacturing 
and supply of connecting rod which was due to start from July 2025. Based on recent business, 
review of the business plan our customer decided to drop the entire project consequent to which 
the contract awarded to us by  aforesaid OEMs stands withdrawn. Since this contract was slated 
to start in July 2025, we have not made any investments either in resources or in money towards 
this project and a loss of this project has no impact on our growth plan including for our plans 
of  the US  facility which we would go ahead and make it.  
As on July 31st, 2022, our order book with annual peak revenues stood at Rs. 11.1 billion with 
auto ICE  contributing to 5.3 billion, 48% of tech agnostics adding to 3.4 billion and 31% of 
non-auto accounting to 2.4 billion. This order book also echoes our evolving product mix and 
customer base and is line with our long-term visions. Going forward our growth will come on 
both auto and non-auto side. Indian auto ancillary producers are well positioned and appreciated 
for their work in the area of component development, consistent quality and clear cut price 
advantages. Besides, China plus one strategy has also been helpful in acquiring more and more 
business.  
Now as the vehicle cycle is getting into a newer set of engines, newer platforms that are going 
to come up in the next couple of years a lot of OEMs are increasing their reliance on outsourcing. 
Sansera is well equipped to capture these growth opportunities with long history of operational 
excellence. Also, we see strong growth opportunities in new technologies, new materials and we 
are committed to grow in these areas while mitigating business risk. We expect that technology 
agnostic and non-auto components to grow by around 50% in FY23. With new facility coming 
on stream aerospace and defense would be a major contributor to this as well. I am confident 
that investments we have been making on aerospace and defense side will help us tremendously 
as this long-anticipated industry recovery arives. We expect the revenue contribution of 
technology agnostic and non-auto component segment should be around 22% in FY23 up from 
17% in FY22. This segment is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 50% to reach 40% of the total 
revenues in the next three years to come.  
With this, now I will now handover the presentation to our CFO – Vikas Goel for the 
consolidated financial highlights.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Vikas Goel: 
Thank you Preetham. Talking about the Q1 performance for financial year 2023 as we mentioned 
earlier the revenue stood at 5,329 million as against 3,951 million in the same quarter previous 
year which is a 35% growth year-on-year. I would like to highlight that this growth is largely on 
account of revival in the domestic market. We have also witnessed higher volumes, better sales 
mix in this quarter alongside marginal price increases from some of the customers. On a 
sequential basis, we saw some improvement in the gross margins primarily due to passing on of 
the commodity price increases to one of the key export customer during this quarter. EBITDA 
stood at 922 million as against 645 million for Q1 FY22.  
With a better capacity utilization, the company’s EBITDA margin improved from 16.3% in Q1 
FY22 to 17.3% in the Q1 of FY23. Owing to higher debt levels the finance cost for the quarter 
increased to Rs. 137 million as compared to 116 million in the corresponding quarter in FY22 
though on a sequential basis this is still improved from 147 million in Q4 of last year to 136 
million this quarter. Profit after tax from 348 million in Q1 FY23 as against Rs. 189 million in 
Q1 FY22 which is a growth of 84% on a year-on-year basis.  
In terms of geographical sales mix for Q1 FY23 stands as follows India contributed 71%, sales 
to customers in Europe about 17% and USA 9%, other foreign countries contributed to  3% of 
our total revenues. Exports have been muted in this quarter and we expect this trend to continue 
in the near term owing to the reasons explained by Preetham during his address.  
I would like to take a brief moment now to talk about the various cost optimization initiatives 
that we are working on. In terms of packaging materials optimization, a lot of renewable 
packaging is being adopted now to reduce our dependence on the onetime packaging sources or 
to reduce the impact on the environment as well as to keep the cost in control. We are also 
looking at consolidating logistics from our various Bangalore based plant. We intend to secure 
about 80% of our energy requirements at our Bangalore facilities by renewable energy sources 
during the balance of FY23. These initiatives will not only help us in controlling cost, but also 
are more sustainable and environment friendly. 
With this, we come to the end of our presentation for Q1 and we open the floor for question and 
answer. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with our question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Few questions one if I look at sequentially two-wheeler market has growth almost by high single 
digit whereas your sequential revenues is down 8% if you can explain sir? 
B R Preetham: 
As I said that sequentially two-wheeler revenues the question was that two wheeler revenue has 
grown, but your overall revenue is down sequentially is that the question? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yes.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
B R Preetham: 
Totally see two wheeler revenue compared to QoQ is I think it is flat it is not really grown, but 
then see this is helped by definitely there is a better numbers that have come in the domestic 
market for us and the order wins that we have had from the last year where I had spoken about 
China plus policy where we had secured some business from one of our plans have now started 
maturing into full volumes and also product mix change with couple of our customers into the 
new engine has actually increased our share of business with them. So, all these things have 
actually resulted in the better two-wheeler growth for us.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
I was just trying to understand what segment was the main spoil sport in taking the sequential 
revenue down and how one should look at it ahead? 
B R Preetham: 
Added to that, approximately about 17 crores worth of finished goods we could not actually 
dispatch it which was ready and cleared by our export customer due to a logistic disagreement 
or they had with the logistics provider who could not pick it up so that also would have actually 
otherwise added to our revenue the material was ready in fact we had to reverse it because the 
logistic provider did not pick up it was there designated logistic provider now that issue has been 
resolved and as explained in my calls the exports continue to be weak and we do not expect 
though we are expecting only about a percent or flat growth in the exports from India, but our 
Sweden facility would see a degrowth this specific year owing to in the last call also I had said 
that there is a share of business change between us and other suppliers due to their de-risking 
the business model wherever we are 100% they have reduced it to 70% given it to 30% to the 
other supplier similarly wherever on the platform.  So, that transition is going to have an effect 
on this year from next year onwards the business would be on track and plus the slowdown in 
the Europe. So, with this overall exports is drag on us for this year and for this quarter as well, 
but we expect the domestic mix and our new product like the hybrid components the production 
has started, we expect that couple of more EV two wheeler manufacturer mass production which 
we are developing and develop would start into the third and fourth quarter. So, all these things 
we will definitely we will see a positive growth.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, broadly the 20% revenue growth outlook from overall revenue compounding perspective 
and this weakness in exports, do you see any changes to that perspective from this year? 
B R Preetham: 
I do not want to say whether we will do 20% or 18% or 15%, but definitely we will have a double 
digit growth and we are quite confident that all our new order wins as well as our increased 
shared of business will make up for the exports slowdown this year, but if the exports starts 
doing better towards the Q3 and Q4 we should really be talking about those high double digit 
growth.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Second thing sir in the initial part you have commented alloy steel prices still elevated and you 
are expecting that to come down from Q2 onwards, but if I see your gross margins which has 
improved almost 230 bps sequentially so bulk of the EBITDA margin improvement is led by 
gross margins, so how to interpret that? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Vikas Goel: 
As I mentioned that we got some price increases from some of the customers and also from one 
of the major export customers, we were able to secure a price increase though it was not part of 
the standard contract, but we were able to get that price increase was our correction in the gross 
margins for this quarter and since sequentially if you see the volumes have slightly come down 
so that is a give and take impact between the gross margin and the overall cost structure. So, we 
were still able to improve our overall EBITDA margin by about 0.1% from Q4 to Q1.  
B R Preetham:  
Basu added to that as I said that our new order wins and the last, we have been increasing our 
share of business into the new engines and these also come with a better margins. So, as these 
volumes start maturing this will also show a better margin growth on to the balance sheet.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Preetham you talked about the new order wins one of the client you mentioned is Tata Motors 
if you can throw some light what kind of an order is this, how scalable is this order and also one 
of the client you mentioned about an EV player largest EV player what kind of a product traction 
we are seeing from him, how you look at that scale in the next one or two year from him that 
would be helpful that is my first question? 
B R Preetham: 
Tata Motors and Force Motors while we have been having a lot of interaction with both these 
customers, we were able to secure this business very recently and to be very initially we need to 
also demonstrate and this is for their passenger vehicle segment and this is to begin with is for 
the connecting rods and we will be supplying close to about 600,000 connecting rods once the 
production mass production starts and this would go up with the time depending on our 
performance. We are also delighted that we are engaging with them on to various other products 
as well. So, the journey has just begun with them and we are quite hopeful of that and similarly 
with Force Motors now we have had initial first order we are developing the components and 
this is also very close to about 100,000 Con-rods to begin with for their programs and slowly we 
are expected to take a major share of business in their volume as well. As far as the orders that I 
mentioned about the nomination that we have received for the new component for the most 
marquee name in the EV vehicle industry from North America, we have already had an order 
from them for their Semi range of vehicles, but this is for the passenger vehicle segment and we 
expect that we have been working with them, we have engaged with them from last two, three 
years as I have been explaining at every new client it takes a bit of time to get especially with 
COVID times that we could not travel and the thing, but now we have been able to get this order. 
We also expect that there could be some more of them coming our way. We are engaged with 
them with many more projects on various levels of both technical and commercial aspects and 
in our opinion that we should be able to hear some more good news from them in the coming 
days as and when we get those information we would with their consent we would disclose them. 
Nitin Arora: 
Just on the client cancellation one of the order? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
B R Preetham: 
These are part of very complex forged and machine components, part of seating  assembly and 
door assembly as what we are now doing, but there are other components which again are part 
of drive train, chassis and suspension with which we are working on.  
Nitin Arora: 
So, in both the domestic client and in the overseas client it is a replacement of the existing 
venders where the orders are coming from to you? 
B R Preetham: 
I think it is because of their growth that customer is seeing they are adding I think additional 
vendors to cater to the growth.  
Nitin Arora: 
The second question is the order which got cancelled by one of the players globally, any 
feedback from them in terms of whether there was a change in program itself or they are coming 
with some upgradation in that program that is why it was cancelled anything from their side? 
B R Preetham: 
It is a very initial information that we have received because of the compulsory mandate that we 
had to disclose it we had to immediately disclose that. We are engaged with them to get more 
information, but as we understand owing to the current situation this program has been cancelled, 
overall program has been cancelled as this was also new technology engine. We are yet to hear 
from them what would replace this because we are also quite curious. We are engaged with them 
in different programs. In fact, there is another project which is mass production starting from 
October this year which goes to the European region specifically. So, we are engaged with them 
on various other projects. So, we are yet to hear whether this would take in any other shape will 
it come back or in any other volume this project will come back we are yet to hear these are very 
initial. As and when I have the more information I would definitely share them, but just to be in 
the interest of others also they would know that this is a very while order sometimes the projects 
get cancelled from customers it is not very new, but this was quite early in the phase of 
development, but one thing that they made  sure that since people who are getting ready for 
investments I think there was an early announcement from their side to make sure that the people 
dont ahead and do thing. While this is not very usual, but it is not uncommon also that the 
customers for various reasons can cancel a project.  
Nitin Arora: 
Just lastly on  you highlighted that the exports because I think Bajaj Auto would be relatively 
bigger for you when we look at their exports, their exports was down or rather was not increasing 
on an average in the last two, three months, given these exports remained at that level only and 
you have reached to a revenue of 530 crore which you did in Q2 FY22 with a 19.8% margins, 
directionally from here if commodity starts cooling off which we are seeing a trend do you think 
going back to those margins with increase in revenue and I am just taking that domestic might 
increase exports might remain there, you think margin should start ploughing back towards that 
18%, 19% with increase in top line if directionally you can help us with exports remaining 
stagnant because I think in opening commentary itself you said that you are assuming that no 
new growth the growth should come from the new platform even in exports so if that you can 
help us understand? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
B R Preetham: 
Nitin while I said that percentage growth may not be there, but we would still grow on the overall 
revenue because our domestic growth will also be there so percentage might be fully flat and yes 
you are right that once the commodity starts cooling down and the new product mix are going 
into the future we are quite hopeful with the better utilization on the two wheeler capacities that 
we have had we should start looking at margins improvement from the current level. So, we are 
quite hopeful that those numbers would start becoming better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sidharth Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir my first question again is on this new component order for the PV  segment from the  North 
American OEM, any idea about when does this sort of orders get into an order book from the 
current stage and revenues start coming in and just if you can highlight some of these 
components what will be the value per component which we are looking at both current and 
potentially? 
B R Preetham: 
As I said that some of them for their existing models and some of the work that we are doing for 
the new upcoming upgrades, but one nomination that we have received is for a component which 
is for the current model. So, I expect that once the validation is through in the year FY24 that is 
in the calendar year 23 itself the mass production should start and there are few others which are 
in the line which are for the existing models. So, we expect that our mass production for this 
customer for the passenger vehicle components should happen in FY24 towards the first or 
second quarter of FY24.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
And the value sir if you can highlight both for these components and the ones you are working 
on? 
B R Preetham: 
I would not be able to do that because of the contractual obligations that we have, but I am pretty 
sure that the value proposition is good and we expect that they will be one among the top 10 
customers for us in the couple of years time.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir just one clarification also when in a PPT you have shown that we have received orders from 
10 EV customers of which I see that in the PV one name has got added, so will it be this customer 
only or somebody else you are indicating here? 
B R Preetham: 
Yes this customer.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
And second question is on this EV product for the two-wheeler segment again I think these 
names may not be reflecting in the list because the number of customers remain the same, so 
here also what will be the products we are working on and when do you expect these production 
to start? 
B R Preetham: 
I give it to Praveen can you answer this on Ultraviolet, Ather and Hero business that it may not 
have been added. So, two of the customers like Ultraviolet and Hero MotoCorp has not been 
added into this because this was post July that the nomination letters came. In fact, Praveen 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
would add more into what kind of components that we have received and kit value that we have 
been working on with these, but again with respect to Ather and Ultraviolet I think we will get 
into the production quite soon because these are already products, these are not for any new 
models these are for current existing models and upgrade of their design. So, Praveen you can 
take over.  
Praveen Chauhan: 
So Siddhartha the journey so far in the EV segment has been very exciting and as we have been 
talking about that as it is in one of the biggest two-wheeler supplier we have exceeded the auto 
ICE biggest customer our kit value in a scooter and in these customers like Ather  and Ultraviolet 
also we are either reaching close to the numbers of auto ICE or exceeding those numbers. So, 
the journey has been quite good and as we have  been talking about that journey has just begin 
and the content could be much more we are seeing those contents being added regularly.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir last question is on the US plans, so I think you highlighted that this order not coming through 
or US plans have not changed so any other big client you think can potentially also coming here 
because it was quite a sizable order and you were banking on a couple of them for the US plans, 
so some clarity here? 
B R Preetham: 
As I said that this order of North American client was definitely an icing on the cake and it would 
have really means that capacity that we were planning to put in US was quite big. So, because 
this was entirely being manufactured - was supposed to be being manufactured in the US while 
the blanks were manufactured by somebody else we had to machine the blanks because this was 
out of the sintered route, but this would not alter any program whether we are going to start a 
facility in US it will definitely be there, the scale may be slightly lower because of now any new 
order wins that we have had we could do it partially in India, partially  at our comfort and 
convenience as to what we want to do here. Just to add that we keep getting different orders 
while this is on the normal course of business I would like to add that recently we have been 
nominated for one more program of US based client close to about 1.8 million Con-rods per 
annum and this was the connecting rod which we have been working on from the last two years 
where we have participated in the designs, our samples have been tested at various stages of 
production and this program is going to start from calendar year 23 - FY24  towards the second 
half of the calendar year and quite a big order. This would also over the time we would look at 
while we will start the production from India as their capacities ramp up we will try and add 
some capacities in our US plans also for this. So, added to this there are other customers with 
whom we are actively engaged both in automotive as well as non-automotive space like the off-
road customer that we have like one of the biggest large stationary engine or engine 
manufactures that are based out of US. So, these are definitely a very positive we expect some 
orders to start flowing from them for that program as a global program. So, our US plans stands 
we are committed to that of course the size and nature has definitely going to undergo changes 
as and when we keep getting the orders.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Jyoti Singh: 
My question is on the exports front as we are seeing weaknesses on the export front and we also 
have major chunk from the export side, so going forward how much growth guidance we are 
expecting and also on the Europe side as we are seeing issue on the energy prices that got 5x, so 
how we are dealing on that front? 
B R Preetham: 
Exports as I said madam this year we will not have any growth in fact we will have a flat zero 
to probably a 1% or 2% growth depending on the next two quarters of the region’s performance. 
While there are programs new programs that are started in both in US and in Europe for us that 
is actually going to offset whatever is the degrowth that market will have. So, that is why we are 
maintaining a flat position on revenue compared to the last year on exports. Of course, as I said 
that exports from India could be slightly better than the last  year, but our production out of 
Swedish plant will be lower than the last year so that would actually get nullified. So, in Europe 
our manufacturing facility definitely there is challenges related to energy cost as everybody is 
facing, but we have made plans to mitigate that our management is very aware of this in Sweden 
and they have been taking all the necessary steps to make sure that we get energy at the best 
possible prices, but very limited actions that we could take in terms of what we can do there. 
There is only better planning in terms of usage of the facilities at the peak hours we could 
probably avoid those things do not use it during the weekend. So, those things are being done 
other than that we do not have much of a control on the energy cost while saying that in India 
we are progressing quite fast. In fact all our Karnataka facilities  at the end of this year for the 
current capacities that we have put up we will be about for the current demand almost between 
85% and 90% of our power will come from our long term contracts from the renewables. We 
are also studying other opportunities for our Maharashtra and for our Haryana facilities to go 
furthermore increase on this thing. So, overall Sansera is committed to work on the green energy. 
So, this is the roadmap that we have.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir my second question on the margin front so how will margin get impacted with change in 
sales mix towards domestic? 
Vikas Goel: 
If we look at margins it is a function of three variables. One is the volume, second is the mix and 
third is the commodity prices. So, these are all as we have seen and I believe that this will 
continue to happen. All the three have been changing in one direction or the other. So while we 
expect a positive operating leverage because of the volumes growth in our domestic markets and 
that should help. On the commodities front we now expect this should stabilize and that should 
also help and we are also seeing a better product mix in the domestic as well as exports which is 
actually helping us improve our margins or helping us register better margins going forward. So, 
we believe that the three of these factors will actually help us to maintain or consolidate our 
margins at the current levels can slightly improve. We are not expecting any negative movement 
on our margins. Even though our exports are not going to register significant growth.  
B R Preetham: 
Overall we expect that it will be 17 plus percent whether we will end up at   17.5, 18 or 18.5 
largely depends on the next two quarters of our performance, but we will be definitely 17 plus 
percent.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 08,2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments.  
B R Preetham: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today on this earning call. We appreciate your interest in 
Sansera while the industry is going through a lot of challenges so is Sansera, but we are 
constantly working on adapting to these changes and catering to all our customers changing 
needs, changing mix and we are very hopeful that with the current order book and the positioning 
that we have we will register a positive growth double digit growth and maintain a 17% EBITDA 
and with this we conclude this call today and if you have any further queries please contact SGA 
our Investment Relation Advisors or us directly we could clarify them. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Sansera Engineering Limited that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you.  
