 
 
16th August 2022 
IOLCP/CGC/2022 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Security Symbol: IOLCP 
 
Security Code: 524164 
 
 
Sub:-   Transcript of Q1FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call dated 10th August 2022  
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 9th August 2022 regarding intimation of Schedule of analyst/ 
investors conference call – Q1 FY23, please find attached herewith the transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call organized by the Company on 10th August 2022 post declaration of audited 
financial results for the quarter ended 30th June2022. 
 
This is for information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited  
 
 
 
Abhay Raj Singh 
Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ABHAY 
RAJ SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ABHAY RAJ SINGH 
Date: 2022.08.16 
14:57:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
“IOL Chemical and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q1 FY-2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2022 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
of IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited. From the management we have Dr. Sanjay 
Chaturvedi - Executive Director and CEO, Mr. Pardeep Khanna – Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Abhay Raj Singh – VP and Company Secretary.  As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some 
of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. I now hand the conference over to Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi 
for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Thank you very much. Very good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining today's 
call wherein we are going to look at our operational and financial performance during the 
first quarter that ended on June 30, 2022. I trust you have all gone through our financials 
and investor presentation that has been made available on the exchanges. I would like to 
share some insight into overall economy performance, and the trend in sectors that we 
are all a part of and then my colleague, Mr. Pardeep Khanna, our CFO will take you 
through the financials, and that will be followed up by the Q&A session. So, I would say 
that, you know, after a subdued last quarter of the previous financial year, the sentiments 
in global markets have turned a little positive, with overall commodity prices softening. 
We have seen volatility, and other central banks are taking measures to tackle inflation 
as well. Crude price too has also seen a correction where the average import price falling 
by about 25% from the peak value. However, the elevated gas prices continue to be an 
area of concern with LNG and CNG pricing surging more than 40% over the last couple of 
months. The domestic economy is witnessing a strong revival in consumption and the 
recovery has been there in the services sector too. This growth is also likely to be fueled 
by a lower base last year, as the second wave of COVID had spread across the country, 
severely impacting the businesses. The domestic economy is witnessing the revival overall 

 
Page 2 of 14 
and this has allayed any recession related speculation. Over the next few years, I think 
our focus as a company will be on diversifying into other specialty chemical products and 
increase the share of a non-ibuprofen business in pharmaceutical. The investment that 
we planned in setting up a new plant will aid the company in strengthening our position 
in both domestic and export markets and this will cater to global customers, thereby 
helping and improving our market share, both in the domestic segment as well as an 
export segment. Over the course of the next few quarters, the company plans to explore 
new geographies and de-risk the business with continuous backward integration model, 
and this will play out to improve both our top line as well as profitability. The various 
business challenges of softening demand, rising input costs and volatility in chemical 
prices are slowly getting normalized as you can see in the improvement in our EBITDA 
margins. However, we do believe that all these challenges are temporary phenomenon, 
the robust global demand on the specialty chemicals front along with pharma owing to a 
shift in market share from China as you have all heard China plus one strategy. We believe 
that this will overall benefit the segment and the whole sector in the next coming years. 
Funneling down to the sector, the Indian pharma sector has been leading the battle front 
in the battle against COVID last two years but there have been supply chain disruptions 
and this has actually opened doors for Indian API manufacturers. So, at present Indian 
pharma players rely a lot on the Chinese API imports, and the situation is changing. After 
the pandemic, the government has been encouraging manufacturing of local APIs 
domestically to lessen the dependence on the Chinese market and as one of the leading 
API manufacturers, IOL is strengthening our position by increasing capacity and improving 
our supply chain position. On the specialty chemical front, the sector is benefited by 
strong global demand, owing to shift in the market share from China, coupled with the 
depreciating rupee, which also boosts the margins for the domestic players and for IOL 
the time is opportune to maximize and leverage the global demand in both segments as 
we diversify into newer specialty chemical products and also grow our ibuprofen business 
and the non-ibuprofen API segment as well. Within the pharma division, the non-
ibuprofen segment for us is growing gradually and we expect this to be about 50% of the 
pharma segment within the next year or so. So, to focus on the non-ibuprofen business, 
the plant the CAPEX of around Rs. 300 crores, this will impact both specialty chemical and 
some pharma intermediates. We are coming up with a new plant in western India for 
specialty and pharma intermediates, and this will cater to customers both in the domestic 
and international market. This project is going to take shape and is expected to be 
complete within 18 months. We are also additionally increasing our existing ethyl acetate 
capacity by about 20% and from 100,000 metric tons per annum, we will go to about 
120,000 metric tons per annum and this will increase our market share in this product 
segment and we expect this capacity to be on stream by the end of the financial year. So, 
in summary, I would say despite strong headwinds and raw material and energy pricing, 

 
Page 3 of 14 
IOL have emerged stronger than before. We are confident of growing both our specialty 
chemical as well as the pharma sector and with this I would like to hand over to my 
colleague, Mr. Pardeep Khanna our CFO who will share the financial details with you. Over 
to you, Mr. Pardeep. 
Pradeep Khanna:  
Thank you, Dr. Sanjay. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today to 
discuss our performance for the first quarter ended 30th June 2022. I will take you 
through financial highlights for the first quarter of financial year 2023. Total income of the 
company in quarter one stood at Rs. 570 crores as against Rs. 524 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of financial year 22 and Rs. 579 crore in previous quarter ended 
March 2022. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 61 Crore as against Rs. 116 crore in the 
corresponding quarter of financial year 2022 and Rs. 50 crore in previous quarter ended 
March 2022. EBITDA margin for the quarter improved to 10.7% as against 8.6% in the 
previous quarter. Net profit in quarter one of financial year 2023 was Rs. 34.9 crore as 
against Rs. 67 crore in the corresponding quarter of financial year 2022 and Rs. 27.8 crore 
in the previous quarter ended March 2022. With price volatility in the chemicals business 
normalizing over last few months, the EBIT margin in the segment was much better at 
16% compared to 5% in the corresponding period of the last year and negative of 2% in 
the previous quarter. The EBIT margin for the pharmaceutical segment too improved to 
23% from 12% in the corresponding period of the last year, and 30% in Q4FY22. Due to 
improved price realization the company's margin, gross profit, EBITDA and net profit, all 
were higher vis-a-vis last quarter. With this, we open the forum for question answer 
session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We have the first 
question from the line of Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Hello, good evening, sir. Sir, you mentioned that we are we will establish a plant in 
western India. So, my question is whether the land has been bought or still it is not 
considered or is not decided. What is the status? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, Mohammed the land has not been bought, we are considering two or three different 
options and very shortly, we will finalize that and move ahead. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay sir, the next question is, there are lots of regulatory inspections are going on like US 
FDA and all those things in different areas of India. So, is there any regular inspection 
pending for IOLCP and/ or any approval coming in next quarter for DMF or anything else? 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, we had our last US FDA audit in October of 2019. So, and you know, the CPs are 
ongoing. We got our Russian approval and the Korean approval last year. So, at this point, 
nothing is pending, but even if there are audits, we are absolutely geared in terms of 
infrastructure and documentation to pass these audits. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay any DMF approvals coming in upcoming quarters. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, we have filed three DMFs in the last quarter, and, you know, a couple of DMFs in the 
quarter previous as well and our plan is to file about five to six DMFs every year. So, as 
these DMFs gets filed naturally, we will come up for audits and reviews and as and when 
those DMFs are approved, we will shortly grow and expand our business into the US 
market based on these approvals that we get. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay, sir, thank you. If I see sector wise profit still there is not much recovery actually no 
recovery in the pharma business, whatever recovery has come is from the chemical 
business. What is the future in that pharma means. Is there any recovery coming, you see 
any recovery coming in pharma business? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Yes, we do see recovery coming in the pharma business. See, if you look at the non-
ibuprofen portfolio for us, two of the key products - metformin and paracetamol have 
seen a significant price correction over the last two quarters. Paracetamol that was 
consistently selling at close to Rs. 800 a kilo corrected to below Rs. 600. So the impact 
that you see on the P&L is really due to the price erosion in two of our key products. If I 
look at the other products that we have fenofibrate and clopidogrel, you know, these are 
all products that continue to do remarkably well. So, I think what we have to look at is a 
blended portfolio and now that the price has corrected even the raw material prices have 
started to come down. So, we do believe that going forward, the profitability in the non-
ibuprofen segment will actually be more sustainable than it has been in the past. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay, sir. In last three months, we have established two subsidiaries, IOL Life Sciences, 
and Specialty Chemicals? So, Specialty Chemicals, I have little knowledge, but in the Life 
Sciences, how is it different from the API and Life Science, and any different products 
coming from the Life Science Business. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, at this point, these are subsidiaries that have been established for new businesses 
that will commence in here. Clearly, IOL Specialty Chemicals will have Specialty Chemicals 
Business and you can put two and two together where now that we have announced the 
new investment, we essentially want to do investments in ways that are capital efficient. 
So, in the subsequent quarters, you will hear more about what we plan to do on IOL Life 

 
Page 5 of 14 
Sciences as well but clearly, we plan to have API products beyond our current portfolio, 
and it is more capital efficient to do that in different subsidiaries. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay sir. Sir in earlier conference call, you had projected 15% margins. This quarter it is 
around 10 or 11%. What margins we are expecting in upcoming quarters. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, you know, it's a game of inches actually where we have gone from about 8.5 to 8.7% 
to 11% in one quarter. So, we do feel confident that by the end of the year, we will be 
back to between 15 and 20%. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay sir, thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question for from the line of Zain Banihali from Odyssey 
Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Zain Banihali:  
Hi Sir. My question is on the future on the CAPEX that we are going to spend about 300 
crores so how are we going to finance it? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, we have to finance that through a combination of internal accruals and if required we 
will take a small level of debt as well. 
Zain Banihali:  
So, could you throw some light on the percentage? I mean, what percentage would be 
finance and what percentage would be internal? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Zain that's, hard to do right now, because see this is not the only investment that we plan. 
I think in future we want to keep from dry gunpowder aside for more investment that we 
have been wanting to do in other parts of the businesses and so, depending on that scale, 
we will decide how to fund this but clearly, given you know, the funding mechanisms 
where debt and equity ratios vary anything from one to one to one is to two, we are fairly 
confident that we have strong enough balance sheet that we can fund CAPEX and 
investment, both for our specialty chemicals as well as pharma businesses, without 
stressing our balance sheet too much. 
Zain Banihali: 
So, these 300 crores, they would be towards chemicals or pharma. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
This 300 crore goes primarily into a combination of speciality chemicals and some 
intermediates that go into pharma. 
Zain Banihali:  
Primarily into Specialty Chemicals. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
And some intermediates that go into Pharma. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
Zain Banihali:  
Okay, sir another question is out of the 130 crores or so that we did in the other APIs, 
what percentage of it is coming from metformin? I mean, out of the 130, how much is 
metformin share? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
I, you know that I do not want to give you a breakup like that, because then it is a very 
slippery slope. The next person will ask me a question about clopidogrel, the third guy will 
ask me about pantoprazole. Needless to say, the real message I want to give you is that 
we are no longer a single product company and we are moving a portfolio of products in 
a way that ibuprofen in the next year or so will be about 50% of the total API business. 
Zain Banihali:  
No what I want to know what would be our second largest product after Ibuprofen? So, 
would it be metformin? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
As of now, yes, it would be metformin. But this is evolving scenario, because please 
understand that the capacity of metformin that I have is very large, but the price of 
metformin is very low. So, I have products in my portfolio that range from $5 a kilo to like 
$100 a kilo, or even higher. So, if you want to look at volume based capacity certainly it is 
the second largest, but if you want to see how a portfolio is going to evolve over time, 
then I think, yes, metformin will be one of the mainstay products in our portfolio and what 
is driving this is really not the value of the product; what’s driving this really is the 
customer interest. See, our customers who buy ibuprofen have asked for certain products 
and metformin happens to fit that criteria. So, if you look at metformin as a product, it is 
no differentiated than the rest of the suppliers in the market. Everybody buys DCDA from 
China, everybody converts a DCDA into metformin and sells it and yet our unique 
advantage is not that we are a Me-Too product, but that we have a list of customers who 
have been buying APIs from us for over two decades. 
Zain Banihali: 
But we also getting DCDA from China, right? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
That is exactly what I am saying. All API manufacturers and metformin are importing DCDA 
from China. So, the real differentiator is the customer relationship which in our case 
happened to be a list of very premier customers who have been buying ibuprofen for 
decades. 
Zain Banihali: 
Sure I understand about this. We see that in the pharma business, there has not been a 
lot of the margins. They are shrinking from past three or four quarters. So, what is the 
perspective going ahead? We do not really have a pricing power there, right? It is a 
commodity that we are selling, so we do not have a pricing power. So, what is the demand 
aspect look like? 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, I would say that the demand aspect for the portfolio of products that we are in is 
stable. If I look at my specialty chemicals portfolio gives me single digit EBITDA margins, 
whereas my pharma business gives me double digit EBITDA margins and as you can see 
from competition, there are not too many API businesses today running at double digit 
EBITDA margins. Also, if I look at the direction and the trend line, I stand by what we 
committed earlier that we will go back to between 15 and 20% EBITDA margin within the 
year or so. 
Zain Banihali: 
So, sir in the pharma, do we sell on the long term basis, we do long term contracts with 
the business owners, and that is how we sell them right. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, in certain products, you do so I think products, where we have the regulatory 
approvals, and what I call blue chip customers that understand the power of doing long 
term contracts, because ultimately, customers are also interested in reliability of supply 
and not just, the lowest price. If price was the only criteria, then I guess we would all be 
driving Tata Nano. So, you know, there is some value in long term relationships, and we 
do long term contracts with certain customers, but that is not a very common trend in 
India, where a lot of the API business happens to be spot business. 
Zain Banihali: 
So, in the long term, are we able to see because the problem is that the market there are 
price vagaries? So, are we able to sell them at an increased price or the price is already 
decided, and we take a loss there? 
Dr, Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
We have actually three types of customers. One is customers who do long term contract, 
they will do an annual contract and fix the price. In those customers, the risk is yours. If 
the price goes up, if the raw material price goes up, you take a hit if the raw material price 
goes down, you take a benefit. Yes, then you  have got customers who will do long term 
contracts, but do pricing and review the pricing every quarter and then you have got 
customers who kind of give you a commitment of volume, but want to negotiate the price 
order on order. So, we are it is a whole gamut. The whole range is there and we cannot 
say I have only one business model. It is not a one size fits all approach. 
Zain Banihali: 
And sir my next question is that are there any plans to diversify make two businesses out 
of the chemical and pharma business. That is to make two different companies out of the 
existing one down the line. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, at this point, we do not have any such plans. 
Zain Banihali: 
Okay. My final question sir right now lot of companies are delaying their CAPEX because 
the commodity prices are quite high right now. They have delayed for a year and year & 

 
Page 8 of 14 
a half. So is this the right time to put about 300 odd crores into CAPEX and you are saying 
that we have plans to put further money there? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
I am going to answer that question in two ways. Number one, if you have decided what 
your future is, there is no time better than now. Let me explain what I mean by that. I 
think a CAPEX investment in challenging environment, actually is a testament of our 
confidence and our ability to create value out of the CAPEX that we put in. So, I will see 
that in a very positive light. Second, yes, there was a time when the prices of the raw 
material and the commodity prices like steel was up, but if you look at the last two 
months, the steel has already fallen by 25%. So, if you look at crude prices. Crude is 
already down. So, in many areas, the prices have normalized and even if you take the 
higher prices of CAPEX, if you look at the entire project of say 300 crores; if the steel price 
goes up by 30% it is not that the cost of CAPEX goes up to 400 crores. It goes in a follow 
proportion. So, if you look at a payback period that payback period is going to change only 
by a few months. For us the investment of 300 crores in a new geography is a strategic 
call. It is not based on bean counting and saying whether this is going to pay back in 26 
months or 28 months. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Preeti Sharma from First 
Investments, please go ahead. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Yes, thank you sir. Just a couple of questions. Sir when you mentioned right now that, 
your focus is also on the pharma business. Just wanted to get an understanding is how 
are we looking at the mix going forward in terms of specialty chemicals and Pharma in the 
next three years? What is our target revenue mix?  
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
I would say that today, Pharma is slightly more than chemical and going forward, with the 
new CAPEX that we planned chemicals will perhaps outstrip Pharma. But if I go, three, 
four, couple of years out, I think we will all be in the 40 to 60 envelope and what I mean 
by that is, pharma could be anything between 40 and 60% and I'm not trying to be cagey 
about an answer. The reason I am hedging my answer is, this mix depends a lot on the 
pricing of the product and the pricing in Pharma is going to be a lot less volatile than what 
it is going to be on the chemical side. So, if you look at ethyl acid, which is one of our 
flagship products, that pricing is already down 15%, within, I would say, less than two 
quarters. So, your guess is as good as mine, what acetic acid is going to be three years 
from now. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Right okay. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Does that answer your question? 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Preeti Sharma: 
Yes sir. That is fine. Sir another question is in terms of the raw material price volatility that 
we are seeing, How do we see it impacting our margins and do you see any kind of 
stabilization in the near future in this? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
You know, I could give you an answer and I would be wrong the next second. And what I 
mean by that is, you know, in commodity you ask commodities trader, what is the price 
of grain? What is the price of crude or what is the price of coal? These commodities are 
no different. So, in order to maintain a level of profitability, what you need to do is be 
very smart about your supply chain, de-risk yourself in terms of having multiple sources 
of raw materials, and multiple sources are not multiple suppliers, but multiple 
geographies. Multiple geographies not just within India, but multiple geographies across 
the world and we have done all of these things. So, we have a fairly high level of 
confidence that, our speciality chemicals business, for example, will continue to deliver 
between 6 to 8% EBITDA. So, if we are really wrong on some of the bets, it will go to 6% 
and maybe slightly below 6, but if we are right, it could go to eight, maybe 9% and that's 
the range in which you operate.  
Preeti Sharma: 
Thank you. Thank you sir and my last question would be in terms of the CAPEX that we 
have planned around 300 crores. So, right now, on our books, we do not have any long 
term debt and short term is sitting around 400 crores. So, is this something that we are 
looking forward to raise any more debt to fund this CAPEX or it will be to internal accruals 
or something? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, Preeti right now, I would say that internal accruals is a way for us to go. It depends on 
what additional CAPEX we do in the next couple of quarters because we are very 
confident that with zero debt and the cash that we have on our books, through a 
combination of using this as well as the profit that our existing business generates, we 
may require a very small level of debt in the future. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Okay, got it, thank you so much for that as always. 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Shanti Patel from Shanti Patel Investments 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Shanti Patel: 
Good afternoon sir. What is our market share in ibuprofen in India? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
In terms of capacity market share is in the range of 33% to 35% and I would say in terms 
of sales wise market share it could be in the 30% range. 
Shanti Patel: 
Thank you. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator:  
We have the next question from the line of Gautam Gosar from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Sir I have a question on the ibuprofen side. 
Currently, our market share will be around 33 to 35%. What will be the capacity utilization 
for the quarter? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Our capacity utilization is in the range of 70% to 75% range.  
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay, and what will be the pricing? So, like as the pricing improved. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, the pricing continues to be the $11 to $12 range per kilo. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay, so like, it was around Rs. 800 to 850 is it that or around Rs. 700 to 750. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
I like to think in terms of dollars, since we export a fair amount. So, $11 to $12, is what I 
remember, and you can multiply that by whatever the exchange rate is. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay, so are we sell it on semi-regulated markets or in the regulated markets as well 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
No we sell it all three markets, which is India, Rest of the World less regulated market, as 
well as regulated markets of both Europe as well as the US. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay and any guidance of the tonnage, almost like how much tons we are doing per 
month, currently, in ibuprofen. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
We consistently do in the range of around 800 tons or so per month. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay, and what is the trajectory like, currently going on in July, August? In the same range 
or something higher, I basically want to understand the demand shaping up for ibuprofen. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Okay, so, you know, the demand for ibuprofen is fairly stable. This is one of those 
commodity products where I think the world capacity is around 36,000 to 37,000 tons 
and the world demand is between 33,000 and 35,000 tons. So, for us to grow this business 
significantly we would have to go into newer geographies, and we are in the process of 
getting approvals into regulated market. So, you clearly understand this game Gautam 
that to get approvals in regulated markets is not a question of months and quarters. It's 
a question of years and this is a journey we started several years ago. So, as we continue 
to get approval from various customers, we continue to add to our business. We are 
actually doing two things here. One is we are expanding the size of the price and also, 
improving our penetration. So, and what I mean by that is, I can go from 800 tons a month 
to 900,000 tons a month, and at the same time, shift that business as well and when 

 
Page 11 of 14 
approvals happen more and more toward regulated market, because the focus is on 
improving the volume as well as the quality of the business. 
Gautam Gosar:  
That is one of the things we wanted to understand and secondly sir on the non-ibuprofen 
side as we mentioned, the portion of the non-ibuprofen side is going to increase in the 
coming quarters. So, are you confident on that basically, currently, it seems the ibuprofen 
side is contributing around 60% and non-ibuprofen is contributing around 40%. So, are 
the share improving, and going forward, how much will be the share by the end of the 
FY23 and FY24 if you could help me with that? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
I would actually Gautam take your attention to what this number was maybe two years 
ago. Two years ago, the non-ibuprofen part was about 15% of our total business. Today, 
as you rightly pointed out, it is between 35 to 40% and our objective is over the next year, 
year and a half, it should be about 50% of the total portfolio. 
Gautam Gosar:  
Okay got it. That is it from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jinal Fofalia from VJ Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Jinal Fofalia:  
Yeah. Good evening sir. First is how do we see a revenue share from ibuprofen stabilizing 
and second is which are the high margin products that we are getting into and when can 
we see this showing in our blends margin? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Okay, so there are two questions that you have asked Jinal first is your question was 
around how do we see the contribution of ibuprofen stabilizing? I would actually say that 
going forward you should see the contribution of sales coming from ibuprofen actually 
going down. Because as the size of our business goes up I will not increase ibuprofen 
business in the same proportion that I grew the other businesses. Going forward this 
number go down and then the second question was at what point do I envision the 
profitability of the non-ibuprofen businesses kicking in? Yeah, two things need to happen 
there. One is a higher level of asset utilization, where I am manufacturing these products, 
and a greater percentage of the sales coming from export markets and this is a work in 
progress. I think it might take us another couple of quarters or so, but that is the journey 
that we are on. 
Jinal Fofalia:  
Okay, fine sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niharika from Aequitas 
Investment, please go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Niharika: 
Okay, for mine is a follow up question. So, regarding this capacity utilization of 70 to 75% 
demand the bottleneck for us and is the capacity fungible? Like if I need some other 
product to be made, so is the capacity fungible? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, let me answer your second question first Niharika the capacity for ibuprofen is not 
fungible these. We have two ibuprofen plants and they are dedicated for making 
ibuprofen. The only fungible side here is I can make all different grades of ibuprofen in 
both plants. But I cannot make some other products in the ibuprofen plant. And the first 
part of your question was at what point I see asset utilization going beyond 75%. Correct? 
I see that happening in the coming few quarters itself. 
Niharika: 
Okay, fine and my other question is on the line of ethyl acetate for which you are taking 
an expansion, so, any new CAPEX coming up in India or otherwise other than yours. I want 
to understand the peer capacity coming into the industry. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, see, if you look at overall ethyl acetate as a business or at the market, this is roughly 
around 700,000 ton market in India, out of which our current capacity is 100,000 tons and 
we are adding only 20,000 tons which is significantly less than the annual growth in this 
market. Yes, there are other competitors, there are other players, they are also adding 
capacities, but they happen to operate in different parts of the geography. So, clearly you 
can understand that as a commodity product, it doesn’t make too much sense to ship 
around the product and add to the shipping costs. So, we are essentially adding this 
capacity to cater to the growing demand in the region where we are and cater to those 
customers. 
Niharika: 
Okay. So, we will be utilizing 100% of our capacity once this 120 comes up. Like the market 
will be able to absorb this. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Oh, absolutely. 
Niharika: 
Okay and my other question is how much of cash is sitting on books as of 30th of June 
cash and cash equivalent. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
We have approximately 300 crore and then more will come from accruals we grow our 
regular business. 
Niharika: 
Okay, and last question sir from my side. What is the status of patents? I think there are 
three patents which are pending, so any update on them? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, no nothing yeah, we do not have the approval for that yet and Niharika, I will be very 
happy to announce to the world as and when they get approved. 

 
Page 13 of 14 
Niharika: 
Okay, okay. That was it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Preeti Sharma from First 
Investments, please go ahead. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Thank you for taking my question again. My last question was the export contributions, 
right now to our overall sales has gone down from 38-39%, to currently 25%. So, can we 
expect this contribution to improve going ahead, since we know the China Plus One 
strategy is currently at play? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Yeah, so Preeti there are two segments that contribute to our exports, both 
pharmaceutical as well as the chemical segment. The drop in exports that you see is 
primarily on account of the chemical segment where we have a strange situation that the 
international prices of ethyl acetate are actually lower than the domestic prices. So, at 
this point, we choose not to export, and we choose to serve the domestic market, there 
is really no drop in the export for our pharmaceutical business. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Okay, sir and you have mentioned about ethyl acetate, what is the current contribution 
and you see any kind of improvement going forward? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
So, ethyl acetate in terms of, you are talking about contribution into your contribution in 
terms of the profit or are you talking about how much does it contribute to my sale? 
Preeti Sharma: 
Your sales. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Okay, overall, the chemical segment is about 50% plus minus a few percentage points and 
the reason I am adding a few plus minus percentage is if I look at my average price of ethyl 
acetate in last quarter, let’s say Q4 of last year versus Q1 of this year. The difference in 
price itself is about 15% and at 100,000 ton capacity, that's enough to shift the overall 
contribution by up to 10 percentage points. 
Preeti Sharma: 
Okay, that is it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of from the line of Shaikh Mohammed 
Ayaz, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz:  Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir my one question is any API is coming in 
production in upcoming quarters. What you have announced in investor presentation last 
quarter, like Apixaban or anything? 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Our focus in the next quarter is really on improving the asset utilization of the products 
that are already under commercialization, the rest of the products are really under 

 
Page 14 of 14 
development. Till those filings are done and batches are taken and the product is qualified 
with customers it will be premature for me to speculate, because once I tell you what we 
are doing, then the next question will be what volumes are we going to get? The 
subsequent will be what price we are going to get. So, that could be speculation at this 
point. But needless to say, we are very confident in the non-ibuprofen portfolio. In 
growing both the volume as well as improving the market share in exports. We will keep 
adding to that portfolio. We have a stated intent of having five to six DMS every year and 
that itself should tell you our commitment to growing the non-ibuprofen portfolio. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay, sir my last question is how a demand from the countries where we have got 
regulatory approvals is. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi: 
So, I would say that demand is now showing, some green shoots in terms of orders picking 
up for over a year, the demand was very-very soft and that was really a result of 
overstocking during COVID, but now that demand is coming back and we are back to going 
at customer visits, conferences, engaging with customers overseas, so all the signs are 
very positive. 
Shaikh Mohammed Ayaz: Okay, sir, thank you very much. All the very best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question and we will now close the 
question queue. I would now like to hand the conference to Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi for 
closing comments. Please go ahead sir. 
Dr. Sanjay Chaturvedi:  
Once again, thank you all very much for joining us today as sparing your time from your 
hectic schedules. As we discussed, you know, despite challenges, IOL have come out with 
a strong set of numbers and these will only improve here on. Our investment in Specialty 
and Pharma Intermediate by setting up a new plant, in western India will aid the company 
in building a stronger and sustainable business for us. We feel that with the rupee 
depreciation, we will also get better contribution from the export markets over the next 
few quarters. So, once again, thank you all and have a nice day. 
Moderator:  
Thank you Dr. Chaturvedi and the members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen 
on behalf of IOL Chemicals And Pharmaceuticals Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you 
