 
  
 
 
Date of submission:  16th August, 2022 
 
To,
         
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551 
To,
         
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- NH 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2022 
   
This is further to our earlier letter dated 12th August, 2022 regarding audio/ video recording of Earnings 
Call of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 2022, held on 11th August, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said Earnings Call.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.narayanahealth.org/stakeholder-relations/earning-call-transcripts. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sridhar S 
Group Company Secretary, Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
SESHIAH 
SRIDHAR
Digitally signed 
by SESHIAH 
SRIDHAR 
Date: 
2022.08.16 
14:05:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
Q1 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIREN SHETTY – VICE CHAIRMAN  
 
                                             DR. EMMANUEL RUPERT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR   
 
 
MS. SANDHYA J – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
DR. ANESH SHETTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, OVERSEAS 
SUBSIDIARY HCCI 
 
MR. DEBANGSHU SARKAR – HEAD, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MR. DURGA PRASAD – SENIOR MANAGER, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS  

          Debangshu Sarkar: Hello everyone.  Good afternoon to all of you.  Myself Debangshu and as most 
of you are aware, I run the Investor Relations and Mergers and Acquisition 
Practices at Narayana Hrudayalaya.  On behalf of the company, I welcome you 
all to the first quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call of our company.  To discuss 
our performance and address all your queries today, we have with us Mr. Viren 
Shetty -- our Vice Chairman, Dr. Emmanuel Rupert -- our CEO and MD, Ms. 
Sandhya -- our CFO, Dr Anesh Shetty -- MD of our Overseas Subsidiary HCCI, 
and Durga Prasad from the team. 
I'm sure you have gone through the investor collaterals, which have been 
uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on our website. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to remind everyone that the call 
is being recorded and the transcript of the same shall be made available on 
our website at a subsequent date.  I would also like to remind you that 
everything that is being said on this call that reflects any outlook for the future 
or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the uncertainties and the risk that they face.  These 
uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have already 
mentioned in our prospectus filed with SEBI before our Initial Public Offer in 
late 2015 and subsequent annual reports on our website. 
On that account, I'm sure you guys probably would have also gone through 
our annual report as that has also been very recently updated for the last 
fiscal. 
Post the call, in case you have any further queries please do feel free to get in 
touch with us.  With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Dr. Rupert.  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: Good afternoon to all.  We are pleased to report the highest profitability for 
our Indian operations during the quarter gone by which surpassed the 
previous highs witnessed in Q3 FY22.  Aided by steady operations at Cayman, 
we managed to achieve a consolidated EBITDA of INR 2.0 billion at a margin of 
19.4% and PAT of INR 1.1 billion at a margin of 10.7% for the period Q1 FY23.  
Since our planned capital outlay for India and Cayman is still running behind 
schedule due to external factors, we incurred a cash capex of over INR 1.1 

billion during the period.  Our overall balance sheet and liquidity profile 
remains strong with INR 5.2 billion of gross borrowings against a consolidated 
cash and liquid investments of over INR 4.4 billion as on 30th June, 2022.  
Separately, we have reorganized our operating regions to ensure greater 
alignment among our hospitals.  From this financial year onwards, Jaipur 
hospital will be part of the Northern group and Raipur hospital would form 
part of the Eastern Peripheral grouping.   
With negligible contribution of Covid-19 and vaccine volumes combined with 
recovery in elective volumes, we registered the highest ever EBITDA margin of 
16.2% for Q1 FY23 for our Indian operations.  Compared to previous high in 
Q3 FY22, the domestic operations’ EBITDA grew 27.5% while registering an 
absolute increase of around INR 300 million and it registered 46.8% growth 
compared to Q4 FY22, which was impacted by the omicron wave.  The Indian 
operations also registered the highest percentage contributions from the 
international patient business since the onset of the pandemic at 6.5%. While 
we are working on new marketing channels to grow this further, we don’t 
believe we will reach our pre pandemic figures of around 10%-11% till 
international travel reverts to pre pandemic behaviour.   
It is heartening to note that the strong India performance has been achieved 
through all round performance across the network while continuing to be led 
by our flagship centres which registered an EBITDAR margin of 30.0% in Q1 
FY23 as against 28.9% in Q3 FY22.  Our three new hospitals across NCR and 
Mumbai registered a revenue of over INR 1.05 billion and delivered a positive 
EBITDAR margin of 6.5%.  The Non-Flagship Hospitals excluding Jammu 
achieved a healthy EBITDAR margin of 18.8% in Q1 FY23.  We remain 
encouraged with the resilience of our business during these uncertain times 
and we shall continue to invest in brownfield expansion across these units 
over a period of time.   
Moving onto Cayman, our hospital was affected by Covid restrictions and strict 
quarantine rules placed by the authorities for most of the quarter and 
managed to register an EBITDA of USD 8.0 million in Q1 FY23.  As our 
expansion slowly continues, we plan to onboard key clinical talent ahead of 

the anticipated patient volumes since there is a long lead time for getting visas 
and work permits. With Covid disruptions minimizing from Q2 and with our 
Camana Bay Clinic making us more accessible, we are confident of sustaining 
solid performance of this unit going forward.   
We continue to focus on various technology initiatives to drive performance.  
During the quarter gone by, we implemented a cost estimation module in 
ATHMA HIS to provide accurate estimates for planned admissions and we also 
implemented a checklist tool for clinical staff to improve patient safety.  Our 
software team also developed a new user interface for AADI Mobile App to 
improve user adoption and drive productivity of our doctors across the 
network.  Our efforts in revamping the marketing team have paid off and 
digital marketing channels now contribute almost 1/4th of the overall India 
business.   
On the ESG front, for the period Q1 FY23, we achieved a net carbon reduction 
equivalent of 3,705 tons along with savings worth 9.1 million through energy 
optimization and switching to green energy and another 3.6 million by 
upgrading to high efficiency equipment across the network. To improve our 
focus, we have also initiated the business responsibility and sustainability 
report ESG framework across the group.   
On the clinical front, we have continued to differentiate our services by 
focusing on advanced quaternary work in cardiac, Oncology, and GI sciences 
across the network.  Some of the key highlights for the quarter gone by are  
• 
We added three additional operating rooms to the Narayana Institute of 
Cardiac Sciences at Bangalore in the Health City campus, thereby 
increasing the surgical throughput in this unit.  This unit did 2,027 cardiac 
surgeries during the quarter and performed 1,687 Cathlab procedures in 
May 2022, which is the all-time highest monthly volume at this center.   
• 
Our flagship RTIICS at Kolkata successfully bridged a patient with end 
stage heart failure to transplant with CentriMag biventricular assist device 
(BiVAD).  The unit also successfully implanted a suture-less aortic valve, 
which is the first such procedure in the eastern India.  

• 
Our focus on transplant programs generated strong momentum which 
resulted in 75 successful Bone Marrow Transplants, 20 Liver Transplants, 8 
Heart Transplants, and 192 Renal Transplants across the group in Q1 FY23. 
• 
We also managed to perform 30 TAVI procedures as well as 125 robotic 
surgeries across the group in the same period. 
 
While continuing to consolidate our operations, we would pursue growth 
opportunities both in India and overseas to derive synergies from our robust 
existing operations and maximize value for all our stakeholders.  We are 
confident about the prospects of the healthcare landscape across the world 
and are taking steps to transform our business to become more patient 
oriented digitally native and operationally efficient.  We see our overall 
business being well poised to continue Dr. Shetty’s mission of delivering 
affordable and high-quality healthcare to all sections of our society.  Thank 
you. 
Debangshu Sarkar: 
Thanks, Dr. Rupert.  With that, we will now open the floor for Q&As.  
                Prithviraj: 
Mr. Viren I just have a couple of questions.  First on your domestic business 
new hospitals, you mention they have done 6.5% EBITDAR margin this quarter, 
so how do we see this margin trajectory over the next couple of years and 
when can we expect them to touch that 18% or 20%, which currently your 
non-flagship hospitals are delivering? 
          Viren Shetty: 
These hospitals, two in Delhi, one in Mumbai are of different sizes and 
configurations.  The Delhi ones we feel pretty confident that ultimately, they 
will reach the normal trajectory that the rest of the hospitals have given that 
these are multispecialty quarternary and tertiary care hospitals.  So, as for the 
timeline, it’s hard for us to give guidance.  I would say normally for our hospital 
they take anywhere from 3-4 years to break even, post that another four 3-4 
to reach a sort of maturity and then depending on how we expand them, it 
will take its time.  So, both the hospitals will be due for expansion, not 
immediately, but some point over the next two years.  In Gurugram, we want 
to add two more floors, we have the capacity to do so and Dharamshila also 
we’re looking to talk to the hospital owner, the trustees to expand another 

wing over there.  So, what happens with expansion is that again you incur a lot 
of manpower to get the things done, but it does reach a very steady state 
EBITDA level,  when you don’t do anymore expansion, you’re just going up the 
volume growth.  So, long answer to your question, I would say to get to that 
18%-20%, it would take the normal trajectory that all the other hospitals, 
which is usually from 5 to 8 years barring certain exceptions that come about.  
The exception will be our Bombay Children Hospital given that it is highly 
specialized around children’s care and this has a very different earnings 
profile, which is quite high in cost and as it’s trying to differentiate itself, it’s 
taking much longer to break even, so there it’s not easy for us to say whether 
it will match the performance of the other hospitals. 
         Prithviraj: 
And just one more question from my side, again on Cayman business, you 
mentioned that you know business is now coming back to normal, so can we 
expect again the margin and the volume trend to move to historical levels even 
here? 
          Viren Shetty: 
For this question, I'll pass it on to Anesh, who is based over there and will be 
better able to flesh this out.  Anesh. 
          Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah.  Thanks, Viren.  Hi Prithviraj.  So, to your question, yes during the first 
quarter of the financial year we were severely impacted by Covid.  Lot of 
patients were not sick, but the government rules are very strict around 
quarantining and testing and even a single family member being tested 
positive and the whole family needs to isolate. So, lot of our doctors and 
nurses were unfortunately out of action.  Fortunately, that is behind us and 
even in the first month that’s July of the new quarter, we have seen both 
revenue and margins revert to normal. 
                         Nitin: 
Anesh, if I can take it forward from the Cayman Island question.  Cayman Island 
essentially has been a big success story for a turnaround story for NH over the 
last 2½-3 years especially post Covid, since you are closer to the ground can 
you just help us understand couple of things?  One is, what change in Cayman 
Islands all of a sudden that our business performance really took off? And two 
there’s always concerns that some of this may not sustain, so what would your 
thoughts to be on that account? 

        Anesh Shetty: 
Thanks, Nitin.  So, there are two questions there.  So, to the first one about 
what suddenly changed? –we don’t think it’s sudden, of course we’ve been 
operating the hospital for about eight years.  For the first, I would say 2½ years 
or so we had a lot of problems finding our fit in the market.  We were actually 
chasing a very aspirational target in terms of an expectation of medical tourists 
coming from overseas, which we realize is a is a game that will play out over 
years if not decades and we are getting there, but I think the initial insight we 
had was that we had to be built on the foundation of a very strong local and 
Caribbean presence and markets in the US Canada and North America would 
play out over a longer time frame.  So, I would say from year 3 onwards that’s 
when we really made that switch and focus in our efforts and things have like 
you said have been working out well for us so far.  We don’t see any sudden 
swing or we don’t see any need for any sudden deterioration that would 
happen because of any external event in most situations.  To your second 
question about how sustainable is it? We did have Covid restrictions like 
everybody else in the early half of 2020 that did mandate for a lot of people 
to remain on island and people here we're happy to be on  the island because 
this was something like a paradise where there was negligible Covid and 
people couldn’t come in, most people couldn’t go out.  So, a lot of patients 
especially the privately insured and mobile patients who traditionally would 
go to the US centers of excellence for their care had to try us out.  These people 
would come to us for certain procedures, but in most cases would go overseas.  
So, for a good 1½ to 2-year period we had in a sense a group of privately 
insured local people who had to experience our services and travel restrictions 
have been rapidly going away in fact right now if you’re fully vaccinated, there 
are almost no restrictions including testing requirements as long as you’re fully 
vaccinated, which most of the population is.  It’s hard to say whether those 
people who used to go out will continue to stay with us, but so far, the trends 
look very encouraging and very positive.  It appears that they’ve liked what 
they’ve seen, they enjoyed the experience and they are sticking with us, but 
we’ll know in the next two or three quarters or so if that is a permanent shift 
to us or there may be some rebalancing, but so far we’re very encouraged by 
what we’re seeing.  
                         Nitin: 
If I were to just probably take that little forward again, now we have Oncology 

setup coming through in the Camana Bay units.  I mean two things, one is –
How does it change the proposition for NH’s business in Cayman? And two 
does it do anything more for you from overall Cayman Island drop beyond 
Cayman Islands in the broader Caribbean? I mean does it do anything to 
enhance our proposition with broader Caribbean per say? 
       Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah Nitin, absolutely no.  You are right on the mark over there.  See when 
we’ve been working with other islands, other governments, other players to 
get them to move their patients towards us for the value proposition is very 
clear, we are a Joint Commission accredited hospital, we offer tertiary care at 
unbeatable price.  The challenge that a lot of the client face or a lot of players 
face is that they have existing relationships, so it’s difficult for them to move 
some business to us and maintain their relationships elsewhere.  One of the 
biggest gaps we always had was radiotherapy and Oncology in general.  This is 
a very big spend area, if not in volume, but big in spend for everyone.  So, what 
we’re seeing now is we’re on track to have our radiotherapy center 
commissioned by Q4 of the current fiscal year that was what we had 
committed to do and things look to be on track, with that not only do we fill 
in perhaps the last reason for local people to go overseas for Oncology and 
radiotherapy, but we become that much more attractive as a full service, a 
truly full service option for other governments and peers in other jurisdictions 
where they can now say that alright I don’t have to maintain relationships 
elsewhere, this is a one stop solution for me.  So, that really is a very positive 
sign for us and that’s why we’ve been pursuing this radiotherapy project for 
quite some time now. 
                      Nitin: 
Thanks, Anesh.  Again, associated point is for us, from our overseas expansion 
perspective Cayman obviously has turn out to be a significant success, so does 
now Cayman become an anchor for us to build a business around or just 
remain essentially one hospital story or one market story from an ex-India 
perspective? 
         Anesh Shetty: 
No, definitely not.  As long as I can remember at least 5-6 years onwards we’ve 
been wooed by every head of state, every pair in most Caribbean islands, I 
mean I traveled to all of them, all the English-speaking Caribbean islands, 

there’s not a single market where people don’t want us to replicate what 
we’ve done in Cayman, naturally, that’s not possible.  There are some very 
favorable dynamics in the market that allow us to do what he did.  Having said 
that, Cayman is already on track and will very much to becoming a hub for 
what we’re doing in the region.  We for the past year and a half, we’ve been 
engaged with the government of Saint Lucia to help them operationalize their 
National Hospital. The intention of that project always was to learn more 
about the market and take that to the next level if we wanted to.  We have 
similar early stage discussions going on in several other islands, but these are 
mostly arrangements where we would be a consultant, we would be an 
operator, we would not be coming to the table with capital initially, but we 
always have that option to do that and we still have a lot of unused capacity 
in our Cayman Hospital.  It is still very much in our favor to use this as a hub 
and establish relationships etc. to better utilize our infrastructure, especially 
with the new hospital and the Oncology project coming in, but we are very 
well-known brand in the region and we have proven that this model of having 
a tertiary joint commission accredited hospital in a small island can work.  So, 
there is opportunity to do something along the same lines elsewhere, but not 
with so much of an investment and not with such a big presence. 
          Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Will you be able to share the EBITDAR number for 
the new hospital cohort?  I think I missed that in your opening remark? 
      Debangshu Sarkar: 
So, Dr. Rupert had mentioned in his opening remarks that the cohort has 
delivered a positive EBITDAR margin of 6.5% for the period under review. 
                 Harith Ahamed: 
Okay, got it. And if I take a step back, I think, maybe the last couple of years or 
pre-COVID we had embarked on efforts to improve the case mix and our 
ARPOBs in India hospitals network and then we’ve seen some of that reflecting 
in much improved ARPOBs when I look at the numbers today. So, where are 
we in that journey? And, if you could give some color on whether we should 
expect the trajectory in terms of ARPOB improvement to continue? 
        Dr. Emmanuel Rupert:  If you see the clinical work that is happening, apart from routine work, most 
of the work is happening on the high-end Tertiary and Quaternary work which 
is actually driving the ARPOBs and the margins as well. You would have seen 

the transplants numbers which we have done across the group and also the 
kind of the Quaternary work that is routinely going and we are constantly 
working with clinical teams to improve throughput and the efficiencies and 
gradually trying to reduce the ALOS. Currently it is around 4.6 but we are in 
the journey where we will start reducing it closer to 4.2 to 4.3 and then once 
we stabilized, we will be further coming closer to 4. And despite of the 
Quaternary work we are able to maintain a very steady ALOS numbers but it’s 
a combination of different things, We are working a lot on the oncology  front 
– Daycare work, chemos and radiations. Some of our machines in Bangalore 
have just got upgraded. We were down to only one machine. Similar this story 
in Howrah. We will get that up by October and also we will be commissioning 
by closer to the end of this financial year the unit in Jaipur as well. So, all this 
will you know contribute to reductions of ALOS as well while contributing 
significantly to the high-end Tertiary and the Quaternary work which will 
continue to happen in this sector. That is what we are working on and then a 
lot of other efficiencies and a lot of digital initiatives are also bringing in the 
efficiencies and the throughput which we have started to work on and which 
will start bearing fruit in the coming quarters.                                                       
           Harith Ahamed:              Thanks Dr. Rupert and last one for my side on the M&A front. I think, last time 
you had mentioned that we’re evaluating a couple of assets, so where are we 
in that process? And in terms of geographic priorities which are the key 
markets that we should expect on M&A front?  
           Viren Shetty:  
Priorities are our key markets which are Bangalore and Calcutta. There we are 
evaluating opportunities but those take a long time to come and it's not always 
that economics favor us. So, we'll be taking up Brownfield expansion for our 
Health city in Bangalore and in Calcutta we are not able to get land nearby. 
We bought a few small parcels that’s adjacent to our property but that's a very 
crowded space. So, we have to buy land a little bit further away around 20-25 
minutes driving distance and build a new campus over there. It won't operate 
traditionally like a Greenfield given that there's so much patient volume that 
would be shifted and certain clinical departments we will move there. So, it 
will function more or less like a Brownfield. So, that is our highest priority for 
expansion. Also adding floors to the existing building, adding Onco units to all 

our hospitals, changing the bed configuration, and eventually Brownfield 
expansion for Delhi, Bombay, Mysore, Raipur. M&A wise, there are few things 
we're looking at that are two hospitals under liquidation. A few things that 
come up on asset-light basis with certain trusts, some people that we are 
talking to for management contracts at the hospital but those are still very 
slow burn, long late projects that will come as and when materlize but our 
growth numbers are not dependent on that. Those will be coming over and 
above everything we have planned. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Thank you. So my question was related to the last participant’s question, is it 
fair to assume that there is nothing M&A coming up in this financial year?  
           Viren Shetty: 
No, I mean there are a lot of things we're pursuing. It's just that our ability to 
close them and coming to an agreement on the right price means that it's hard 
for us to tell you exactly that, you know, exactly one is coming up next quarter, 
one after that, two beyond that. So, that's the kind of guidance we're not able 
to give. We are evaluating 3-4 opportunities. We don't know exactly when 
they’ll come up but when they do they're all part of the plan, what we had said 
earlier, which is to strengthen our existing hospitals, have huge focus on 
Bangalore and Calcutta and look at the current geographies as areas for 
expansion and asset-light things in other places.  
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And one more question related to ALOS where there's commentary that 
it will reduce from 4.6 to 4. Now we understand that it is a day in and day out 
process and you need to improve therapies gradually, but can you give broadly 
a guideline or how long does it take to improve this, a year, 2 years or longer 
than that?  
           Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: Closer to eight quarters to come to that 4.1 figure. But we are constantly 
working on that. It's a gradual process which we will see on a quarter-on-
quarter basis; a step-by-step reduction. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thank you everyone and a very good afternoon. So, just on the previous 
question, you had a Capex target of Rs. 10 billion for the current year and have 
done Rs. 1 billion. So are we on track? And is it possible to break it up, 
especially for the Kolkata and the Bangalore expansions? 

           Sandhya J: 
We have guided that we are looking at Rs. 700 crores - Rs.1000 crores over the 
3 to 5 years. So, there are a couple of aspects on Capex. One is, that it's a mix 
of Greenfield and Brownfield some of which could be inorganic. So, on the 
inorganic, Viren, has already given a commentary that depending on the 
timing it will materialize. As far as the Greenfield opportunities are concerned, 
like we had indicated, the big expansions will happen in Calcutta and in 
Bangalore. In addition, we are looking at, for example Oncology expansion in 
Jaipur, Ahmedabad and Mysore. So, there would be specialties and 
capabilities that we will be building across different units based on the 
demand and traction that we are seeing in those specialties. So, those are on 
track. The Greenfields are subject to land acquisition etc.., The one that Viren 
explained, those will be timed accordingly. And the inorganic, based on the 
timing, the Capex will be done. So, I am not able to guide a particular number 
but this is the trajectory in which we are on.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thanks for this. So, did you say 700-1000 crore over the next five-year period? 
Is that what you said?  
           Sandhya J: 
Yeah, 3 to 5 years.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. And can you quantify how much would be Bangalore and Kolkata? If you 
have something in mind?  
Sandhya J: 
Other than the Cayman one, which we've already spoken about which is a big 
investment, a significant chunk of this is to be investing in Bangalore and 
Kolkata and in other high performing regions based on return that we will be 
able to do generate. I'm not able to quantify that number because, like I said, 
some of these are inorganic opportunities and they will have to materialize. 
So, therefore it is not fair to put a number to it at this time.  
Viren Shetty: 
We can say the bulk of that amount will be for these two geographies.  
           Debangshu Sarkar: 
Sandhya, just to, I mean, probably get this right what Sameer was wanting to 
understand because the 7 -10 billion is actually 700-1000 crores. That's surely 
not over five-year period, that's what Sameer’s question was. Since we had 
guided a figure of north of 1000 crores for the current fiscal including all the 

activities that we're pursuing across organic, inorganic, greenfield and 
everything (inclusive of Cayman). So, that remains on track albeit that we are 
running a little behind the schedule, in terms of what you have seen us incur 
in the first quarter. But if all the things were to go through in terms of what 
we have planned, for the current fiscal we should be looking at the kind of 
numbers that we have previously guided upon.  
           Sameer Baisiwala: 
Yeah exactly, Debangshu. That’s what my understanding was given your 
guidance during last call. 
           Viren Shetty: 
No, sorry, we got confused because we forgot to add Cayman into that. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, got it. So, it is Rs. 1000 crores for the current fiscal.  
Debangshu Sarkar: 
There will be upward bias to the Rs. 1000 crores. So, don't hold us on that 
number, if at all 
           Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay. Got it. And the other question was on the Mumbai hospital. Can you talk 
a bit more about, how is the asset utilization in whichever way you want to 
quantify and talk about? And is it really taking longer than what you had 
initially planned? And what really needs to be done to make it a very optimal 
usage? 
           Viren Shetty: 
We've seen a lot of growth in Cardiac Sciences Program and the Oncology 
Program in addition to the very sustained and a very steady run of our 
Pediatrics Surgical Program as well Pediatric Orthopedics and the other 
specialties which has been going on. So, we are focusing a lot on the high-risk 
pregnancies because that is a need which not many wanting to focus on our 
Level 3 NICUs and the high-risk pregnancies all in under one roof. That is 
something which we are running and, we're trying to focus on that and move 
that in that direction in addition to focusing significantly on the very high-end 
NICU and the Cardiac Sciences Program and various other things. So, for all 
these expansions with the good traction in the Bone Marrow as well as the 
Liver Transplant programs going, we do need additional capacity for which we 
have mentioned about that in the opening remarks and that is something 
which we are working on. But this is something which we are utilizing the 

capacity over a period of time, if we do not expand over a period of time then 
an upper limit for running the services because Pediatric is something which 
we can't be, you know, unlike other Adult Program where a lot of efficiency 
and ALOS can be reduced significantly, we may not be in a position to do that 
when we are doing very high-end tertiary and quaternary care. So, we do need 
a little bit more of the capacity there. The capacity will be funded through 
fundraising from our trustees for that hospital.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sir, what's the utilization over there at the moment?  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
The bed utilization is close to 70% of the beds commissioned and not capacity 
(we do have headroom to operationalize few more beds basis the uptick in 
occupancy). That is as per the midnight occupancy but if you look at the 
Daycare occupancies will be a little higher.    
Sameer Baisiwala: 
With such high occupancy, I would say, it should be very profitable hospital or 
operations that you're running over there which is not. So, is there something 
that's holding you back?  
         Viren Shetty: 
Rich people don't have sick kids. This hospital was built with the idea that it 
could be a center of excellence for paediatric cases modeled on the lines of 
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Boston Children's and so on. But in a 
country like India, given that most of the patients who come with the worst 
symptoms tend to be from poorer backgrounds, we rely on a lot of 
government funding, charitable funding to support the hospital operations. 
So, in time, once it becomes known as this Number one Center of Excellence 
and people from all over the country come, the patient demographics of the 
hospital will change a lot, which will improve the finances. But until that time 
comes, it's going take some time.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Yeah, thanks a lot, Viren. That's very helpful. And let me ask one more question 
and this is for the Cayman Island. So, not worrying about the quarter to quarter 
fluctuation if I say that you are doing roughly 25 million on the top line and 10 
million dollars of say about on EBITDA line, how should now this trajectory be 
going forward excluding the new Onco block? Until that comes up, how much 
potential does it have?   

Anesh Shetty: 
Thanks, Sameer. So, the numbers you referenced were, like you said they've 
already been achieved in say Q3 of the previous year and they're very much 
our current expectations, so excluding the Oncology block which will be 
starting soon, we have a lot of room to grow both in Cayman Islands as well as 
in the immediate vicinity that is for us the Caribbean and certain Latin 
American countries. There are a few service lines which we have yet to 
commission. You know, we don't do the bulk of primary and secondary care. 
We restrict ourselves to tertiary care in most instances. There are certain very 
high value niche areas such as Neonatology and Paediatric Intensive Care 
which we are planning on commissioning soon, hopefully in the next year or 
so, but those are currently not offered. These are services for which patients 
go overseas and locally they are frequently dubbed, the million-dollar fee 
because Neonatal care in the US is extremely expensive. So, there are a fair 
number of specialties which we have yet to commence and we have a clear 
path. We have the infrastructure, it is just putting the teams in place, getting 
the right approvals and getting started. Having said that, our entry into the 
retail high street location with our clinic has given us a good strong foothold 
into the privately insured market. In fact, in the past few quarters since that 
clinic has been active, we've seen a good improvement in our Market Share in 
the private insurance space as well. So, we don't have an exact figure to share 
at this time, we're comfortably seeing a good pathway to easily increasing 
revenues from the existing facility we have and with adding new service lines 
to the existing infrastructure. And this is not to mention that a lot of our recent 
growth over the last two years was achieved with, I would say, the negative 
performance of our international business because of COVID restrictions. So 
as the restrictions abate, those are all channels that we will slowly restart. We 
had to defer a lot of those relationships because of the COVID restrictions. We 
will be restarting a lot of those and that is a much larger pool, Of course, more 
challenges to that, but that's a much larger pool that we have to tap into.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, this is useful. And for the fully vaccinated, are there any travel 
restrictions now in Cayman inbound or it's still pretty much locked up? 
                   Anesh Shetty:  
No , I mentioned this as well earlier that if you're fully vaccinated you can 
freely enter and exit but there's just an online portal and you have to fill up 

some information. It's something like our Air Suvidha. So, that's the only 
requirement and that was as of a few weeks ago. So, if you're fully vaccinated 
you're good to go.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
I'm looking at your presentation slide where you have given operational 
review for India. So, your ARPOB for the quarter was INR 12.2 million which is 
around 9% higher than the previous year. So, how should we look at growth 
on the ARPOB side and what will be key driver? And my other question will be, 
have you taken price hike for your healthcare services for the fiscal and by how 
much?  
Viren Shetty: 
As Rupert was earlier saying, the ARPOB is driven by the mix change or the 
type of procedures that we've been performing and because of the faster 
turnaround operations and while overall the ALOS has remained the same but 
we have been able to turn around a lot of the segments of patients faster. So, 
as far as the price hike is concerned, as you are aware, price hike is not our 
first lever. We normally look at costs. However, to counterbalance the heavy 
inflationary pressures, we do take price hikes depending from unit to unit and 
that happens in January. So, our last price hike happened in January of this 
year and the next price hike will be scheduled in next January. It is very low 
single digits if the broad average of price hike which we have taken this year. 
Next year as we go through the cycle and we roll up our costs and we see how 
this all stacks up and the efficiencies that are coming in through the significant 
investments we've made in technology, we will then see what we have to do 
from a price point of view.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
Also, key driver, as you said, is mainly the mix improvement from the current 
level and scale up of some new units and not much reliance on the pricing 
part?  
Viren Shetty: 
Mix change, volumes and throughput drives the ARPOB. 
           Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks for taking my question. You did give a detailed response to what’s the 
headroom for growth at Cayman. Likewise, if you could give some idea on 
what’s the headroom for growth in India? And, if you could sort of segregate 
your northern and western markets and eastern and southern markets and 

give your comments specifically for both the markets? What I’m trying to 
access is, till your capex plans come into effective, how much potential is there 
for the existing capacities to take you further ahead?  
Viren Shetty: 
So, a lot of the capex what we are doing, Onco, for example is done to add a 
new service line. So, that is revenue that is additive which is not always already 
happening. Another kind of capex what we’re doing is the room upgrades, the 
infrastructure refresh, lot of the equipment upgradation that is for increasing 
the yield per room, increasing the throughput, new service lines like adding 
new diagnostic therapies and faster scans. But, even without that, on a like to 
like basis, on the same infrastructure, simple things we’re doing on the process 
side, on the service excellence side or on the digital side are done. So, I’ll give 
an example. A big problem all our hospitals have is, whenever we deal with 
insurance companies or with government schemes, it takes a very long time 
to get a patient discharged, whereas everyone promptly shows up for 
admission at 9 am in the morning. So, there’s a big mismatch where most of 
the admissions happen in the morning, but the discharge happens in the 
evening. So, that’s leading to squeeze in beds. Now, lot of the process change 
what we were doing and on the coordination between doctors, labs and test 
results and so on, so that we can discharge patients faster, earlier in the 
morning. So, with the same number of beds, reducing the discharge time 
increase the admissions of more patients and increase the occupancy. 
Otherwise, when my crunch is happening in the day time and occupancy I’m 
measuring in the night, you may see it as 65-68%, but functionally it acts more 
like a 75-80%, which is full occupancy. That is one aspect of that. The other is, 
the clinical team that we bring in. Now, a lot of our clinicians are travelling 
across. we’ve done a large number of these procedures called TAVI, which is a 
very advanced cardiac procedure for valve defects. A lot of them are travelling 
for doing liver transplants and training our people also. Then, there are robotic 
surgeries where patients are coming from different cities to get it done. So 
that is happening on the same infrastructure. the levers for that are just again, 
landing up patients, lot of communication, some marketing effort and having 
doctors talk to one another and manage the patients well. The third one is, as 
Dr. Rupert mentioned, which is, the clinical teams working to reduce the ALOS, 
which increases the throughput, which in the same infrastructure, will allow 

us to see more patients. So, on a like to like basis, these levers will always be 
there. That is something which is pursued independent of everything else we 
will do. But, over and above that, in Bangalore, in Kolkata, in Raipur, in a lot of 
places, even in our Delhi hospitals, we are really still chocked for space. So, our 
bone marrow transplant is usually always full because a lot of patients require 
that, and so they need more rooms for that. Or similarly, MRIs and CT scans 
are always chocked in the morning time, or in the OT you cannot get a slot in 
the daytime, our ICUs are always full. So, for that, you would have to also do 
a little capacity addition to address these minor things as well. Then of course, 
over and above that, we are looking at brownfield expansion, adding lots of 
beds to Bangalore and Kolkata because there’s just a natural flow. At this stage 
of our company’s life, lot of patients come because their family members got 
treated here. So, it’s not that this is the first time they’ve ever heard of NH, so 
they’ve come. Some family members, maybe even their parents have come 
here, gotten treated, had a good experience and so these are repeat patients 
for us. And so, that thing just keeps growing the more mature you become as 
a hospital. So, we have to have enough capacity to take care of them.  
Gagan Thareja: 
While I appreciate your very detailed answer, the issue is, all of these steps, as 
you say, to start with, in a way help you increase throughput and efficiency. 
I’m simply grappling with what effective sort of a number or even a ballpark 
number, in terms of additive capacity it can create or increase throughput by, 
If you could help us somewhat there? Otherwise, it’s very qualitative and very 
difficult for us to assess a model. And secondly, as you increase throughput, 
I’m sure it also implies some sort of an efficiency, and therefore improvement 
in margins. So, would it be a right assessment that, as and when this moves 
up, there’s also margin benefits to be had? If you could give us some idea on 
both additive capacity and throughput and also maybe enumerate the 
outcomes of these efforts, and second, the consequences of these on the 
margins?  
Viren Shetty: 
Gagan, I’m sure you know we don’t give guidance on that, and it’s not 
something that we would be able to give with any kind of certainty either in 
terms of guidance on how much all these digitization activities are going to do. 
I think, the best just to help you, what I’ve seen other people do in the model 

is, take where we are and take what is best in class. So, for hospitals in the 
certain region, best in class occupancy is, let’s say 70-75% or best in class ALOS 
is that, whereas we are at 50% and the ALOS is where it is. And so, in the gap 
between the two, you would just need to make a reasonable assumption that 
this will happen organically over the next 2-3 years for you to reach that and 
then assign some kind of confidence interval on that. But, I don’t think we’d 
be able to give you any guidance on just by putting a number.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Yeah, thanks, I get what you’re saying. Just one final one. The brownfield, if 
you could just help us understand both, the timeline over which it materializes 
and to what extent does it add to the existing bed capacity? 
Viren Shetty: 
These are still in the planning stage. We’re still talking with the contractors 
and architects and designers for doing all of that. These will be little, long laid 
time projects. This construction alone takes 2 to 2 ½ years, and getting the 
planning permission and so on would take another 6 months. The Capacity 
that it would be added in phases. So, ultimately, we want to double the 
capacity of both hospitals, but that will happen in phases. So, we may start 
with 200 beds and then keep adding that every couple of years as and when 
the occupancy reaches a certain level. 
Gagan Thareja: 
So, it would be reasonable to assume that the significant capex budgeted for 
this year, ex of Cayman, a large part of the balance will actually bear fruit only 
2 ½ to 3 years out? Or, am I completely wrong there?  
Viren Shetty: 
No. The significant capex that is budgeted for this year, that will actually come 
online. It won’t lead to any bed increase. This is mostly medical equipment and 
refurbishments; that’s what we’re able to spend. For bed capacity addition, 
those are long laid projects which will take 2-3 years. So, it won’t show up in 
changing the overall beds. These things what we’re spending now, apart from 
Cayman, are most quick wins like refurbishment of OT, adding MRIs, adding 
some robots, and adding Onco, which doesn’t really change the bed mix much, 
but increases your realization; these are very high margin departments.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks a lot for taking my questions. I’ll get back in the queue.  

Alankar Garude: 
Thanks for the opportunity. 2-3 questions. So, one is a follow up to Sameer’s 
question on the hospital in Mumbai. If you see, there’s another paediatric 
hospital in Mumbai which is operating at more than 20% EBITDA margins. We 
also have the largest mother and child hospital chain in India which is 
operating at 25-28% EBITDA margins. So, it doesn’t seem to be a city problem 
or maybe an acceptance issue for paediatric hospitals in general in India. So, 
can you help elaborate on what are the issues which you are facing? Is payor 
mix a larger issue for us compared to some of our other peers, or any other 
issue which you can highlight?  
Viren Shetty: 
I’ll start and Dr. Rupert can elaborate. The key issue what you have identified, 
and we are mentioning the hospitals which are going in for listing soon. Those 
are mother and child hospitals, they don’t do really high-end paediatric work. 
Most of it is birthing and lot of birthing related. Since our birthing program has 
just started, we’re yet to get those sorts of numbers. Whereas, we started 
from day 1 with a focus on very high-end work on newborns, neonates, young 
children with serious congenital disease. So, that is leading to the difference. 
The patient profile of our two businesses are very different. 
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: I think Viren has covered it all. But, that is one more area where we are 
focusing on the routine general paediatric work; we’re putting lot of focus on 
that as well where there is reasonably larger margins compared to some of 
the higher quaternary work where there’s a different payor mix which we are 
catering to as of now.  
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. But, I’m just curious on that. If we look at say the largest chain in 
India, I mean, 70% of their business comes in from paediatrics, 30% only comes 
in from maternity. And, when I meant about the hospital in Mumbai, I didn’t 
mention the one which is filed; there’s another hospital which I was referring 
to, which I guess has a higher pediatric mix. So, can you help me understand if 
you just compare it to the largest chain in India, because the mix is broadly 
similar, 70% coming in from paediatrics. Is it just because of the mix issue, or 
is there something else? 
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: The clinical mix, because they have just started doing some super-specialty 
work, apart from doing the NICU work which they are very well known for. 

They do lot of retrievals and things like that. But, they have just started to go 
towards the tertiary and the quaternary work, which we are already well 
established as a provider of those services in Mumbai. But, we need to have 
the right mix, and that is what we’re working on; the right mix of proper 
birthing and the right mix of the routine paediatric work, and that is what we 
are focusing on and trying to get that thing done. the daycare surgeries and 
things like that.  
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. So, say in a steady state kind of timeline, would these high-end 
procedures which we are currently doing would be profitable procedures for 
us?  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
Yeah, these high-end procedures work well. But, it just occupies too much of 
your manpower as well, because the more tertiary and the more quaternary 
work you do, lot of support services also proportionately rises, while the basic 
secondary level care and the primary kind of care, you don’t need that kind of 
a manpower support. And, that is where we are, and we need to get the right 
balance in there and that is what we’re working towards.  
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. The second question is on Delhi and the eastern peripheral. I guess, 
there’s been some change in how we have reported our clusters in this 
quarter. So, can you provide some numbers on the margins of Delhi as well as 
the eastern cluster, ex of Jaipur and Raipur? 
Sandhya J: 
If you look at the Delhi cluster, we have reported EBITDAR margin of about 
10.4% including Jaipur. If you look at the Delhi cluster, we would be around 
the range of 10-11% only in terms of EBITDAR margin, because one of the 
hospitals is already at 15-16% margin and the other hospital is on track. So 
therefore, because Jaipur has got added to the Delhi cluster, we have not had 
a positive bias to our margin numbers. In fact, Delhi performance has been, 
the northern cluster has recorded one of the highest ever revenue, as well as 
highest ever margins this quarter. So, the performance has been positive even 
excluding Jaipur. As far as eastern cluster is concerned, again our commentary 
is similar. Raipur comes with a slightly higher margin profile, but there isn’t a 
significant positive bias because of Raipur was in the eastern peripheral as 
well. 

Alankar Garude: 
Understood. So, basically from almost 1% odd EBITDA margin for the Delhi 
cluster in FY22, we are now, as of this quarter around 19%, even excluding 
Jaipur. 
Sandhya J: 
Not Delhi cluster, one of the hospitals in Delhi is at around 15% EBITDAR and 
the other hospital is recovering. As a northern cluster, we will be around 10%. 
And, there is positive bias that is coming because of Jaipur getting added to.  
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. And one final question. Can you comment on capex plans beyond 
FY23, I mean, very broadly, given that we have not firmed up our exact plans? 
And also, is it possible to split the broad capex plan beyond FY23 between 
India, Cayman and US?  
Sandhya J: 
So, Cayman the capex is pretty much done. We will finish the existing capex in 
Cayman and we will have adequate capacity that will run us for the next short 
to medium term. As far as India is concerned, like we said, there are various 
initiatives which are work in progress and they have to materialize. Like we 
guided, maybe we would invest 700-1,000 crores over the next 3-5 years in 
India. But, it is not possible to give a more detailed split of this profile right 
now because there are various moving parts, and some of it will convert. So, 
it’s nor fair to put a number on that right now. We are intending to invest 
among all the options that we spoke about so far in the call, and as we go 
through further calls, we can give you more commentary when things fructify 
and we have greater clarity.  
Alankar Garude: 
Basically, even though the exact number are not finalized as yet, but very 
broadly, the capex intensity is going to be higher over the next few years 
compared to what we have seen in the past. That would be a fair assumption, 
right? 
Viren Shetty: 
That is. But, that’s also because we didn’t invest anything during the Covid 
time. So this is catch-up investment that had to happen. The growth capex is 
driven primarily by Bangalore and Calcutta expansions, but they would have 
happened regardless. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Just one follow up on the capex, how would you be funding it? What 

proportion do you intend to fund from internal accruals and how much pre 
cost to debt would you require here?  
Sandhya J: 
It depends on certain types of capex. For eg. If we are acquiring land, we will 
be funding them from internal accruals. But say, if we’re buying machinery or 
putting up a building, etc, that would have more skewness towards there. 
While we don’t have an exact number of how much will be internal accruals 
v/s debt, but we do not intend to breach the debt equity of 1 at the outer limit; 
so we would stay in that range. As the propositions come up and we start 
building our plan, I think we’ll be in a position to give better visibility on that 
number.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. So, would it be a reasonable to summarize that towards the end of FY23 
our debt to equity would have changed significantly, or we would have levered 
up significantly from where we are? 
Sandhya J: 
 I don’t think we would have levered up significantly. We are, like you are 
aware, not very aggressive in terms of debt equity. We will lever up in the 
short term, yes. But, I don’t know if I will call it significantly, we will try to keep 
our debt equity under 1, that’s the aspiration.  
Debangshu Sarkar: 
So, I think there were some issues with my microphone out here. I was trying 
to say that, with that we will wrap up our session today. Thanks once again 
everyone for your active participation just like the previous calls. Like we 
mentioned at the outset, do feel free to reach out to us in case of any further 
queries or clarifications that you might need to address. Thanks once again for 
participating and being there with us on this forum.  
 
 
 
