40 Ani Organics Limited 
CIN No. 
: L24100GJ2007PLC051093 
Registered Office :- Plot No. 440/4, 5 & 6, Road No. 82/A, G.I.D.C. Sachin, Surat - 394230, Dist. Surat, Gujarat, India. 
  
August 17, 2022 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
BSE LIMITED, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code 
: 543349 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5“ Floor, Plot no. C-1, 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol 
: AMIORG 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q1 FY23 financial results held on August 10, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings conference call held on August 10, 2022 post 
announcement of financial results for the quarter ended June30, 2022. 
The same will also be available at the website of Company at www.amiorganics.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, AMI ORGANICS LIMITED 
EWea Kunal 
CS Ekta K. Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl 
: As Above 
  
  
€ 
Info@amiorganics.com 
@$ 
www.amiorganics.com 
(3 +91 72279 77744 
/ 75730 15366 
wy

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Ami Organics Limited 
Q1FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                              
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NARESH PATEL - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, AMI ORGANICS LIMITED 
                                             
 MR. BHAVIN SHAH - CFO, AMI ORGANICS 
LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMEY CHALKE - HAITONG SECURITIES 
 
 
                                         

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Ami Organics Q1FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Haitong Securities India. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amey Chalke, Pharma Analyst at Haitong 
Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
  
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome everyone to the Ami organics 
Q1FY23 earnings call. We are joined today by senior management members 
including Mr. Naresh Patel, Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Bhavin 
Shah, CFO. I would now like to request Mr. Naresh and Bhavin sir to share their 
comments on Q1FY23 results. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Amey. Good evening, everyone. We are pleased to welcome 
you all to our earnings call for Q1FY23. Please note that a copy of our disclosure 
is available on the Investors section of our website as well as on stock exchanges. 
Please do note that anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook towards 
the future, or which could be construed as forward-looking statement must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. With that, I would 
like to hand over the floor to our Chairman and MD, Mr. Naresh Patel for his 
opening statement. Over to you, sir. 
  
Nareshkumar Patel:  
Thank you, Bhavin. Good evening, everyone. I am Naresh Patel, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Ami Organic. I would like to welcome you all to our 
Q1FY23 earnings conference call. I hope you all are doing well. The current 
global business environment remains uncertain and challenging, driven by 
geopolitical conflicts and the cold war which is affecting energy prices, 
commodity prices and input prices across the world. Specifically for the pharma 
industry, this has led to higher raw material costs with a limited ability to transfer 
incremental cost to the customer. In fact, we have witnessed a pricing war in the 
US and other markets as companies scramble to maintain their market share. For 
intermediate players, we are at the lower end of the value chain. We have been 
able to pass on the cost to customers albeit, with a lag.  
 
Coming to Ami Organics, we have entered the financial year on a positive note, 
amongst all the global challenges. Our revenues for the quarter grew steadily at 
16% on year-on-year basis to INR 131 crore. I would like to highlight here that 
if you look at our past records, you will notice that our Q1 is always lower than 
Q2 and Q2 is always lower than Q3 and Q3 is always lower than Q4. So usually 
our Q4 is always the highest revenue-generating quarter and Q1 is always the 
lowest revenue-generating quarter therefore, I would request you all not to review 
our results on sequential basis as you will always see a drop in revenue from Q4 
to Q1. 
 
Coming to margins, we have been able to increase our gross margin driven by a 
better product mix, cost optimization measures, process improvement, the use of 
new technology and most importantly, our ability to pass on the incremental cost 
to our customers. But the EBITDA margins remained steady at Q4 levels due to 
high energy prices, which continue to stay at elevated levels due to global issues. 
To conclude on the financial performance for the quarter, I believe we have been 
able to improve our margins and deliver strong growth in the first quarter of the 
year. 
 
Coming to the business update. On a segmental basis, our Advanced 
Pharmaceutical intermediate business grew by 15% on a year-on-year basis, 
whereas the Specialty Chemical business grew by 26% on year-on-year basis. I 
will now discuss the Advanced Pharmaceutical business growth in detail, as it 
still continues to be our major business contributor - around 78% to the top line. 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
We have been able to register strong growth in such a challenging environment 
for the pharmaceutical industry because of several reasons. One, preferred 
supplier. As informed earlier, we are the preferred supplier for our customers. We 
continue to get orders as planned from our customers, as we continue to lead the 
market for their respective products. Usually, second and third suppliers get most 
affected in the environment of muted demand. Two, innovator business. Our 
innovator business continues to be strong, with products in the patent as well as 
off-patent continues to lead the market. 
 
And third and most important, product portfolio. Ami has more than 480 products 
in the basket with more than 90% of them going into chronic formulation. As 
informed earlier, around 30-35 products contribute around 80% of the pharma 
intermediate business and most of our top products continue to see strong 
demand, with a few exceptions. This shows the sustainability of our product 
portfolio. I would also like to highlight that we have firm orders in hand for the 
coming two quarters from the export business, and the domestic business 
continues to see good traction. So, overall business has remained strong for the 
Advanced Intermediates segment. 
 
Coming to the Specialty Chemicals business, we had a good quarter. Revenue 
grew 26% on a year-on-year basis. The specialty business uses more of 
commodity chemicals, which continues to put pressure on the margins, but we 
have been able to keep our margins steady at Q4FY22 levels. I believe we will 
start seeing strong growth from this part of the business in the current financial 
year. We have a couple of focus areas for this business, which will drive the 
overall business for the year. Let me discuss each of them with you. Number one 
is new products. We are planning to launch two new products under our import 
substitute model in the Agrochemical space. Our products are already in the 
sampling stage with various customers and I believe we will see 
commercialization in the second half of the financial year.  
 
Number two is new technology. As we said, we are shifting a few major products 
of the Specialty Chemicals business to newer technologies such as continuous 
flow reaction, which will help us ramp up our volumes as well as improve the 
margins. Also, increasing wallet share. Once we improve the yield for the 
products using new technology, we will be able to compete with the bigger 
players on volume and price, which will help us increase wallet share. Finally, 
operational efficiency. We continue to focus on operational efficiency as well as 
process improvement. We have a separate team that works on this. It is a 
continuous process that I believe will help us improve our margins. Overall, I 
remain excited about the Specialty Chemical business as we have a strong plan 
in our hand and I am sure we will execute it well. 
 
Moving on to the update on electrolyte additives. Currently, our product is with 
various customers in China and Europe. Some of these are in a very advanced 
stage of qualification and I expect to see some revenue from this product in Q4 
of this financial year. We are also engaging with various customers in Korea, as 
well as India for this product. We have already acquired a land parcel in Sachin, 
Surat for the future expansion of the electrolyte business. As of now, our 
capacities in Jhagadia unit are enough to cater to the initial demand for this 
product and if we see good traction from our customers, we will go for the 
dedicated plant for the electrolyte. 
 
Overall, we are witnessing robust demand for our products and with firm orders 
in hand, I am very much optimistic about delivering sustainable growth of 25% 
for the financial year 2023. Please note, we have not included expected revenue 
from the electrolyte in these growth estimate. Now I will request our CFO, Mr. 
Bhavin Shah to discuss the financials. Over to you, Bhavin. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Thank you, Mr. Naresh. Good evening, everyone. I would like to briefly touch 
upon the key performance highlights with the quarter ended 30th June 2022 and 
then we will open the floor for the Question-and-Answers. I will start with the 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
quarterly update. Revenue for the quarter was at INR 131 crore, up 15.8% as 
compared to INR 113 crore in Q1FY22. The gross profit for the quarter was at 
INR 63.9 crore, up 31% as compared to INR 48.7 crore in Q1FY20. The gross 
margin for the quarter was at 48.8%, an increase of 572 basis points on Y-o-Y 
basis and 467 basis points on a sequential basis. As Mr. Naresh mentioned in his 
opening remarks, a better product mix, cost optimization measure, process 
improvement measure, the use of new technology and the ability to pass on the 
incremental cost to the customer has helped us in improving our margins during 
the quarter. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR 23.7 crore, up 7.1% as compared to INR 22.1 
crore in Q1FY2022. EBITDA margins for the quarter were at 18.1% as compared 
to 19.5% in Q1FY22 and 18% in Q4FY22. We have been able to maintain our 
EBITDA margin on a sequential basis, which is suppressed due to higher energy 
cost, freight costs, as well as lower EBITDA margins of the specialty chemical 
business. PAT for the quarter was at INR 14.9 crore, up 8.3% on-Y-o-Y basis. 
The PAT margins for the quarter were at 11.3% as compared to 12.1% in 
Q1FY22. When you compare the PAT margins with Q4FY22 numbers, kindly 
bear in the mind that we had a tax benefit in Q4FY22, which led to a lower tax 
of 4% for the quarter. This expanded the PAT margin for Q4FY22. If you remove 
the tax impact from Q4 numbers, PAT margins are steady on a sequential basis. 
 
Export for the quarter was at 57% whereas domestic business was at 43%. We 
have maintained our EBITDA margins in the specialty chemical business at Q4 
levels even as raw material prices for the products remained elevated. As Naresh 
bhai mentioned, we remain optimistic for the year and believe that we will 
continue to grow at the historical growth rate of 25%. I will now conclude my 
remarks and request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer 
session. 
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: 
Sir, my question is to understand a bit more on the other costs and raw material 
costs. If I look at the transportation cost or other similar costs, it peaked out in 
the early part of FY22 and then it started to come down; similarly the crude prices 
have also come down. So, if you can give some color on the trajectory of the 
other costs and the raw material cost; whether from the first quarter, are we seeing 
the costs coming down on an absolute basis? My second question is that you 
talked about the benefits of the specialty chemicals kicking in the second half, 
but also, we have an operating leverage. If you can break your other cost, you 
will also have fixed and variable cost. So, given that the first quarter is the 
weakest in terms of pulling down the absolute sales as we move through the 
second, third and fourth quarter, shouldn't the other costs get rationalized? Sir, if 
you can give some color on where do you see the margin trajectory moving from 
the current 17.5%, 18% for the first quarter? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
I will give a brief answer. After that, more detailed numbers will be given to you 
by Bhavin. Basically, our business is fairly seasonal. Every year, quarter one is 
very low compared to quarter four. So, every quarter we have an incremental 
revenue growth that will directly impact the variable cost; fixed cost will be 
minimal for quarter four against quarter one. So this is directly adding to the 
margin of the company. In that sense, incremental growth from 17% to 20, 21, 
22% will be possible, because this is directly adding benefit into lowering the 
fixed costs. In terms of energy and other costs, I think Bhavin can give you a 
better idea on that. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
So, Sudarshan, as mentioned by Naresh Bhai, our gross margin will be hovering 
roughly around existing margin, 1% or 2% up or down due to product mix. As 
we move forward, our other costs will be improved as energy cost, freight cost 
and other costs will normalize over the period. And as we go along, our sales and 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
volume will improve. So, that will benefit us and our margins will improve 
further through that. 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Also, we are changing the source of energy from furnace oil to coal. So, by this 
way we can a reduce sizable amount of the energy cost in our Jhagadia plant. 
  
  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: 
Last year, when I look at the full-year EBITDA margins, we were sitting at 
around 20%. Given that we are talking about lot of benefits in terms of cost 
cutting, as well as the absolute intensity of the fuel costs coming down, should 
we actually see 100 bps, 200 bps improvement from FY22 to FY23 if I look at it 
on a full year basis? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes, you are right, and if you see this quarter also, our gross margin has improved 
by 4%, but energy cost and import freight cost has impacted a little badly on the 
margin. That's why we are at a muted level against Q4. But yes, definitely the 
going three quarters have been helping us. We are working on that as well as 
some post measures that will give you the results in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So, definitely 
what you say is right that our margin will be improved by 100 or 200 bps in full 
year portfolios. 
  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: 
One final question before I log off. While the electrolyte is still not a part of the 
financial numbers, the application of electrolyte seems to be quite exciting. If you 
can give some color -not necessarily quantitatively, but even qualitatively- in 
three years, would this be a substantial portion of the business? How is the 
profitability of the electrolyte business? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Basically we have developed electrolyte additives, which is mainly used as a solid 
electrolyte interface (SEI), which is very important for making the electrolyte 
solutions. This is very important for lithium-ion batteries, where you make the 
cells with lithium-ion and carbon as an anode and there is an electrolyte which is 
used as a fuel between that. So till now, the two products we have developed is 
vinylene carbonate and fluoroethylene carbonate. We had not disclosed the name 
till now because it was not matured, and we wanted to avoid any further 
competition in the market and now samples are approved in China and we are 
also circulating samples in Europe. 
 
We have several interim customers from automobile, from battery storage 
manufacturers and also the solar industry. There is huge potential for this product, 
and we have started circulating samples. There is a slightly longer process of 
qualification here because it's not only the matter of qualifying the chemical, but 
also it is the safety aspects accordingly. So they are trying to test also the safety 
aspects. So that's why it will be delayed by one or two quarters, but we are very 
optimistic since we are one of the first companies outside China who produce 
this. Because of the geopolitical situation, European, Japanese and Korean 
companies want to have a source outside China. So there is a great advantage for 
Ami Organics to promote this product into the market. This product has huge 
potential because the green energy sector is growing very fast.  
 
According to the reports we had from the professionals, they are expecting $2 
billion of the revenue of this molecule in the year 2028 and we are expecting to 
capture 10% from that. So this is what we are expecting from this molecule. And 
that is why we are proactively ready with the land, so we can finish our 
environmental clearance and other matters so that as soon as the demand rises in 
a quicker mode, we can do the expansion in 2024 or 2025. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Singhal from Naredi Investments. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
  
Abhishek Singhal: 
My first question is about the CAPEX plan for FY23 and FY24. If we do INR 1 
of CAPEX, how much of a topline growth will we be able to see? My second 
question is regarding how much we may grow in next three to five years. 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Okay, regarding the CAPEX: for INR 1, we can generate INR 3, INR 3.5 of 
revenue. We have always been conservative in our projections. Additionally, 
over the last 10-11 years of revenue profile, we have been growing at 25% 
CAGR. We continue to claim the same growth rate here as well. So you can use 
these to understand what level we can reach in '24, '25. 
  
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay. And sir, last question. What level of margins are you expecting? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
We want to go to our normalized margin of FY21. That is our target because 
pharma is our high-margin portfolio, whereas specialty chemicals – given that it 
is relatively new- we have raised from single digits to double-digits. Right now, 
even with a very adverse market situation of raw materials,  we are maintaining 
it at 11% in this quarter. We want to grow the specialty segment every quarter by 
100-200 bps. That will help us to get close to the Pharma margin. Our target is to 
eventually get to 22-23%. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Jay Shah from Capital PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
  
Jay Shah: 
Congratulations sir for a good set of numbers despite Q1 being the weakest. Sir, 
I had a couple of questions. First, on the pharma side, could you throw some light 
on what kind of therapies are calling for more of our raw material? It would be 
great if you could throw some light on the end-customer profile. Secondly, as you 
mentioned the name of the two electrolytes, I wanted to understand whether we 
are backward integrated when it comes to the manufacturing of these electrolytes. 
Given that one of the electrolytes is  fluorine based, are we procuring fluorine 
locally? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Your first question is about which therapeutic areas are giving us growth? 
  
Jay Shah: 
Yes, that's right sir. 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
We work on 17 therapeutic areas, but our top 5 product lines come from 
antidepressant, anticoagulant, anti-parkinson, anti-retroviral and anti-diabetic. 
These are the segments where we are growing very well and our business is very 
well distributed between regulated and generic as well as export and domestic. 
So, in that sense, we are very well balanced in our demand of our product in the 
world. Coming to your second question related to the backward integration of our 
electrolyte. We are not dependent on China for any raw material in either of the 
electrolytes. While there is one raw material imported, it is imported from Europe 
in quantities ranging in the hundreds of tons every month by the industry as a 
whole, so there is no issue of shortage of that raw material. Related to fluorine, 
our chemistry is not using any fluorine but we use potassium chloride, which is 
readily available in India and we have a good relation with the potassium chloride 
supplier. So that will not be an issue for us. In terms of positioning of the product, 
the product is already developed, and the vinylene carbonate is in the final stage 
of approval, with some others in the initial approval stage and fluoroethylene 
carbonate currently going through into the market for sampling. 
  
Jay Shah: 
Okay. Do we have any kind of process patent for these two electrolytes? Have 
you applied for a patent? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
We had not planned it yet because we want to retain our positioning. But it is 
under write-up right now. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
  
Kumar Saumya Singh: 
Hi, Sir. Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the one-off 
expense that you have highlighted in the presentation regarding the construction 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
of civil structure that is in place - if you could quantify the impact of this 
constructions through numbers? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Your question is what will be the impact of civil construction upon the financials, 
right? 
  
Kumar Saumya Singh: 
Yes, sir. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
It is INR 74.6 lakh. You can say INR 75 lakh. 
  
Kumar Saumya Singh: 
Okay. And sir, what was the export share in the revenue for this quarter as 
compared to last year? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
57% is our export revenue. 
  
Kumar Saumya Singh: 
And last year same quarter how much was it? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Last full year, it was 58%. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Kartik Iyer, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
  
Kartik Iyer: 
Congratulations sir, on a good set of numbers. I am sorry, I couldn't catch the 
names of the electrolyte molecules that you mentioned. Could you please repeat 
the same? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
The first one, which is in a very advanced stage, is vinylene carbonate and second 
one, which is going to be in the market is fluoroethylene carbonate. 
  
Kartik Iyer: 
Okay. And my other question was related to the integration of Gujarat Organics. 
Have we done everything we need to seamlessly integrate with the Gujarat 
Organics facility or is there still a ways to go on that exercise? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
The integration of the Gujarat Organic is a three-phase operation. First step is to 
centralize and consolidate the production from two locations to one location, 
which we had finished in Q4FY22. Now we are in the process improvements 
phase, where we focus on operational efficiency as well as improvement in the 
yield; if there is a technological in-efficiency, we need to mitigate it.  One of the 
largest products - Methyl Salicylate; we have converted from that from batch to 
continuous, and equipment has already been ordered. Now we are in phase of 
installation of that setup. Once that is installed, our capacity to make methyl 
salicylate will be huge and that gives us a cost leverage to hold our position in 
the market.  
 
So we are currently in the second phase, where we are now improving the 
technology for each molecule of Gujarat Organics; whether it is a flow reaction, 
a change in the process to give better yield, or to avoid major generation of 
environmental affluence. These are all activities going on right now that will be 
finished by Q2FY23, following which we will be focusing our thoughts on 
dominating the market by putting in large-scale production. 
  
Kartik Iyer: 
And sir, what is the percentage of raw materials that we import right now? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
So the percentage of import is 35%. 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Just wanted to add that it is 28% for the pharmaceutical business. Since Gujarat 
organic is now a part of Ami organic, that has added another 8% import, resulting 
in a community import of 36%. Pharma still remains at 28%. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Taurus Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
  

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Hardik Shah: 
Sir, in your opening commentary, you have mentioned that we are planning to 
launch two Agrochemical products under the import substitute basket. Could you 
throw some more light on what these products could mean for us in the future in 
terms of revenue contribution and the market size? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Right from IPO -and even during our last three calls- we have said that two 
products are commercialized and another three are in the pipeline. Out of these 
three, two products have now been moved to the pilot. One of these has Agro 
applications and is mainly used by big Agro manufacturers in India, like UPL, 
Coromandel, GSP, who are completely importing these intermediates. These 
intermediaries are under sample approval stage.  2-Cynophenol is the name of 
the molecule; that molecule has huge potential. The final API is still under patent 
by Syngenta so once it goes out for patent, there will be a huge volume of demand. 
  
Hardik Shah: 
Understood, sir. So, we are planning to launch multiple products in the import 
substitute basket, sir. Where do you see the import substitute basket landing after 
a period of three or four years in terms of overall mix? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Import substitutes is mainly in our specialty chemical segments because we can 
get large volume and large value as well. We can dominate that through better 
technology, better chemistry and better yield, which makes us competitive 
against companies based outside India. We expect it to contribute 5% to 10% 
every year. We are targeting revenue contribution of 20-25% from these 
segments in 3-4 years.  
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
I had a question on the other expenses for the quarter. If I compare it to Q1FY22, 
other expenses and employee costs are up pretty sharply; even sequentially, they 
are up. So can you break down the increase in other expenses? How much is due 
to higher utility cost, how much due to higher freight costs and how much is 
because of the Gujarat Organic's OPEX coming on? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Gagan, on the first part you have asked about personnel/manpower cost. So, 
during the quarter we have rolled out annual increments, where the effect is 
coming during this quarter on a sequential basis as well as on Y-o-Y basis. Now, 
on the other part of other expenses, there is a higher freight cost for the import of 
materials; so freight cost increased by 2- 2.5%. Our conversion cost and 
electricity cost also increased by around 5% to 6%. These are the two major 
factors resulting in expenses being on the higher side on a sequential basis. On a 
Y-o-Y basis, it is not comparable, because during Q1FY21, our unit 2 and unit 3 
were not fully operational and integration process was still ongoing, so other 
expense figure is not comparable on a Y-o-Y basis. On Q-o-Q basis if you see 
other expense, it is higher by 10%. Conversion and manufacturing cost, power/ 
electricity and freight, these are the three main items which had a higher impact. 
There is some contribution from consumables also. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
All right. But do you feel that the other expenses reported in Q1 is sustainable or 
is there a possibility of it going up? I understand, as sales move up, they might 
move up in absolute terms, but in percentage terms, would other expenses remain 
stable as a percentage of sales going ahead or will they drop? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
The percentage of sales will be incremental for next three quarters. Operating 
costs will go down and will normalize in Q3 or Q4. Since Gujarat Organic's unit 
two was using gas with another unit using FO, there is a high impact from that 
since neither are good fuels. We have already obtained the environment clearance 
to replace furnace oil with coal and we are already in the process of installation 
of the coal boiler there. So in this quarter only we are targeting to commission it. 
Once it has been commissioned, there will be sizable decrease in the energy cost 
in unit 3. So that will be giving a good advantage to us. Coming to freight, 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
everybody is having problems from a logistic point of view, but we are expecting 
that to normalize in the next couple of months, so that would reduce too. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Also, can you give us the segmental EBITDA numbers? You have reported 
segmental sales I think in the past, you used to report segmental EBITDA also? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
EBITDA for Pharma is 19.62% and for Specialty 10.14%. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And what is the current utilization levels of Gujarat Organics? Is it more 
or less where it was in the last couple of quarters, or has it improved? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
It is the same 40% in Gujarat Organics. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
For the year, do you expect it to rise going ahead and what would be a reasonable 
number to think of in terms of Gujarat Organics utilization? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
It will rise by around 10% but there also we are putting some continuing flow 
operations which will be replacing batch process to continuous. So, it is very 
difficult for me to say that utilization will become very high or will remain at this 
level, because our new products are also being introduced in that area. But it will 
go up to 50% in this year. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And this 15% growth that you have reported on your pharma 
intermediates, can you split it up into volume growth and price or mix-led 
growth? Likewise for Gujarat Organics business also, can you split it up both in 
volume growth and price growth? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
So, Gagan, majority of our growth is coming from volume only. Volume growth 
is more than 90%. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
About the Agrochemicals that you intend to launch in the second half of this year, 
can you give us some idea of what is the current market size of those two 
molecules? You have indicated one is an intermediate for an under-patent 
molecule of Syngenta, could give us some more idea there? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Currently it's under patent so is not that great; somewhere around INR 20 crore, 
INR 25 crore currently. However, it is very important from the side of 
Agrochemicals, so it will be grow maybe 2x - 3x in the upcoming years. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
When does the patent expire on this one? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
I don't know the final API patent expiry history, but it will be in next couple of 
years - maybe next year or maybe '25. I am unsure of the exact date, but I have 
been hearing from buyers that the demand will be very huge in '24 and we need 
to have a capacity to cater to that. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
All right. And the other molecule; could you discuss something about that  I 
mean whatever you are comfortable. 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
That is from the Pharma side, it is an anti-inflammatory, which is purely being 
importing from China, and we are now in a pilot stage. So once we get a 
commercial order for that, I will disclose the name. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Any potential market size that you can give? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Given that it is a single molecule, it will not go beyond INR 40 crore, INR 50 
crore if it is completely mature. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And by when do you expect these to give you full potential? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
FY24. 
  

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Gagan Thareja: 
On Pharma, the sales momentum has come down relatively, although it's still 
healthy at 15%. Likewise, your listed peer which supplies intermediates has also 
had a relatively soft quarter in Q1. How should we think of the pharma 
intermediates business for FY23? Do you think this is just a transitory 
phenomenon, and then things will start recovering going ahead once inventory 
buildup starts happening by the pharma company? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
You rightly said that pharma currently is having the pressure of sustainability in 
terms of positioning in the market. Luckily, we are not in an acute business, we 
are more in a chronic business where there is always a daily demand for doses. 
So, we have good export firm orders in hand, whereas domestic -which is on a 
spot basis- is getting also good orders with good visibility of what we had 
planned. Our budget and other matters are in line with that. So I hope that will 
remain the same for our end buyer as well. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
So essentially, you are saying that your order book gives you visibility for the 
guidance/aspiration of 20-25% top line growth? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
Right. And if the input costs remain at where they are at current level as you scale 
up your sales in the future quarters, you are confident of being able to improve 
your operating margins as well?  
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. 
  
Gagan Thareja: 
And sir, finally, if you could give me the name of I think one molecule, you 
mentioned for the electrolyte – Vinylene Carbonate and the other was 
fluoroethylene carbonate or flurorovinylene? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
It's a fluoroethylene carbonate. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Tarun Shetty. Please go ahead.  
  
Tarun Shetty: 
So, just wanted to know the performance of some of your top molecules like 
Trazodone, Entacapone. How have they performed in the current quarter and how 
do you see them performing in the coming quarters? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
So Trazodone has contributed around 21%. Entacapone has contributed 7.69%, 
and we see the steady growth in this molecule for the year. 
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Okay and in Dolutegravir, you had lost substantial traction in the last year. 
Currently, how do you see this panning out? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
See, Dolutegravir this year has contributed 6% and we are expecting it to remain 
in this range, but the new molecules like Apixaban and Darolutamide is showing 
good potential in this year as well as the upcoming one. 
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Okay. And I believe you also launched Sitagliptin in the import substitute 
product. So is the traction substantial in this particular product as you had 
mentioned to one of the participants? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes, we have got several tons of orders for that molecule and one customer has 
already started placing orders on a regular basis, so we are highly focusing on 
that intermediate with all the customers regarding Sitagliptin. 
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Okay, that's good. Salicylic acid is supposed to be one of your intermediates that 
was supposed to show decent growth this year. So how have these intermediates 
performed? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
I can say this salicylic acid is our major raw material, which we are importing in 
Gujarat organics products. 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Okay. Sir, lastly on the Ankhleshwar facilities, is the timeline for FY24 still on? 
Have you started the hiring process for that facility? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. Timeline is still on track. We have already started building the civil structure 
and begun hiring for that facility.  
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Okay. But majority of hiring will happen in the year-end FY24? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes, FY24. When it is reaches the stage of installation and commissioning. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Hemang Dagli from Verenium Capital. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
  
Hemang Dagli: 
I wanted to understand what our top five products would be contributing to the 
overall sales. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
It is 47%. 
  
Hemang Dagli: 
We had a tax rate of 26.9% this quarter. For the full year, will we be closer to 24 
- 25% - what number should we work with? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Yes. Our normal tax rate is 25.16% and for full year, it should be in the same 
range. This time, we have one off write-off, which is not allowed in taxation. So, 
it is 1% higher than normal tax rate. 
  
Hemang Dagli: 
Okay. So, on the CAPEX front, we have INR 190 crore of CAPEX at Ankleshwar 
where the full capacity will come in during Q4 FY24. Along with this, do we 
have any other CAPEX during the year in FY23 that would increase our 
capacities? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
So during the year, we have a budget of INR 30 crore for other modification and 
maintenance CAPEX. 
  
Hemang Dagli: 
Okay. And as you said, the INR 190 crore of CAPEX will give us a revenue of 
3x going forward after FY24. Is my understanding right? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes, 3x, 3.5x, depends on the product mix. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, first question is, you said that the EBITDA for pharma is INR 19 crore and 
specialty chemical is INR 10 crore. Did I heard right? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
No, it is 19.62% and 10.14%. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Oh okay. Perfect. In terms of the ongoing CAPEX, like in Ankleshwar and the 
expansion of pharma, those are on track and are they likely to come on schedule? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
For the time being, yes. Till today, it is going on as per the plan. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And third, sir, given your guidance of 20% to 25% top line growth, this 
quarter, the growth rate was little tapered. So should we expect the major kick off 
happening in the second half or from the second quarter? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
It is a gradual increment. So Q2 will be more then Q1, Q3 will be more than Q2 
and Q4 is the highest one. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And by that time, few of your new capacities will also come right? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And when you say that the margin will gradually improve. So this quarter, 
there was some one-off cost also right into your EBITDA? How much was that? 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
It is INR 75 lakh. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Okay, that's all. 
  
Bhavin Shah: 
Yes. 
  
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. When you see EBITDA margin improvement, should we see the 
improvement from the second quarter onwards, or it would be again back-ended; 
more in the third and fourth quarter? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
It is same as revenue growth. Similarly, it would be going in the same trajectory. 
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rajdeep Singh from ASK Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Sir. You said Dolutegravir contribution is 6% to growth or is it a contribution to 
the revenues? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
It is revenue 6% contribution. Precisely, 5.96%. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Okay, sir. On this ARV piece of the business, it is well known that there has been 
pressure on the end formulation of ARV business. How does it trickle down to 
you? In formulation there is pressure that trickles down to the API manufacturer. 
For you, how has the volume or price growth been in this, and how has the 
contribution been over the last few quarters? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
See, Dolutegravir is still under patent and is highly dependent on the tender 
business. Last year when tender was an issue, dolutegravir was not in a great 
position. Even this year, there has been lower amount of tender issued. So that is 
the reason why dolutegravir is not in our top three products currently. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Okay. But it is there in top five? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Okay, sir. How do you see the volume and price currently, and going forward, 
not only for Dolutegravir but other ARV products as well? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
We don't do any other ARV. We only have Dolutegravir. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Okay. Could we have the outlook for the same? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
This year we expect the same as FY22 and we are expecting that by next Q3 or 
Q4, these people will get good demand, and then we can start. Currently, we are 
working with only two customers based in Hyderabad. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Okay. And sir, from a medium term perspective between your two businesses, 
the pharma intermediates and specialty chemicals, how do you see the growth 
rate between the two over the medium term? Strategically, how are you 
positioning yourself? In what percentage of your business does the client choose 
you and what percentage do you choose your clients? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Very good question. My aim is to bring the specialty chemicals somewhere 
around 35% of the total revenue, and we are on track with that. We are working 
on chemistry, technology and infrastructure to achieve this. Since specialty 
chemicals don't have high value,  it is only through high volume gain that we can 
grow and we are targeting to reach 35% revenue contribution in the next two to 
three years. Coming to choosing the customer, in Pharma, the customer mainly 

 
Ami Organics Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
asks us because we are very well established in pharma; we are the first choice 
for any molecule sourcing as we are very strong in documentation, FDA approved 
only chemical manufacturing facility in India.  
 
So that is where customers prefer us, and we have more than 160 - 170 customers 
in pharma. Specialty segment is a new segment for us, where we approach the 
customer, and also Gujarat Organics has done a wonderful job with more than 
600 customers there. There are big names like Bayer Corp Science, Pfizer etc. as 
their customers, so we are trying to increase the volume there as well. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Fair, this is helpful. And lastly, sir, you mentioned that on the energy side, you 
will be switching from FO to coal. What kind of savings would this bring? Do 
you then plan to alternatively switch between the two? How do you plan to 
maintain the energy mix and does any of your plants operate on gas currently? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes. We have a plant operating on gas in all areas - Jhagadia as well as in Surat 
as well as in Ankleshwar. So basically, Ami is very highly focused on 
environment compliances and we have a policy not to violate anything. Furnace 
oil is not a good fuel, but we could not immediately replace it because we needed 
to obtain environment clearance, which we have got the approval from the 
MOEF.   
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
This is the GOL plant you are talking about? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
Yes, GOL. The same boiler can't use coal and fuel, so we procured new boilers 
for coal, which is under installation right now. Once it is installed, it will result 
in a sizable amount saving in energy as well as meeting environmental 
compliances. 
  
Rajdeep Singh: 
Sir, what would be the saving that you would incur? 
  
Nareshkumar Patel: 
That depends on the coal price and other factors; once we commission it we can 
disclose that as well. 
  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Tarun Shetty for his closing comments. 
  
Tarun Shetty: 
Yes, on behalf of Haitong, I would like to thank Mr. Naresh Patel and the team 
of Ami Organics for answering all the questions and giving us the opportunity to 
host this call. Thank you once again. 
  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Ami Organics and Haitong 
Securities that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
