o DOLLAR 
WEAR THE CHANGE 
16-08-2022 
BSE Limited 
~ 
;:,ecretary, 
Phiroze Jeejeebboy Towers, 
ational Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Dalal Street, 
Exchange Piazza, C-1, Block 'G', 
Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Scrip Code :541403 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
~vmbol- DOLLAR 
Dear Sires), 
Reg: Transcript of Earning Call on Unaudited I"inancial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter' ended 30"1 Jur,e, 2IJ22 
In continuation to our letter dated 5th August, 2022 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 (2) of 
tht; Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing the transcript of the Eami.ng Conference Call held on 11 th 
August, 2022 at 11 :00 AM, on the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalor.e) of 
the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2021, furtlle''' please note th"lt the same is also 
available on tile Company's website at www~do ll~lobaLil ! . 
This may please be informed to all the concerm,d. 
T:::.nking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
DOLLAR INDUSTRIES LTD. 
(AN ISO 9001:2015 CERTIFIED ORGANISATION) 
Regd. Office 
Om Tower 15th Floor 32 J. L Nehru Road Kolkata 700071 India 
+ 91 33 2288 4064·66 ~ +91 332288 4063 ~ca re@do llarglob al.in . dollarglobal.in 
CIN NO.: L17299WB1993PlC058969 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Dollar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2022 
 
 
    
          
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKIT GUPTA - PRESIDENT, MARKETING, 
DOLLAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
                                             MR. AJAY PATODIA - CFO, DOLLAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHREYA BAHETI – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
                                              
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to the Dollar Industries 
Limited Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shreya Baheti from Anand Rathi Share and 
Stock Brokers. Thank you, and over to you, Shreya. 
 
Shreya Baheti: 
Thank you, Ali. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi, I welcome you 
all for Q1 conference call for Dollar Industries. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Ankit Gupta, President, Marketing; and Mr. Ajay Patodia, CFO. We will start with 
opening remarks from the management and then go forward with the Q&A session. 
Over to you, sir. 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you, Shreya. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the entire 
management team at Dollar Industries, I welcome you all to the first quarter FY'23 
post-results conference call. We have continued on our growth path and the tone set 
in the previous year for growing our revenue, growing distributors under our Project 
Lakshya, expanding our channel financing scheme to the distributor and increasing 
our EBOs. 
 
The company has given robust performance in terms of revenue as well as volume 
growth. Our total revenue has shown a growth of 77.13% year-on-year, led by volume 
growth of 54% year-on-year. Our EBITDA has shown a growth of 9.71% in 
comparison to the same quarter last year, but EBITDA margin has declined on account 
of increase in the advertisement expenditure as well as the fluctuation in the raw 
material prices, which is still very dynamic. 
 
In current quarter, we have spent around INR 35 crore on advertisement, whereas it 
was INR 14.65 crore in the same quarter last year. This expenditure was mainly 
sponsoring IPL 2022, launching of our new TVC for Dollar Woman and the campaign 
for completion of 50 glorious years of Dollar Industries Limited. We are sure that this 
advertisement expenditure will give us the future benefit and mileage over next 3 to 4 
quarters. This is a large onetime expense and is non-recurring in forward quarters. For 
the FY'23, we are maintaining the target of our advertisement expenditure at around 
5%, 5.5% of our total revenue. Our domestic sales showed a growth of 81%, while 
export sales was 36% and modern trade e-commerce sales showed a growth of 112% 
on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Apart from our flagship brand, Dollar Man and Dollar Always, we have seen a good 
traction towards our Dollar Woman brand and premium brand Force NXT. And both 
the brands have given a good growth in terms of volume. Force NXT has given a 
volume growth of 95%, whereas Dollar Woman has given a growth of around 65%. 
 
During the quarter, the number of distributors under Project Lakshya increased to 174 
versus 142 as on 31 March, '22. This means we added around 32 distributors in a single 
quarter. We have also started rolling out this project in the state of Orissa and Bihar. 
 
Our efforts towards channel financing scheme for our dealers continue to see a good 
traction. We have received positive response of 250 dealers, out of which 160 dealers 
are already onboard, and the others will be onboarded within a short span of time. We 
expect to onboard several more distributors every quarter, and we'll continue to 
improve our receivable and overall working capital requirement. 
 
This particular quarter, our debtor days reduced by 1 day, which was 99 on 31st March, 
stands at around 98 days after the completion of the first quarter. On our EBO front, 
we have launched 2 new EBOs during the quarter: one in Tilak Nagar, Delhi; and the 
other one in Alwar, Rajasthan. We are aiming to add 25-plus EBOs during the year. 
 
Thank you all. Now I want to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ajay Patodia, to 
highlight the company's financials. 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
Thank you, Ankit ji. Good morning to everyone. The company had posted robust 
performance for the quarter 1 FY'23, led by the accelerated demand across categories. 
Our revenue for the quarter stood at INR 363.99 crore as against INR 205.49 crore, 
registering a growth of 77% compared to the same period last year. The growth was 
led by strong demand across our product portfolio and increased share of value-added 
products. 
 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 39.77 crore, registering a growth of 9.7% 
as compared to INR 36.25 crore during the same period last year. Our quarterly profit 
before tax, which stood at INR 32.53 crore, saw a growth of 5% as compared to INR 
31.05 crore for quarter 1 FY'22. 
 
Profit after tax for quarter 1 FY'23 stand at INR 27.87 crore. Further, we have seen a 
growth of 20.60% in our PAT as compared to last year same period. PAT margin for 
quarter 1 FY'23 stood at 7.66% as compared to 11.25% in Q1 FY'22. Now moving on 
to the brand-wise contribution for quarter 1 FY'23. Our Big Boss brand contributed 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
around 46%; Missy, around 9%; our regular brand, Dollar Always, contributed around 
39%; and Dollar Socks, around 1.5%; and our premium brand, around 3.5%. 
 
I now open the forum for question and answer. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, a couple of things. So since our margins have been lower in Q1 because of higher 
advertisement and higher raw material costs, so given this fact, what kind of full year 
margins you are targeting now in this year versus your earlier guidance of around 
17%? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Ankit, the thing is that with regards to EBITDA margin, our initial guidance was 
somewhere around 16.5%, 17%. We still aspire to be there on a yearly basis. But the 
market has been so dynamic, and there has been a lot of fluctuations in terms of cotton 
prices and the yarn prices. Plus, in the first quarter, we advertised a lot, due to which 
the margins are looking a bit on the lower side. So we aspire to be there on a yearly 
basis. We still are, but we don't really want to comment on that right now as a guidance 
because the things are really very dynamic right now. Although the demand side is 
pretty good, there's a consumer demand in the market, no doubt in that. But with 
regards to the raw material prices, it's very fluctuating right now because we saw a dip 
in the cotton prices, but again, it rose by some amount in last 5, 10 days. So it would 
be very hard if I give a guidance on it, but yes, we really aspire to be at 16.5%, 17%. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And in Q1, you have already done INR 35 crore of advertising. So in absolute 
terms, what is your target for this full year in advertising? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Well, as I told, like it should be somewhere around 5.5% on a yearly basis, somewhere 
around that only, which would amount to somewhere around INR 75 crore to INR 80 
crore. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And this advertisement, you believe, is now at peak and next year, I mean it 
will be in the range of INR 60 crore, INR 70 crore or you believe that it will increase 
from here on? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So as a percentage of sales, we'll try to maintain somewhere around 5%, 5.5%, not 
below that. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And lastly, your working capital has been increasing. I understand there is a 1-
day improvement in debtor days, but the inventory is increasing, that also I understand 
because of seasonality. But are we on track on a yearly basis to bring down the working 
capital around 15 days on a yearly basis? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So this year's target, what we have said is the 10 days reduction in the working capital 
cycle overall this particular fiscal, and we are on track. This is just the seasonality and 
due to the higher stocking up of raw material in the earlier days, due to which our 
overall inventory days still is a bit high. Initially, our working capital days as on March 
was 109 days, which is currently at 122 days. So this increase is just seasonally an 
increase. The thermal sale will start happening from the month of September onwards. 
So there will be a decline in the inventory days going ahead. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And just last one small clarification. So just out of this INR 35 crore, how much 
was onetime expenditure in advertising, which you believe is non-recurring? 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
Ankit, this is Ajay Patodia. Basically, our advertisement budget is for the quarter 1 
and quarter 3 only, mainly in our industry. Basically advertisement budget is 
especially less in quarter 2 and quarter 4. So it is not a onetime type of call. But since 
IPL this season is onetime in this year, next year, we repeat again. And in this quarter, 
mainly electronic media advertisement is mainly doing so that the expense is looking 
more with respect to total budget. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And sir, have you taken any price hikes recently? Or are you planning to take 
any price hike? Because we have high-cost inventory. 
 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Ajay Patodia: 
We already take the price hike in the 1st week of April. We have fluctuation in the 
cotton pricing and yarn prices. We don't think another price hike will need to be taken 
in the 1st week of July. But due to price hike in April, we already get our gross margin 
increased by 1.5% from last quarter, March quarter. Yes. So in the coming future, it 
will depend only on the movement of the raw material cost, actually. 
 
Ankit Babel: 
No, I understand. Why I was asking because you would be having some high-cost 
inventories. So can it impact your gross margins in Q2? 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
No. Because basically, in a thermal year, our winter-wear products, the product margin 
level is more than the normal. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
There will be no such decline that we see in the gross margin levels in Q2. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for the good growth that has been achieved during this quarter. Yes, 
we have certain disappointment in terms of margins, but as you highlighted, that it is 
purely because of some IPL-related advertisement expenses, which was almost INR 
20 crore higher year-on-year. So if we try to adjust that, hopefully, we have achieved 
the margins that we have guided around 17%. So now if we go into next 3 quarters 
and if we go by the run rate of, let's say, INR 15 crore kind of run rate every quarter, 
hopefully, second quarter will show us the new margins, which probably the analyst 
communities are expecting. 
 
But on the growth front, since the first quarter, we have almost seen 77% kind of 
growth on the top line, and the remaining 3 quarters where we have some seasonal 
advantage in terms of winter-wear, which is going to come up in second and third 
quarter. So can you guide something like 20%-plus growth is achievable during this 
financial year? And if so, then if you could just guide which segments we are seeing 
could drive this sort of growth because we have added a lot of other varieties in our 
bucket, like this Woman's and a lot of other segments which have been added in the 
recent past. So if you could broadly guide us some contours that how this growth is 
going to be achieved in this year will be really helpful. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you, Bajrang ji, for your question. See, overall, on a yearly basis, we stand at 
15% to 17% kind of a revenue growth. That would be the guidance we would like to 
give. Apart from that, the categories that are doing really well is the premium segment 
Force NXT and Dollar Woman is also doing really good. We are getting a very good 
feedback for the Brassiere segment also, which we launched in the month of April. 
And we just launched in 3 states currently, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand. These 
3 states have been given the product, and the market feedback is really good with 
respect to the product quality and the pricing that we have done. 
 
Apart from that, the newer categories that we are going to add in the fourth quarter by, 
let's say, in the month of February, by the end of this fiscal, we are going to add the 
active wear and Dollar Woman athleisure. So these are the 2 product categories which 
was not there earlier. And Dollar Woman athleisure was there, but investment based. 
So now the full range of Dollar Woman athleisure will also come into the market. We 
will be launching in the month of February or so. 
 
And we are going ahead with the active wear also, which is now on the trend. People 
are getting more health-conscious and going to the gym. And they prefer Dri-FIT 
material over a pure cotton kind of a material. Today's youth wants that particular 
product. So that's what our research says, and that's why we are going ahead with those 
categories as well. So these are the product developments that we are coming forward 
with. Apart from that, yes, on an overall growth level, we would be somewhere around 
15%, 17%. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay. And this Woman category, which is now contributing almost 10% to our overall 
pie, can we see this number moving in next 2 to 3 years to weigh some sizable number? 
Like in Man segment, we have a very decent revenue profile as of now. So this Woman 
can do this sort of, I would say, magic for us maybe next 2 to 3 years' perspective? 
 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Ankit Gupta: 
See, the target to get the Woman segment in prominence is our focus point. Definitely, 
it's our focus point. But the thing is that on a volume basis, so the volume for Big Boss, 
Dollar Man and Dollar Always, like the regular economy range of products, is so high 
that the percentage change which has been seen is not much. It is non-differential, I 
would say, even though we are at 9.5%. But like by FY'25, we are hoping that we'll 
make this a INR 200 crore, INR 250 crore business, the Dollar Woman. But when we 
see it as a percentage of sales, it will be somewhere around 11%, 11.5%. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Okay. Got it. And any development on this JV side which you could highlight, both 
on the export side, how our strategy is going to pay off and this JV development? 
That's all from my side. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So on the JV side, towards the end of the third quarter, only the new partner came in, 
G.O.A.T Brand Labs. And for the first quarter revenue, we have seen 175% kind of a 
growth, from INR 1.29 crore in the first quarter last year to INR 3.56 crore this quarter. 
And the gross margins have also improved. Apart from that, we are seeing a very good 
traction on the online sales part. And both the teams, like Dollar and the G.O.A.T 
Brand Labs, are working together to increase the direct-to-consumer model, direct-to-
market the consumer model a bit strong for the Pepe, Pepe innerwear and the athleisure 
segment that we have. Apart from that, we are also trying to increase our distributor 
base for this particular product range and for the JV company. 
 
Bajrang Bafna: 
 
 
Okay. And export traction, how do you see that segment? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So exports have grown by 36% as compared to last year. And we are seeing good 
traction and good demand from the export side as well. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
 
 
Sir, if you can detail the volume growth across the category? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. So as for the volume growth, Dollar Man saw a volume growth of around 49%. 
Dollar Always saw a volume growth of 52%. Dollar Woman saw a growth of 65%. 
Force NXT, 95%. Socks was 290%, which is still very small currently. And we saw 
the growth in Force Go Wear and Champion because in Force Go Wear, we are trying 
to subdue the product in and add it to the athleisure segment, which we have in Dollar 
Man. So it is as per the plan. Apart from that, yes, so overall, the volume growth is 
52%. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
So if you can segregate on the mass, mid-premium as well as premium category, 
volume growth? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes, I don't have that segregation ready with me right now. But on a value basis, our 
premium segment for Q1 FY'23, our premium was 11%, mid-premium was 50% and 
economy range was 38%. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, you just talked about that export sales has grown 36%. So what is the 
export contribution overall? 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
 
 
8%. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, when you talked about reduction, there is a reduction in working capital 
cycle. So how much that would come from the debtors and then how much on the 
inventory side? 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
Basically, 6 to 7 days from debtor and 3 to 4 days from the inventory side. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, how is the RM inflation eased off in during Q2? How much it's been 
eased off? How much the raw material have eased off on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Currently we have a WIP stock of around 40% and then FG stock of 60%. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
 
 
And sir, have we seen any cool up in the raw material price? 
 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Ankit Gupta: 
Initially, yes, there were some amount of dip in the raw material prices. But again, in 
last 5 to 6 days, it has increased. So it is still fluctuating, and commenting anything on 
that will be hard as of now. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
 
 
Okay. So we won't be taking any price hike currently, right? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
 
 
No. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from HNM Finance & Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Mehta: 
I actually recently have started following the company. Can you just warn me on 
channel financing things, sir? Can you spend some 2, 3 minutes on that? That would 
be really helpful. 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
Regarding channel financing scheme, we had the high EBITDA ICICI Bank, in this 
scheme we provide the portal to our distributors at their minimum level interest cost, 
around 8%. And if any leader, want to join our Board with DFS 15, he has to apply 
with the ICICI Bank and ICICI Bank with the Comfort letter from our side. And after 
their CIBIL state from the regulatory body allowed limit as sanctioned by years or as 
approved by years. And in this scheme, total process is online. No paper workings 
required. So this process only take 4 to 5 days if anyone wants to join the scheme. 
Currently, we have already 200 participants are in our Board and around 157, 160 
already active in our scheme. So due to this, we also reduced our later working days, 
and this is very much appreciated by our distributors. And we have, too, projected that 
by FY'25, total of about 60% to 70% of distributors is coming in this scheme. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Sir, can you just sort of publicly tell about the Project Lakshya, whether what's sort of 
the plan for this FY'23 and '24 going forward? We understand that now you have added 
104 possible distributors last year. What is the latest status? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So currently, in totality, we have 174 distributors working under this project. We have 
added 32 distributors during the first quarter, and the numbers have been increasing. 
So we plan to complete Rajasthan, Karnataka. We have already completed Mumbai 
and the surroundings. We plan to complete Gujarat also. And in Maharashtra, the 
Vidarbha area, Nagpur, Gondia, Yavatmal, Amravati. Those regions, the eastern part 
of Maharashtra, I would say, we have completed. We have taken up Northeast, Bihar, 
Orissa, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh also for this particular year. For this particular 
fiscal, we'll try to complete as much as possible in this particular state and drive the 
results. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. You said about the Telangana and Andhra, right? I mean we are a bit having 
lower presence in south compared to others. So any specific plan to have any market 
share in the southern area this year? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
See, in the southern part of India, we have around 7% to 8% overall contribution 
coming in from South India. We are trying to increase the market share over there by 
through this particular project only. In Karnataka, we have seen a good growth in terms 
of revenue. And very soon, we'll be rolling out to Tamil Nadu and Kerala also. So we 
are trying to cover the entire South India, all the 5 states, into this particular project so 
that we get more and more market share. And going ahead, we don't have a plan right 
now, but we might plan a separate advertisement in a local language, regional language 
for South India. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And sir, regarding the yarn prices, have you seen any sort of cool-off in recent 
period? Or we understand that the industry quite reluctant to raise the production. So 
are you getting yarns at the lower prices? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. So we have sort of started procuring yarn also. But see, the thing is that the market 
is so dynamic right now with respect to the raw material prices. There was a cool-off 
in the yarn prices to some extent. But again, the yarn prices increased in the last 7, 10 
days. So not up to the whole extent, but yes, we covered some of the cool-off. So we 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
really don't know where it's going to stop. And it now all depends on the September 
rain also, the future cotton prices for the new crop. It really depends upon how the rain 
goes in the month of September and October. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And sir, in the active wear and the Woman segment, I believe some sort of man-
made fibers could be applied. So in recent times, some softening of the crude prices 
have seen. So are we seeing any sort of, let's say, benign pricing in those areas? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in terms of man-made fibers which will be used in the active wear, we have not yet 
started the production on anything. We have not yet procured the material. We have 
just made the initial prototype samples, I would say. Once it passes the testing stage, 
then we'll go for the test rate and everything. And after that, we’ll go for the 
production. So the product ranges have been identified, like which are the product 
categories that will be coming out with. But the production has not yet started, so it 
would be hard to actually comment on that. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. What is the overall revenue of, let's say, your winter wear to total? Can you just 
sort of quantify? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So athleisure contributed around 14% to our total sales this particular quarter. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
 
That is the winter products?  
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So for winter products, the sale was zero, actually, because the first quarter winter 
product, the thermal does not sell. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
No, overall, I'm asking, sir, last year, what was the share? That's what I'm asking. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
 
 
Somewhere around 9%. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
9%. So this year, because you have mentioned in the press release that you want to 
raise more sales in the winter products. So is there any target internally set for the 
growth in this sort of segment? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
See, summer is based on your winter season. It's a seasonal product, and it clearly 
depends on how the weather goes. But we are very hopeful that this time, the winters 
would be good. And let's hope for the best, and we are ready to take on any kind of a 
growth that comes in the way. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Have you set any sort of projections for the Project Lakshya for FY'23, '24 and '25? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So we really want to complete the major chunk by FY'25. And this year, we want to 
add somewhere around 150 to 200 distributors into this particular project. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
 
Okay. And next year? FY'24? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. So it will depend upon the plan that we made somewhere around November or 
December month because we have still not planned it for the next year currently 
because what happened is that, as you know, that this particular project, what happens 
is it's a huge process like the mapping, enrollment, finding new distributors, asking or 
convincing whole distributors to come on stage. So till now, whatever states we have 
taken up, we really want to complete that. And the newer states needs to be identified 
whereon we'll be implementing next. So like in this particular month, we have just 
started Haryana also, we have taken up Haryana also as well of the date, which we 
will be rolling out. And also, hopefully, by the end of this fiscal, it will get completed. 
Sooner or later, Pan-India basis, we have to roll out the entire Pan-India under this 
particular project because we are seeing a good traction, good results in this particular 
project. 
 
Let's say, in Rajasthan, apart from the Jaipur district, the entire Rajasthan is rolled out. 
And we are seeing good traction out there. The secondaries have been really good. 
The distributors are happy. Now new inquiries are coming out just through word of 

 
Dollar Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                                        August 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
mouth. So there are some relatives of Rajasthan distributors staying in Gujarat and 
Maharashtra. And they are coming up to us and asking for the distributorship under 
this particular project. So all these feedbacks are really very encouraging. And by 
FY'25, we have to complete a major chunk, so that a major contribution of our sales 
comes from this particular project. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So gradually, the now distributor numbers will be ramping up rather than tapering 
down? And is it the understanding correct? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes, we will be ramping up the number of distributors under this particular project. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Let's say 142 for FY'22 and 200 for FY'23, again, something like 250 or 300 for FY'24; 
and gradually, let's say, close to 400 around 2025. So is it the kind of projection you 
are working on? 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So for FY'25, we really want to roll it out to somewhere around 600 to 700 distributors. 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
 
600 to 700. I'm quite confused how. 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions in queue, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining this call. I hope we have been able 
to address all your queries. For any further inquiry or any kind of a question which we 
couldn't answer to you or you couldn't ask, kindly get in touch with us. And thank you 
once again, everyone. Have a nice day. 
 
Ajay Patodia: 
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers, 
that concludes this conference call for today. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
